Marci L. Salsburg-Givan
**** *. *****
Skokie, IL 60076
312-***-****
ad6d1r@r.postjobfree.com

Skilled Technical Writer/Business Analyst/Project Coordinator with over 30 years of experience, working for Federal, State and County governments and numerous Fortune 500 companies with experience in various industries including Finance, Pharmaceuticals, Manufacturing, and more.

Seeking a remote contract or permanent position.

Professional experience

Techmahindra – Johnson and Johnson Alpheretta, GA
October 2023 – Current
Project Coordinator/Technical Writer

Responsibilities included coordination of project documentation for ISRM projects at Johnson and Johnson Pharmaceuticals. Highly skilled and well organized, I worked with Business Owners, Technical Asset Owners and Project Managers on numerous projects at one time, writing, reviewing, organizing and coordinating approval of SDLC project documentation using J&J Asset Management technology.

Upon successful completion of several projects, I was pleased to receive accolades from several Team members as well as Business Owners, Security Directors and Project Managers. My time with Johnson & Johnson was very educational at satisfying.

Insight Global – Molina Healthcare Long Beach, CA
March 2023 – October 2023
Technical Writer
``
Responsibilities included documentation for the Molina Healthcare IT Mareketplace Product Line of Business, New Technology processes, and Onboarding Procedures, including SOPs, Presentations, Organizational charts, Product Line Flowcharts, and updates to the weekly Team Status presentation for the Maketplace Product Line Administration.

Techmahindra – Johnson and Johnson Alpheretta, GA
January 2022 – January 2023
Project Coordinator/Technical Writer

Responsibilities included coordination of project documentation for ISRM projects at Johnson and Johnson Pharmaceuticals. Highly skilled and well organized, I worked with Business Owners and Technical Asset Owners on three to five projects at a time, writing, reviewing, organizing and coordinating SDLC project documentation using J&J Asset Management technology.

In addition, I mentored several new technical writing staff members teaching them the J&J processes, coordinating with Project Staff members and contributing to documentation of in-house job aids for the training and guidance of the J&J Technical Writing staff.

Judge Group – Pfizer Global Wayne, PA
April 2021 – December 2021
Technical Writer

Responsibilities included research, authoring, and editing of documentation such as Reference Architecture documents, Technology Position Papers, API User Guides, ISO documentation, Presentations, and Solution Sketches for the Digital Architecture team at Pfizer. Additionally, I created and updated all the templates that these documents were based on. This was a 100% Remote role engaging with an international team of technically skilled individuals during a most unusual and fast passed time at Pfizer. I not only had the chance to write these documents, but I was also asked to research the technology and how it could be utilized in the Pfizer environment.

mLogica Santa Ana, California
January 2020 – February 2021
Technical Writer

Responsibilities include documentation of new product and/or client technology, such as database performance or SDLC documentation (i.e., Business Requirements, Functional Design, Technical Design, etc.).

Lexico - Grant Thorton Chicago, Illinois
September 2019 – December 2019
Technical Writer

Responsibilities included proposal writing, design documentation, procedural manuals, and technical design illustrations using Visio, Word, and PowerPoint. This was a 100% remote position working with international analysts and developers on 24/7 availability. The assignments involved using the documentation to describe the proposed new system for prospective clients.

Sterling Engineering - Flex Buffalo Grove, Illinois
January 2019 – August 2019
Technical Writer

Responsibilities included the analyzation and documentation of lab processes, medical devices, test procedures and experiment methodology. This included EPA disposal regulations, a scientific term glossary, and FDA regulated procedural manuals.

Solution Partners - Pfizer Lake Forest, Illinois
June 2017 – December 2018
Technical Writer/Business Analyst

Responsibilities included the creation, review and editing of Business Technology documentation for the Global Serialization project. Pfizer is an FDA regulated environment and all documents were written to comply with FDA regulations. These documents included Business Requirements, Training, Technical Specifications, ISO documents, Narratives, API User Guides, and Business Presentations. In addition, I created templates for all these documents to meet the FDA regulations and Pfizer’s System Development Life Cycle (SDLC) requirements. I also administered the SharePoint site for organized storage of the project documentation.

During this project, I was also tasked with creating Visio diagrams for the Enterprise System Architecture. This included meeting with each individual business tower and documenting the business processes connecting to the overall Solution Architecture. I also assisted in the Project Management details by tracking our resources and their workloads using the Microsoft Excel application.

TekSystems - Baxalta/Shire Bannockburn, Illinois
March 2016 – May 2017
Technical Writer/Business Analyst

Insight Global/AbbVie Waukegan, Illinois
October 2015 – February 2016
Technical Writer/Business Analyst

Responsibilities included working with the Lead Architect to develop document design standards, terminology standardization, and development rules for an internal platform solution. In Addition, I worked with SMEs (Information Architects and Systems Analysts to gather content to support the IT requirements and design documents necessary to complete a Developers handbook, a Business handbook, and an Administrative handbook. Abbvie is an FDA regulated environment and all documents were designed according to FDA standards. These documents were produced using Microsoft Word 2010, SharePoint 2013, Microsoft Excel 2010, and Microsoft PowerPoint 2010. To support these documents, I also created templates and an extensive glossary using Excel.

Harmer/Citadel Chicago, Illinois
February 2014 – September 2015
Technical Writer/Business Analyst

Responsibilities included working with Developers and Business Analysts on technical and API User Guides for client-facing financial software. In Addition, I collected input and created the Technical Communications Style Guide for the Citadel Technical communications team as well as using Microsoft Excel to create an extensive glossary of terms (both financial and technical in nature), researching the meanings and providing a reference guide for the team, which was then added to the documentation supplied to Citadel clients. This documentation was required to pass audits from the Securities and Exchange Commission as well as other financial regulatory agencies. These documents were produced using Adobe FrameMaker, RoboHelp Capture, Microsoft Excel, Visio, and the ClearCase Configuration Management tool.

Ronstadt/Northern Trust Bank Chicago, Illinois
January 2013 – January 2014
Technical Writer/Business Analyst

Responsibilities included working with BPAs and SMEs in the Change Management Section of Northern Trust’s Derivatives Division creating System Flows and Process Documentation mapping out NT’s Onboarding processes for OTC IOO Bilateral (Chicago and London), OTC IOO CCP Onboarding (Chicago and London) and OTC Custody Bi-lateral and CCP. In Addition, I created detailed process manuals and flows documenting the Asset Management and Pricing systems as well as Validation Test Plans and Test Scripts for the LEI and Index Options projects.

During my time with NT, I was loaned out to the PMO division to document and refine their SDLC Process and create API User Guides for several of the systems, which figure into the process (AIP, PRS, Beeline, and GTT). In addition, I created an Employee Onboarding Manual using myself as the example and documenting all procedures that I experienced in the process of onboarding with Northern Trust. This manual became the SOP for onboarding new employees and contractors within the Change Management Division.

ESN/Veterans’ Administration Hines, Illinois
January 2010 – January 2013
Technical Writer/Business Analyst

During my time with the VA, I functioned as a Business\Data Analyst programing Microsoft Excel to compile and analyze data and produce weekly, monthly, and quarterly reports required by the Performance Work Statement (PWS) for the VA National Security Operations Center. Assembling these reports required extensive
programming and analytical skills using Excel. They were delivered on a weekly basis to the United States Congress and required extensive knowledge of Excel and the Remedy Ticketing System.

In addition, I acted as a Technical Writer creating Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs) and User Manuals for the day-to-day operations of the Network Defense Center (NDC) Division of the VA.
I was also charged with tracking the training, certification, and deliverable schedules for the members of the NSOC Team as well as setting up and maintaining the SharePoint document repository for the Network Security Team.

*Additional technical writing work history dating back to 1980 available upon request.
Technical Summary
Asset Management, Remedy, Joomla, TagCloud, RoboHELP, RoboHELP HTML, Microsoft Word, Adobe FrameMaker, Visio, Source Safe 5.0, PowerPoint, Excel and Paint. Additionally, MultiMate, WordPerfect, AS/400 Office, Hawkeye, Adobe Acrobat, Adobe PhotoShop, MS DOS, Adobe PageMaker, MS Mail, Netscape Navigator 3.0 Gold, Microsoft Internet Explorer, Russell Calendar Manager, Microsoft Outlook, and various other desktop publishing software, as well as Edgar, and Xedit mainframe word processing packages.

Education
Loyola University Chicago, Illinois
Northeastern Illinois University Chicago, Illinois
Bachelor of Arts in Communication.

References:

Ken Conquest – IT Delivery
Lincoln Financial Group
817-***-****
Brett Pasternak – Manager
Baxalta/Shire
847-***-****
Joe Hendrix
Director Environment Architecture
Pfizer Inc.
224-***-****
Gary Hsieh
Pfizer, Inc.
732-***-****
Donna Magliaro
Technical Writing Manager
Techmahindra
732-***-****
Tom Young
Lead Security Analyst
Johnson & Johnson
973-***-****
Contact this candidate