*Sunday Zidonis

SUMMARY

During my **+ years of technical writing experience, I have worked closely with many subject matter experts and review committees to achieve high quality results.

SKILLS

●Ability to work independently as well as in a team environment
●String organizational skills and strong work ethic
●Office 365, Visio, Camtasia, Retail POS systems, Internet
●Typing speed: 60wpm
WORK EXPERIENCE

Jan 2020-Present
Part-time-Grants writing

Sept 2020-Nov2020
Epcon Communities, Technical Writer, Dublin, Ohio
Developed over 25 homebuilding processes and procedures related to their new enterprise system. Interviewed all levels of organization from Controller to salesmen and administrative staff. Developed templates for flowcharts, users’ manual, and glossary. This process required both working independently and working as a team to complete all the tasks required.

Oct 2018-Dec 2019
American Electric Power, Technical Writer, New Albany, Ohio
Develop and edit policy and procedures related to a newly formed department. Much of the original information gathered during the early stages of policy development, required a great deal of fluid, creative thinking. In the latter stages the documentation required more organizational skills and awareness of the departments that would need to review any policies that could potentially conflict with external federal regulations.

Feb 2017-Sept 2018
Cancer Support Community, Database Consultant, Columbus, Ohio
Database scrubbing to increase accuracy of reporting and correspondence, process documentation for database end users, and data dictionary. As part of the development of the process documentation, I addressed clear concise answers to questions posed by reviewers.

Nov 2013-Jan 2017
State of Ohio Bureau of Workers Compensation, Technical Writer, Columbus, Ohio
Process documentation resulting in over 100 Visio process maps and development of a knowledge database in SharePoint, templates, and guide sheet development. The processes documented were developed by SMEs for future requirements gathering for customization of an off-the-shelf system that was recently purchased. I was required to resolve slight differences in operations between remote offices.

I was also asked document processes that continually scan the business environment. This scanning process recognizes early trends are used to develop models that forecast future business.

2017, 2018, 2019 (Summers)
Ohio Department of Education, Grant Scorer, Columbus, Ohio
Score grant proposals from school systems according to grant requirements and quality parameters. Each grant scorer reads 3-6 grants with approximately 25 questions per grant. The scoring and a written justification for the score is entered through an online portal. After some additional iterations, the scores are ranked, and the money is distributed to school systems with the top proposal scores.

2013- 2014
Optimum Technology, Technical Writer, Worthington, Ohio
My role was to write a clear and concise online help guide for a new application used by law enforcement to track abuse of prescription painkillers. As part of the development, I was required to work independently once I acquired information from the application developers and the Vice President of Information Systems.

(WORK EXPERIENCE continued)

2011-2012
Lionbridge LLC, Technical Writer, St. Louis, Missouri
Convert HTML pages to MS Word documents. The project required a great deal of independent troubleshooting to overcome technical issues that arose during the document’s completion.

1998-2010
Columbus State Community College, Grant Writer, Columbus, Ohio
My role in Developing content for grants including budgets, support letters, and program evaluation for the Columbus State Development Office of the college, we continually increased the amount of grants received by the college each year. I planned meetings with faculty, administrators, and the Provost to partner and develop grant consortiums with key community organizations.

EDUCATION
The Ohio State University – 1983
●Human Resources Management (BS)
●Adult training course
●Labor Contract negotiations
●FORTRAN course

Columbus State Community College – 1998
●Technical Communications, Associate Arts & Science Degree (AAS)
●Magna cum laude
●Cognate area: Graphical Design

Jones International University – 2006 (MBA)
●Specialization: Project Management
●Summa cum laude

Walden University – 2008 (Ph.D. to be completed)
●Specialization: Knowledge Management
●Completed all graduate-level coursework including Accounting, Finance, Information Management Systems, and Statistics (SAS)
Contact this candidate