DENNIS EDWARD BULCAO, JR.

SENIOR TECHNICAL WRITER
Active Secret Level Security Clearance

Cell/text: 619-***-**** E: ad6q2n@r.postjobfree.com
PORTFOLIO: DennyWrites.com/portfolio
LinkedIn: Linkedin.com/in/dennybulcao YouTube Testimonials

Technical writing samples, including API documentation, from GE Digital, Oracle and Agora.io:

https://www.dennywrites.com/ge-digital https://www.dennywrites.com/oracle https://www.dennywrites.com/agoraio

Possesses more than 22 years of experience providing technical content writing, editing and proofreading services to develop high-impact informational, persuasive, advertising, marketing and communications for clients in diverse industries — including IT, computer hardware/software, banking/financial services, housing/luxury real estate, sports and entertainment, medical, legal, e-commerce, print/online media/video, engineering, construction, automotive, artificial intelligence (AI) and accounting.

Offers proven talents in synthesizing complex ideas into focused and engaging content, translating technical/scientific jargon into clear, understandable copy for various audiences, and utilizing social media to maintain and increase consumer engagement.

Core Competencies: Technical Writing (API Documentation, REST, Open AI), SME Interviewing, UX Copywriting/Editing, B2B and B2C Content Creation, Corporate Communications, Agile Collaboration, Public Relations, Internet Research, Presentations, Quality Control, Client Relations, Negotiations, Transcription, Shorthand, Sports/News/Opinion/Editorial Writing

Technical Skills: Macs, PCs, Confluence, AEM, Figma, ChatGPT, AI, FrameMaker, DITA, oXygen XML Editor, SharePoint, Salesforce, GitHub, Rally, Asana, MS Office Suite, MS Visio PowerPoint, Egnyte, LBiProofs, Concur, Synergist, Basecamp, Outlook, Access, Box, InfoPath, Adobe Acrobat X Pro, Photoshop, Corel, HTML, XML, STML, SGML, Citrix, Adept, MEPS, Snagit, SDL Tridion, Knowledge Link, Google Docs, Documentum, WordPress, Trello, WebEx, Balsamiq, YouTrack, Camtasia, PowToon, Web Content Creation/Updating, Blogging (Moveable Type), Internet Research, Apple Software Programs: Create and RetailMe

EXPERIENCE

Intuit, Senior Technical Writer, Remote 2/24 — 5/24 (contract)
●Write API Documentation (REST, OpenAI), UX copy, SEO, and website help and training content with an audience-first approach.
●Start every project with my team (designers, engineers, developers, project managers, etc.) talking to customers to develop insights and empathy that lead to breakthrough creative ideas.
●Be a creative spark that brings bold, innovative thinking and creative energy to my projects and team.
●Collaborate and communicate via video meeting, phone, Slack or email to develop and evolve the Intuit Voice and Tone Guidelines.
●Thoroughly fact check and proofread before publishing to Confluence or Figma.
●Hit deadlines without fail.

COLSA, Senior Technical Writer, San Diego, CA 11/23 – 2/24 (contract)
●Wrote classified technical documentation (API user guides/manuals from REST and OpenAI APIs) for COLSA’s contract with the US Navy.
●Obtained Secret clearance from the Department of Defense (DoD).

Luxury Presence via my LLC, 1stClassWriting.com, SEO Content Writer 6/21 – 11/23
●Negotiated and secured two $1.5 million dollar contracts. Content included long and short form SEO blogs, articles and community guides (400-1,200 words per piece). 1stClassWriting.com produced up to 1.2 million high-quality words per month for 2.5 years.

Intuit, Senior Technical Writer, Remote 6/21 – 1/22 (contract)
●Interviewed tool and capability owners to simplify complex concepts into easy-to-read, concise content, can adapt content to meet the needs of different display points, Validated quality prior to sharing content, Supported co-workers through content peer reviews.
●Followed corporate guidelines and style guides to maintain quality, voice and tone standards for all content created.
●Using Figma and AEM, created the following types of content for Go-To-Market (GTM) capability and tools enablement: 2-minute video demos of features and tools, 2-page case studies, email and Slack templates and comms, bite-sized summaries for senior leaders, etc.

Quest Continuing Education (CE), Finance Course Writer, Remote 9/18 – 6/21 (freelance)
●Wrote long form continuing education courses and exam questions/answers in AEM for accountants, insurance agents, legal professionals and other industries to comply with federal and state requirements.

Google, Senior Technical Writer & Editor, Remote 7/20 – 9/20 (Fourth Google contract)
●Reorganized, wrote and edited Google engineering documentation in Google Docs. Specifics for this contract are confidential.

BlueCross BlueShield of North Carolina, Senior Technical Writer, Remote 4/20 – 7/20 (contract)
●Reorganized, wrote and edited BCBS technical documentation in Confluence.

Farmers Insurance, Senior Technical Writer, Remote 1/20 – 4/20 (contract)
●Supported the IT Enterprise Collaboration team in a variety of technical writing and editing subject areas.
●Developed collaboration tool adoption/training campaigns on internal technology sites like Workplace (Facebook), SharePoint and Box.

The American Society of Mechanical Engineers (ASME), Proofreader, Remote 3/19 – 6/20 (Contract extended twice)
●Provided critical edits for the Learning and Development (L&D) organization by proofreading copy for a large volume of course content.
●Edited technical and/or engineering course content, Interpreted data to help learners read and understand complex engineering courses.
●Maintained consistent, impeccable attention to detail, Coordinated and prioritized large and diverse workloads on tight deadlines.

Pharmavite, Senior Technical Writer, Remote 10/19 – 1/20 (contract)
●Wrote and edited for the Quality, Tech Ops, Operations and PLM Departments to ensure that content, flow and context aligned with company policies, procedures and federal and state regulations.
●Coordinated with internal teams to ensure the readability, technical accuracy and completeness of controlled documentation including, but not limited to, MBRs, SOPs and JIs. Created templates to standardize MBRs, SOPs, JIs and other Controlled Documents.

United States Holocaust Memorial Museum, Web Content Writer & Editor, Remote 6/19 – 10/19 (contract)
●Assisted with website optimization: optimized content, analyzed and understood guest needs.
●Created and revised content, updated outdated content, fitting revised and new content into new templates.
●Researched and resized photos and graphics.
●Worked with an agile team (content, designers, developers).

Google, Senior Writer, Remote 12/18 – 6/19 (Third Google contract)
●Wrote and edited educational content for Google's Applied Digital Skills website for middle school, high school and adult learners.
●Content included video scripts, lesson plans, rubrics, closed captions, assessments, marketing/promotional materials and online instructions.

LiteMD, SEO Content Writer, Remote 11/18 – 12/18 (contract)
●Created compelling, relevant and interesting content that met prime search engine standards and positioned LiteMD as a leader in the Innovative Healthcare Industry.
●Wrote clever and appealing: website content, help content, presentations, marketing pages, email campaigns, social media campaigns, provider biographies, staff biographies, telemedicine blog content and additional copy.

Neomeda, Senior Technical & Marketing Writer, Remote 8/18 – 11/18 (contract)
●Wrote compelling help documentation, user manuals, social media content and web copy.
●Created software manuals and user guides for a medical scheduling service used on desktop and mobile devices.

Wells Fargo, Senior Technical Writer and Editor, Remote 4/18 – 8/18 (Second Wells Fargo contract)
●Drafted, edited and formatted complex technical manuals, projects and other technical documentation.
●Drafted and edited web help content.
●Researched and translated technical information for technical and non-technical users.

Ledger Bennett, Senior Copywriter, San Francisco, CA and Remote 12/17 – 4/18 (contract)
Ledger Bennett is a UK-based, market-leading B2B demand generation agency focused on creating demand for clients’ products and services globally. Clients include Microsoft, LinkedIn and American Express.
●Wrote copy for several tones of voice, channels and scenarios.
●Worked with internal teams to generate ideas and concepts for pitching and proposals.

Google, Writer III, San Francisco, CA 10/17 – 12/17 (Second Google contract)
●Wrote original, high quality training materials including video scripts, online instructions, outlines, assessments, narrative walkthroughs and educational text about Google Assistant.
●Integrated feedback from several stakeholders and varying perspectives to create a cohesive, partner-focused end product.
●Worked with Instructional Designers (ID) and SMEs to turn storyboards into fully formed content.

Airbnb, Senior Technical Writer, San Francisco, CA 8/17 – 10/17 (contract)
●Created, developed, planned, wrote and edited operational, instructional, maintenance and test procedures for paper, multimedia or web-based publication.

Advantest, Senior Technical Writer, San Jose, CA 5/17 – 8/17 (contract)
●Under audit deadline, developed, wrote and edited training and other user guides/manuals to ensure Advantest was ISO 9001:2015 compliant.

McCann New York, Technical Copywriter, San Jose/New York 4/16 – 1/17 (Contract extended from six to 10 months)
CLIENT: Verizon
●Wrote copy for digital materials that promote a new Verizon technology, including copy for all online marketing and product descriptions.
●Wrote screens and marketing copy, video scripts for troubleshooting via online support and phone support.
●Established a consistent tone of voice across the product suite on the client (Verizon) website.

CSAA Insurance Group, a AAA Insurer, Digital Writer / Editor, Walnut Creek, CA 2/16 – 4/16 (project)
●Defined the digital copy for CSAA/AAA new and existing insurance sales and servicing applications.

Agora.io, Lead Technical Writer — USA, Santa Clara, CA 1/16 – 2/16 (project)
●Worked with the lead writer in China to create CaaS API documentation, website copy, white papers, data sheets, case studies, help content, blogs and other documentation Agora.io needs as a startup in Silicon Valley. Communicated with engineers and SMEs.

General Electric (GE Digital), Senior Technical Writer, San Ramon, CA 9/14 – 1/16
●Collaborated in an agile environment with cross-functional teams to produce high-quality documentation.
●Actively participated in daily Scrum stand-up meetings, weekly planning and review meetings.
●Wrote developer and administration guides in Confluence, including API, SDK, SOP, UI, UX, administration and installation guides about GitHub, Rally, Coverity, JAVA, Artifactory, Menlo, ServiceNow, Slack and other software.
Accomplishments:
●Earned a performance-based salary raise and 10% bonus.
●Rewrote and reorganized two Confluence spaces (315+ pages).
●Volunteered to blog about GE Software and ‘Cloud Foundry Summit 2015’ in Santa Clara. Blogs were published company-wide and publicly.

Google, Technical Writer II, Mountain View, CA 7/14 – 9/14 (contract)
As a Senior Knowledge Base Writer for Google Play:
●Wrote and edited content that helped Google Play customer service representatives assist customers via email, phone, chat and feedback.

Intuit / Demandforce, Content Writer & Editor, San Francisco, CA 6/14 – 7/14 (project)
●Wrote, edited and published knowledge base articles, email and chat templates and other customer help content.

Model N, Digital Content Writer, Redwood City, CA 6/14 – 7/14 (project)
●Partnered with the Senior Manager of Creative Services and SMEs to strategize and create a new Model N website (content and design).

Electronics for Imaging (EFI), Technical Writer, Fremont, CA 3/14 – 6/14 (contract)
●Developed API documentation for the EFI Fiery product line (commercial printers and software) and associated products using DITA, FrameMaker and oXygen XML Editor, Planned, organized, developed and maintained customer-facing documentation.

Samsung, Senior Technical Writer, Palo Alto, CA 2/14 – 3/14 (contract)
●Led the creation of high-quality documentation and web portal content for the Samsung Music Application, Music Hub and the Music Marketing Department, Wrote white papers, tech notes and user guides while working in an agile environment with engineers.

Capital One, Technical Writer III, McLean, VA 10/13 – 2/14 (contract)
●Wrote, proofread, edited and formatted highly confidential financial documentation in SharePoint.

Apple, Content & Communication Specialist, Cupertino, CA 7/13 – 10/13 (contract)
●Maintained the structure of reference content, including policies, user-guides and how-to’s, tracked and managed multiple versions of single instances of content using Create and RetailMe.

VISA, Senior Technical Writer, Foster City, CA 5/13 – 7/13 (contract)
●Applied knowledge of payment systems, payment industry regulatory requirements/business models and documentation requirements to create documentation templates, style guides and additional internal, proprietary content under deadline.

Oracle, UX Content Writer/Strategist, Redwood City, CA 3/13 – 5/13 (contract)
●Created API and SDK content for web and other digital devices to educate customers on how to include user-centered methods into implementation development cycles.
●Wrote concise, engaging and persuasive informational content, updated and maintained current content, identified additional content for mobile and web delivery channels.

Wells Fargo, Senior Writer/Social Media Editor, San Francisco, CA 10/12 – 3/13 (contract)
●Collaborated with key stakeholders to align their needs with social business objectives and with product, stakeholder and UX teams.
●Wrote and copy-edited B2B-facing UX content in WordPress, including blogs, LinkedIn business group copy, online help, error messages, screen content and instructional guides for the CEO (Chief Electronic Office) portal.
●Ghost wrote for Wells Fargo executives.

U.S. Bank, Senior Interactive Writer/Editor, San Francisco, CA 7/12 – 10/12 (contract)
●Wrote and edited mobile platform help content, working with content strategists. Updated content strategy guide weekly.

Lexmark, Lead Worldwide Marketing Writer, Lexington, KY 4/12 – 7/12 (contract)
●Wrote, edited and proofread Lexmark B2B and B2C marketing and advertising copy with a focus on hardware products (printers).

MetLife, Senior Writer/Editor, Auto & Home eBusiness, Warwick, RI 11/11 – 4/12 (contract)
●Conceptualized and executed innovative help/educational copy and content in SharePoint, including all aspects of digital marketing (large web initiatives, microsites, landing pages and email campaigns).

PayPal/eBay, Senior Web Writer, Global Content, Austin, TX 5/11 – 11/11 (contract)
●Created compelling help content (in SharePoint) based on user needs, business objectives and product knowledge.

USAA, Senior Web Content Writer/Editor, San Antonio, TX 11/10 – 5/11 (contract)
●Created clear and concise B2C web and mobile device help/educational content for the Content and Publishing Department.
●Completed 300+ projects related to credit cards, auto and life insurance, checking/savings accounts, retirement and more.

Bailey Gardiner Creative, Proofreader, San Diego, CA 5/10 – 11/10 (freelance)
●Proofread and copy-edited advertising, public relations, social media marketing and Internet marketing copy under tight deadlines.

Hitachi Data Systems, Technical Editor, Santa Clara, CA 2/09 – 5/10 (freelance)
●Consistently hit strict deadlines with perfect results, generating additional technical work as a proofreader and copy editor of internal documents and documents prepared for client use.

PETCO Animal Supplies, Inc., Online Copy Manager, San Diego, CA 11/08 – 2/09
●Wrote, edited and proofread PETCO.com content, email advertising/marketing material, daily blogs, press releases, white papers and additional correspondence. Ethically wrote within SEO/SEM guidelines to increase traffic and PETCO revenue.

DriveOK, Inc., Senior Copywriter, San Diego, CA 3/08 – 11/08
●Achieved Page 1 Google ranking for two DriveOK Inc. websites within two months, earning two pay bonuses.

CBS-TV, News Anchor/Reporter, Grand Junction, CO (KREX) and Bakersfield, CA (KBAK) 6/04 – 8/06

The Associated Press, Newsperson/Sports Writer, San Diego, CA 1/04 – 6/04 and 8/06 – 11/08

The San Diego Union-Tribune, Sports Writer, San Diego, CA 8/03 – 6/04 and 8/06 – 11/08

EDUCATION & TRAINING

Saint Mary’s College of California
Bachelor of Arts, Communication, May 2003

US Department of Defense (DoD), Active Security Clearance
Secret-level clearance, January 2024 — Current

Department of the Army
Certificate of Training, Department of Defense Information Assurance Awareness
(Certificate earned for a US government contract with Tapestry Solutions in San Diego, CA)
Contact this candidate