Bertha Smith
CELL 262-***-**** • E-MAIL ad71kg@r.postjobfree.com

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Technical Writer, MTI
Pleasant Prairie, WI – 2021 – 2023

Maintain engineering documents ensuring revisions and relevant data are maintained.
Generate, maintain, and track deviation requests, engineering change requests, engineering change notices and other documentation.
Taking pictures of procedures and uploading them to the work instruction.
Created and maintained all the documentation and made sure they were routed to the correct person.

Document Coordinator Specialist, R&D Systems
MINNAPOLIS, MN - 2017 – 2021

Manage Document Control Email and distribute to applicable team members.
Complete complex tasks within the Document Management System (DMS).
Manage Users and other DMS functions. Format labels and some documents.
Upload, route, and final approval of documents and labels. Use judgment in routing documents and labels
to appropriate personnel. Manage Deviations, Product Change Notifications and Change Impact
Assessments.
Attend new product document meetings, make corrections, and assure documents and labels are routed and approved in the DMS.
Obsolete part numbers and documents in DMS, Microsoft Access-DCR database and Microsoft Dynamics AX.
Make nomenclature changes to all applicable documents and labels.
Understand how to navigate Microsoft Dynamics AX.
AX entry of kit components and raw materials.
Understand basic functions of Compliance Wire.
Manage the document link between DMS and Compliance Wire.
Add and remove documents from curriculums.
Keen ability to multitask and work within a fast-paced environment.
Collaborate frequently with multiple departments and across multiple functions.
Demonstrate a high level of problem-solving ability with the capacity to suggest future changes.
Help train and support employees.
Fill in for all Document Coordinator duties as needed.
Work independently and with the team.
Demonstrate company values in daily work.
Perform additional duties as assigned.
Follow company policies and practices as outlined in the Handbook and follow guidelines regarding safety as outlined in the AWAIR, Chemical Hygiene and Exposure Control manuals in accordance with the job.

Production Support Specialist, The StayWell Company
EAGAN, MN - 2006 – 2017
Data entry with extreme accuracy and speed.
Prepares work areas for execution of pre-production and post-production assembly.
Coordinates preparation and sending of outgoing product mailings.
Works closely with other employees to maintain high quality.
Exports/mergers/prints letters for the appropriate recipients and records outcomes.
Traffics work product to ensure deadlines are met.
Filling and copying of documents.

EDUCATION
High School Diploma Horlick High School Racine, WI– 1994

KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS, AND ABILITIES
Knowledge of the Document Management System, Microsoft Dynamics AX and Microsoft Access-DCR.
Knowledge of new product timetables.
Knowledge of safety and company procedures and practices.

Skills in problem solving, including the ability to identify and appropriately evaluate a course of action.
Basic skills in Microsoft Office and completing data retrieval and data entry.

Ability to be flexible.
Ability to act independently and with teams on projects.
Ability to plan, organize and multi-task to complete assignments in an efficient manner.
Ability to communicate professionally, both oral and written.
Ability to pay attention to details and perform at a high-level of accuracy.

Correspondence protocol via print, email, text, social media, etc.
Report preparation and publication
Interpersonal and intercultural communication strategies
Data communication via spreadsheet and database development
MS Office software products, Excel, Outlook, and Word
65 WPM Keyboarding, 10 key skills
Contact this candidate