EILEEN ROGERS
Centerport, NY ***** 631-***-**** ad790t@r.postjobfree.com
https://www.linkedin.com/in/eileen-rogers-30123b7

SUMMARY:
Dedicated and versatile professional with extensive expertise in
technical writing, business analysis, and training. Possess a proven
ability to rapidly acquire new skills and effectively translate complex
technical information into clear and comprehensive documentation. Adept
at collaborating closely with engineers and authored a wide range of
documents, including program specifications, design specifications, user
manuals, reference manuals, operations manuals, repair manuals, APIs, and
training manuals. Committed to delivering high-quality documentation and
facilitating seamless communication between technical and non-technical
stakeholders.

SKILLS:
Project Management Client Management Stakeholder Engagement
Research Experience Problem Solver Excellent Written and Oral
Communication Collaborative Self-starter Time Management Data
Analytics RFPs SCDs Sharepoint Microsoft Office Information
Mapping Windows Visio Photoshop Adobe Acrobat Caliber Robohelp
7 Illustrator Costpoint

EXPERIENCE:
FRONTGRADE (formerly CAES), Plainview, New York
Jul 2020 - Nov 2023
Senior Technical Writer
. Working with engineering staff, developed and updated proposals,
RFPs, Data Sheets (SCDs), user manuals, training guides,
presentations, and product brochures.
. Created and maintained complex tables that became the basic form for
test plans.

BIODEX MEDICAL SYSTEMS, Shirley, New York
Oct 2016 - Jul 2020
Senior Technical Writer
. Worked with engineering, created and updated user manuals, screen
captures, digital photography, and created mock wire frames.

ULTRA ELECTRONICS-EMS, Yaphank, New York
Apr 2016- Sept 2016
Senior Technical Writer (Consultant)
. Worked with engineering, developed schematics, created and updated
figure diagrams for Degaussing systems sold to various foreign
navies.
. Using Costpoint, created and updated Bill of Materials (BOMs) and
part numbers enabling the engineers more time to be productive.
. Created and updated complex test plans and verified test results.

NATIONAL GRID, Hicksville, New York
Oct 2015
- Apr 2016
Administrator (Consultant)
. Participated in pre-triage and triage meetings, create meeting notes
tracking the progress of each non-standard service request from
inception to completion.
. Designed internal reports that showed the reasons for, steps taken
to solve, and service technicians called for non-standard service
reported by customers.

ZEBRA TECHNOLOGIES, Islandia, New York
Mar 2015 - Sept 2015
Sr. Technical Writer (Consultant)
. Updated existing documentation, part numbers, bar codes, and
compliance directives, quick start guides, and user manuals for the
regulatory department.
. Collaborated with developers and engineers to design of new
documents/forms for regulatory department ensuring proper standards
and directives were met for overseas shipments.

Eileen Rogers 631-***-**** ad790t@r.postjobfree.com
Page 2

IECA, New Hyde Park, New York
Jan
2013 - Feb 2015
Sr. Technical Writer
. Worked with the Software Engineering Department to produce user
documentation used in proxy battles.
. Updated existing documentation to reflect changes to screens and
functionality due to changes is SEC regulations.

CANON USA, New Hyde Park, New York
Nov 2010 - Dec 2012
Sr. Technical Writer/Business Systems Analyst (Consultant)
. Worked with the Business Project Planning (BPP) division, created
user guides and training documents in to be posted to the Intranet.
. By co-chairing in-house meetings with in-house users and managers,
gathered information detailing what was missing from current
Warehouse and Retail systems. Created presentations to explain how
IT expected the new systems to operate.
. Wrote letters to upper management, business affiliates, and
customers detailing dates and times of system access.
. Involved with the planning and design of the new Retail system.
Involved with all phases of the UAT.
. Working with users and IT, created work flows, functional flows,
swim lane diagrams, documented procedures, created test scenarios,
and conducted web meetings.
. Involved with user training for the newly implemented system in a
classroom setting and worked as a liaison between users and IT to
document, research, prioritize, and resolve issues.
. Researched all requests for access to the systems to determine what
role and functionality the employee should be granted.

CLEVER DEVICES, LTD., Plainview, New York
Feb 2010 - Sept 2010
Senior Technical Writer (Consultant)
. Worked with the system design engineers to produce proposals and
compliance matrices.
. Formatted and edited data, extracted pages from the RFP pdf files,
and created forms for electronic use.
. Created service and product documents, user manuals, training
manuals, and repair manuals.

INTRANS GROUP, INC., Carle Place, New York
Feb 2007 - Dec 2009
Senior Technical Writer
. Produced proposals, user manuals, repair manuals, and performed
business analysis.
. Maintained the catalog of resumes, which included translating
resumes from French to English.

CORRECTNET, INC., Hauppauge, New York
Oct 2004 - Feb 2007
Sr. Technical Writer (Consultant)
. Produced all system and user guides uploaded to the client's portal
branding them with the customer's logo.
. Performed full regression testing on new systems prior release,
wrote test scripts, and compiled the test results.

NEW YORK CITY DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION, Long Island City, New York
Oct 2001 - Oct 2004
Technical Writer/Trainer (Consultant)
. Responsible for documenting all existing systems, created the HTML
help screens, and wrote job descriptions and resumes for the
development staff, and conducted telephone training sessions with
various schools.
. Performed a detailed analysis of all database systems currently
being used withing the department.
. Produced a functional specification working with the development
staff, financial, and system analysts.
. Served as a weekend supervisor to the customer service
representatives.

EDUCATION:
B.A. in Liberal Arts SUNY at Stony Brook, Stony Brook, New York
A.A.S. Computer Science SUNY at Farmingdale, Farmingdale, New York
Contact this candidate