Christine C. Watson

Seattle, WA 425-***-**** Email LinkedIn

CAREER OBJECTIVE
Christine is a seasoned writer and editor with over a decade of content creation experience ranging from creative copywriting and blogging to technical writing and training documentation. An expert attention to detail and a passion for clarity in communication has fueled her success from freelancing to behind the desk at multiple Fortune 10 companies. She is excited for the chance to lend you her skills and expertise while continuing to grow her professional repertoire.

CORE COMPETENCIES

Experienced technical and creative writer
Passion for innovation
Keen eye for detail
Eager to learn, absorb, and implement feedback
Delivers high quality content under tight deadlines

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCES
Teradata, Seattle, WA
Technical Writer, November 2023 - January 2024
Adding metadata to SharePoint pages and documents.
Performing a comprehensive audit of SharePoint content to ensure it is accurate, up to date, understandable, and adheres to brand and style guidelines.

Chevron, Seattle, WA
Writer, June 2023 - December 2023
Creating, consolidating, and SEO optimizing knowledge articles for Chevron Texaco Station Support (CTSS).
Working with subject matter experts to create learning journeys and internal training decks for Chevron and Texaco marketers and retailers.
Leveraging analytics in Salesforce to determine new content needs and ensure exiting articles are accessible and accurate.

Microsoft, Seattle, WA
Content Writer, March 2023 – June 2023
Crafting engaging blogs, articles, help documentation, and promotional materials to showcase Teams Premium features.
Revamping and enhancing the existing Teams Premium documentation and imagery to align with the latest capabilities and user interface.

AT&T, Seattle, WA
Technical Writer, May 2022 – December 2022
Crafting Salesforce knowledge articles, Chatter tips, and FAQs tailored to the needs of AT&T’s Sellers.
Drafting, editing, and deploying critical and emergency communications on extremely tight deadlines.

Microsoft, Bellevue, WA
Technical Writer III, December 2021 – June 2022
Drafting help center articles for new Microsoft Teams features.
Updating and revamping existing help center documentation to reflect changes and enhancements to Microsoft Teams features.
Utilizing Power BI dashboards to SEO optimize help center content, identify new content needs, and enhance search efficacy.

The Walt Disney Company, Seattle, WA
Sr. Communications Specialist/Technical Writer, October 2021 – December 2021
Creating engaging social media posts for internal Disney Slack channels.
Building out and managing a comprehensive content calendar and kanban board.
Drafting presentation decks with accompanying scripts and imagery.

Wunderman Thompson, Seattle, WA
B2B Marketing Writer, March 2021 – September 2021
Creating marketing emails, LinkedIn ads, comparison charts, video scrips, eBooks, and banners for both T-Mobile and Toyota.
Writing collateral for major campaigns such as the T-Mobile for Government Connecting Heroes® program.
Collaborating closely with subject matter experts, client marketing teams, and brand and legal departments to ensure all collateral aligns with client expectations.

BitTitan, Bellevue, WA
Content Writer, April 2020 – February 2021
Writing, updating, and re-organizing migration guides.
Creating troubleshooting documents for both internal support teams and customers.
Developing brand and style guidelines for customer-facing content.
Incorporating tags and SEO best practices for knowledge base articles.

Microsoft, Bellevue, WA
Technical Writer III, July 2019 – April 2020
Crafting new internal trainings, job aids, and process documents.
Collaborating with multiple teams across the organization to ensure new and existing documentation best serves their needs.

GE Healthcare, Issaquah, WA
Technical Writer, February 2019 – July 2019
Writing highly technical documentation focused on medical devices for cancer research.
Working side by side with mechanical engineers and assembly personnel to edit and update process documents and capture photographs of build processes.

AT&T, Bothell, WA
Technical Writer, February 2016 – February 2019
Creating both customer-facing and internal presentations on new products and product enhancements.
Creating presentation graphics, infographics, charts, and animations using SnagIt.
Creating training material that informs customers about the benefits and proper usage of AT&T Business Center services.
Ensuring all customer-facing documents are brand, legal, and CATO (Corporate Accessibility Technology Office) compliant.

Wireless Advocates, Seattle, WA
Communications Specialist, January 2014 – February 2016
Writing, editing, and researching content for corporate communications including daily newsletters, quarterly reports, executive memos, and social media posts.
Creating price tags and signage using InDesign and Photoshop.
Ensuring the company intranet sites are up to date.
Managing site permissions, updating files, and managing version control on the company SharePoint site.

EDUCATION AND COURSEWORK
University of Washington, Seattle, WA
Bachelor of Arts in English Literature

ADDITIONAL SKILLS
Excels working in high-pressure situations and managing multiple projects effectively while meeting stringent deadlines.
Experience using HTML, Microsoft Visual Studio, and Dreamweaver.
Proficient with multiple content management systems including SharePoint, Zendesk, Confluence, WordPress, Salesforce CMS, Portico, and C3.
Contact this candidate