Bryan R Barton – MBA
Buckeye, AZ ***** 480-***-****
LinkedIn: linkedin.com/in/bryan-barton-1886ba13 Email: ad7d30@r.postjobfree.com
Technical Writer
Innovative thinker with broad-based expertise in strategic, operational, and technical delivery of large-scale Financial Services
Versatile and accomplished technical writer – specialized in mortgage banking and proficiently instigating effective technical writing initiatives for various projects. Expertise in product and business information development as well as driving performance and reducing inefficiencies. Proven track record of accurately completing research, performing process gap analysis, and reporting information to management within demanding time frames. Act as a consultant with all levels of management, subject matter experts, and users. Thrive in diverse work environments with a focus on productivity and excellence in all technical writing responsibilities. Work with SMEs to review and verify documents for completeness, format, and compliance with contract requirements.
Policy/Procedure Development
Project Management/Planning
Strategic Planning/Analysis
Mortgage Banking
Research/Gap Analysis
Research/Interviewing Techniques
Technology Group Documentation
Auto Lending Documentation
Training Manual Design
Effective Communication
Teamwork/Collaboration
Problem Resolution
SKILLS SUMMARY
Cloud Practitioner Certification – AWS exam 11/30/2023
Leveraged outstanding research/analysis, writing, proofreading, and editing, skills while designing training manual, Technology Group Documentation, and Financial-Banking Policies and Procedures.
Adept at coordinating Mortgage Training and developing Visio BPMN Process Workflows that match written documentation. Technically proficient at using MS Office Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Visio 2016, Draw IO, SharePoint, OpenText, eGain, Jira, Confluence, Adobe Acrobat Pro, and Skype/Slack/WebEx/Convergent. Have knowledge of HTML/CSS and SQL, and Madcap Flare.
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Wells Fargo Bank through Experis, Arizona, Remote (5-month Contract) 2023 Apr – Dec 2023
Technical Writer – Documentation Specialist (Contract)
Wrote and uploaded procedures into a knowledge management program called OpenText. Recertified procedures by contacting process owners to upload approved documents into WEM. Tracked and maintained a rolling inventory in Excel. Updated Jira and weekly reports for management review. Worked with the line of business managers to write and edit their documents to move documentation through several layers of approvals and publication. Communicated all levels of approval for each document to the line of business and managers.
UNION BANK (MUFG) through Amdocs, Tempe, Remote, Arizona 2023 Jan – Mar 2023
Technical Writer – Documentation Specialist (Contract)
Created procedural documentation for a new security operations IT system called ACAT. Worked with SMEs in multiple departments to create high level Visio maps, spreadsheets, and about 100 written documents to provide the steps for navigating the ACAT system. I wrote and edited procedures and policy documents by working with line managers to help them receive document approvals. I help to create and participated in a collaboration of updates to the documentation using TEAMS, SharePoint, and Word, as well as email and phone conversations.
Wells Fargo Bank through KForce, Arizona, Remote (6-month Contract) 2022 Jun – Dec 2022
Technical Writer – Documentation Specialist
Worked with the line of Business to document processes and upload procedures into a knowledge management program called OpenText. Tracked and maintained a rolling inventory in Excel and updated Jira and weekly reports for management review. Worked with the line of business and managers to move documentation through several layers of approvals and publication. Communicated all levels of approval for each document to the line of business and managers.
Broadridge Financial Technology, New York, NY Remote (7-month Contract) 2021 Dec – June 2022
Technical Writer – Documentation Specialist
Created a Technical Dress Rehearsal (TDR) document as a user guide that describes the major elements involved in the production, delivery, UAT testing, and delivery of a new product to the client. Created a series of onboarding documents for new technology specialists and business analysts to acclimate them to the testing environment. Created Confluence pages on various topics related to testing and software development. Created an Excel spreadsheet that mapped the departments’ SharePoint referred that was used for searching through thousands of folders to find written documentation. Reviewed and consolidated multiple FRD documents. Completed over 30 requests for documentation to assist team members document their work and systems under development.

USAA Bank, Dallas, Tx Remote (7-month Contract) 2021 Jun – Dec 2021
Technical Writer through Kforce
Developed multiple job aids, process maps, and procedures for controls. Wrote new procedures and reviewed and edited existing documentation to assure compliance with policy and regulatory requirements. Developed PowerPoint presentations for reporting to audit and regulators. Conducted one-on-one interviews with SMEs to document APIs and conducted group conference calls to document how tasks operate internally in conjunction with other departments. Helped write and format a Functional Requirements Document (FRD) for new a system. Developed spreadsheets for tracking requirements and due dates reporting.
Blue Cross Blue Shield, Phoenix, Arizona (14-month Contract) 2020 Jan – Feb 2021
Technical Writer
Create over 100 business process maps using Visio detailing the functionality of a newly developed healthcare management system and the interaction between multiple systems and departments. Documented APIs to demonstrate how employees should perform their tasks. Procedures were created using Visio and one-on-one interviews with SMEs to provide step-by-step instructions for training and production staff to learn the new systems. All documents were tracked and uploaded into SharePoint and a knowledge management system.
Wells Fargo, Chandler, Arizona 2019 Apr – Dec 2019
Technology Division – Technical Writer (Contract)
Helped create documentation for the Technology Department to assist the Cyber Security team at Wells Fargo to document their Teradata Data Encryption Project using Visio maps to document the development and execution of enterprise-wide data encryption systems and processes. Converted existing Visio documentation to BPMN standard business process maps to help the encryption team identify current state and document how the team would achieve their end-product. I documented APIs and the SQL used for specific queries. I also wrote the report that corresponds to the Visio maps that describe the scanning and encryption process that describes the technical aspects of database encryption.
UNION BANK (MUFG), Tempe, Arizona 2018 Apr – 2018 Dec
Manager – Mortgage Division – Technical Writer (Contract)
Provided support in drafting new step-by-step procedures for call center scripts for agents on the phone to facilitate customers in completing their applications for unsecured consumer loans (UCL). Wrote new procedures and reviewed existing documents to assure compliance with policy and regulatory requirements. Uploaded these documents into a knowledge management system. Conducted one-on-one interviews with SMEs and conducted group conference calls to document how tasks operate internally in conjunction with other departments. Ensured documentation was audit-ready, functional, and accurate to reflect the Company's procedures, process flows, and controls. Ensured the evaluation of process flows and controls using the following techniques.
Worked with department SMEs to document APIs and helped revise policy and procedure documents and forms.
Led the documentation of gap analysis and designed test cases for UAT testing for the new sales portal system.
Reviewed content from the subject matter experts for completeness, level of detail, content organization, and overall readability.
Developed tracking methods using Excel for reporting statistics of all newly developed UCL documents. This documentation model was adopted by several other departments for reporting their department’s procedures for the UCL project.
Develop process Visio maps to match and reflect each procedure.

U.S Bank, Scottsdale, Arizona 2017 Oct – 2018 Mar
Technical Writer – Mortgage Division (Contract)
Facilitated collaboration with Subject Matter Experts, Risk and Compliance, and others as required to document procedural documentation and to accurately spearhead one-on-one interviews. Performed procedure and business process gap analysis.
Wrote and developed documents to support consistent implementation and ongoing execution against policy requirements, and documented APIs to show how employees execute their duties.
Uploaded all approved documentation into the internal website.
WELLS FARGO BANK, Chandler, Arizona 2017 Feb – 2017 Sept
Technical Writer – Technology Division (Contract)
Evaluated and assessed various processes within the Technology Department to composed business process maps using Visio to document and improve business processes. Gathered information to perform gap. Provided support and assistance to other teammates in documenting large processes that stem across multiple divisions and vendors.
Created process maps that outlined the technology group business processes and developed and streamlined Visio BPMN process workflows to match written documentation.
Liaised with SMEs and lead group conference calls as well as one-on-one interviews to determine how tasks operate internally in coordination with other departments.
BANK OF AMERICA, Chandler, Arizona 2016 Sept– 2017 Jan
Technical Writer – Mortgage Division (Contract)
Worked with internal teams to develop and update mortgage related procedures. Produced business process maps using Visio and wrote procedures to meet regulatory compliance requirements. Formed alliance with department managers, VPs, and subject matter experts (SMEs) in the mortgage industry to help develop documents scrutinized by banking regulators.
Drafted policies and procedures and published them on internal systems, including handouts, emails, quality control memos, references, and glossaries as well as proofread previously written documentation.
Developed project tracker in Excel with formulas to management 30 to 40 documents in revolving queue that required editing or the development of entirely new documents. Responsibilities for managing, also coordinated revision and publication efforts between multiple teams, managers, and SMEs. Ensured on-time delivery.
TOYOTA, Tempe, Arizona 2015 June– 2016 May
Technical Writer (Contract)
Led the policies & procedure development and document migration to a new system. Created spreadsheets to track team effort to re-designing over 3600 procedures in a call center environment. Divided each procedural document into smaller and more topic-specific documents to make them more searchable and readable for call agents searching for topics while on the phone with a customer.
Performed gap analysis to assure that production processes matched related documentation for regulatory compliance.
Redesigned documents for readability to be reloaded in a newly developed platform in Salesforce.
US Bank, Delaware & Kentucky 2014 July – 2015 May
Technical Writer
Traveled 75% to U.S bank locations to craft and redesign US Bank policies and procedures under a legal consent order and short time constraints. Gained familiarity with the bank process by working in collaboration with various subject matter experts (SMEs), and created a regulatory document approved by senior executives from each department.

WELLS FARGO, Tempe, Arizona 2013 Aug – 2014 May
Auto Finance 301 w Warner Rd Tempe: ad7d30@r.postjobfree.com
Technical Writer
Helped to write a 700+ page report that documented Wells Fargo’s credit scoring analytics model for auto finance credit scores for their auto loan customers. Included table of contents, references, and glossary and appendix into the report as well as hundreds of Excel charts and SAS diagrams incorporated into text that adhered to increasingly stringent fair lending laws and oversight by banking regulators. Used Madcap Flare to update documentation for analytics application.
Worked closely with model builders (SMEs) to document each phase of the process while ensuring regulatory compliance.
BANK OF AMERICA, Chandler, Arizona 2007 Apr – 2013 Jun
Technical Writer
Designed and developed technical and procedural training manuals including handouts, emails, quality control memos, proofread procedures and policies, and procedural documentation.
Collaborated with subject matter experts (SMEs) in the mortgage industry for documents reviewed by banking regulators.

EDUCATION & CREDENTIALS
Doctorate in Business Administration (DBA), Northcentral University 3.87 GPA, 2012
Masters Business Administration (MBA), University of Phoenix, Phoenix Arizona, GPA 3.25, 2006
Bachelors Business Administration (BSBA), University of Phoenix, Salt Lake City, Utah, GPA 3.56, 2003
Taught English, Communications and Business classes, local community college - Rio Salado Community College, 2009
Certificate - Cloud Practitioner 2023
Contact this candidate