POSITION Senior Technical Writer
SKILLS Plans, develops, delivers, and maintains technical content in small-scale corporate and enterprise organizations, owns entire documentation process.
Ensures that content deliverables are technically accurate, consistent, and that they conform to corporate branding guidelines.
Subject matter research, using online and in-house resources such as standards organizations and engineering, support, and product teams.
Can do, get it done spirit. The customer is the focal point for getting the job done right.
DESKTOP PUBLISHING Technical Writing, GitHub, Chicago Manual of Style, MS Style for Technical Publications, Project Management and Planning, Illustration/Page Layout, HTML, XML, FrameMaker, oXygen, MadCap Flare, SharePoint, PowerPoint, GitHub, Confluence, Acrobat, Adobe Creative Suite, Word, Visio, Dreamweaver, RoboHelp, Terminal emulations, such as PuTTY, Hyper, etc. Field Service Guides, User Guides, Maintenance Guides, Operating Procedures, Troubleshooting Guides, Register Reference Guides, SDK and API Guides, Data Sheets, Network Topology Diagrams.
TECHNICAL KNOWLEDGE Cloud Computing, Digital Video Technology, ODP, VoIP, 802.11, Network Authentication, Network Security, IAM, SQL, Client/Server, Microsoft Assistance Platform, Internet, Cloud, Ethernet, TCP/IP, LAN, ATM, XML, SOAP, Scientific Instrumentation, Scanning Probe Microscopy, Windows-Based Servers and Operating Systems, EU privacy compliance.
EMPLOYMENT
Nov 2023 to Present Senior Technical Writer/Editor, Seattle Public Utilities (Remote Contractor),
Seattle, WA
Copy edited and updated SPU’s Design Standards & Guidelines for 2024 release. Work included vetting documents for technical accuracy with document owners and PMs as well as insuring that style guidelines are consistently implemented. Great team of SMEs!
Aug 2023 to Nov 2023 Senior Technical Writer, Seagen (Remote Contractor), Bothel, WA
Updated corporate glossary of over 1400 terms for internal use. Researched and added/updated new and existing terms. Great gig! Learned a lot about biotechnology!
April 2023 to June 2023 Senior Technical Writer, Microsoft (Remote Contractor), Redmond, WA
Assessed and updated GDPR regulatory documentation for protecting European Union Data Boundary (EUDB) customer data transfers between the US and EU.
Sept 2022 to March 2023 Senior Technical Writer, Lululemon (Remote Contractor), Vancouver, BC/Seattle, WA
Worked with Lululemon’s Enterprise Engineering networking team to build out Confluence
documentation repository and landing pages. Also gathered standards and practice documentation for dissemination to company-wide engineering teams.
Feb 2022 to Sept 2022 Senior Technical Writer, Microsoft (Remote Contractor), Redmond, WA
Researched, developed, and published Microsoft’s Identity Access Management (IAM) team’s Zero Trust white paper. The paper provides information about how Microsoft implemented its Zero Trust paradigm for managing non-people service risks and vulnerabilities in a hybrid network environment. Internet and Cloud.
May 2021 to Dec 2021 Senior Technical Writer, Microsoft (Remote Contractor), Redmond, WA
Produced public facing Azure troubleshooting articles for Microsoft’s General Purpose Program Management team. All documentation is created and published in GitHub using Markdown. Internet, Ethernet, and Cloud.
Feb 2020 to May 2020 Senior Technical Writer, DocuSign (Contractor), Seattle, WA
Produced white papers and blog posts addressing how to assess DocuSign integrations when a company has been acquired by another.
Collaborated with writer in Chicago to produce support documentation for DocuSign’s Rooms product solution for business transactions.
Nov 2018 to Nov. 2019 Senior Technical Writer (Contractor), Q Analysts (Kirkland, WA)
Responsible for updating Microsoft’s Cognition team’s Confluence budget and procurement pages related to HoloLens virtual, augmented, and mixed reality projects.
Collaborated with HoloLens Design and Feature teams to create and update documentation for engineering teams and suppliers.
Collaborated with HoloLens Ground Truth Reality (GTR) team to produce bio-metric data gathering content for suppliers tasked with tagging features, such as eyes, hands, and human movement within various environments.
Dec 2015 to Nov 2018 Senior Content Analyst (Contractor/FTE), Expedia, Inc. (Bellevue, WA)
Responsible for creating and managing Expedia’s Network Services (eNS) department’s web-based documentation portal.
Wrote and published blog posts about various topics such as Cloud-based connectivity for Expedia brand properties. Collaborated with and mentored team members in creating authoritative documentation, including blogs, that best represented the department’s efforts and initiatives in a professional, informative manner. Used GitHub Markdown and Confluence.
Authored and developed process and standards documentation, co-authored as well as provided content edits and revisions for network architecture design, deployment and configuration guides, MOPs, and SOPs. Internet, Network Design, Cloud.
Worked with security compliance and policy engineers to update such documentation as needed.

Nov 2011 to 2015 Senior Technical Writer (v- Contractor), Microsoft. (Redmond, WA)
Revised, edited, provided additional content for network architecture, configuration, and BCDR documentation for Global Customer Contact Engineering’s IVR, VIVR, Skype, and VHT systems and solutions.
Responsible for drafting and revising network design standards, deployment guides, design package requirements, TSGs, and SOPs in collaboration with Global Network Services (GNS) design, operations, and implementation engineers. Documentation efforts also included managing documentation efforts for deploying Microsoft Office 365 and Azure services and their respective properties in the US and China. Also responsible for maintaining and organizing the GNS SharePoint repositories.
Created SharePoint governance guides that provide guidance for creating, reviewing, managing, and publishing documentation. This effort also included guidelines for giving access and permission to individuals who use the site.
Onboarded Data Center Fabrics TSGs and SOP into Microsoft’s centralized knowledge base for MOC and SOC incident management.
Dec 2011 to Dec 2012 Technical Writer/Editor (Consultant), Open Data Center Alliance (ODCA) .
Responsible for providing technical edits to ODCA’s usage model documentation that define data center requirements for enterprise IT and enterprise cloud consumer, cloud solution, and cloud provider organizations.
July 2011 to Nov 2011 Content Developer (Contractor), RN Patient Advocates of Puget Sound, PLLC. (Seattle, WA)
Collaborated with company’s principle owner in creating HTML content, and developing and publishing their new website.
Sept 2010 to June 2011 Senior Technical Writer (Contractor), RealNetworks. (Seattle, WA)
Responsible for managing RealNetworks’s Unifi media cloud library service documentation efforts. Planned and produced the service’s Developer Guide, API Reference, Operations Guide, and Metadata Security White Paper. Maintained the Unifi team’s internal Wiki pages. Documents were created in MadCap Flare.
May 2010 to July 2010 Senior Technical Writer (Contractor), Amazon. (Seattle, WA)
Responsible for developing and producing user, developer, and API documentation for the Amazon Web Service (AWS) cloud cluster compute offering. Documentation development and production involving single-sourced XML content, using Oxygen.
Aug 2009 to May 2010 Senior Technical Writer (Contractor), OpenMarket. (Seattle, WA)
Responsible for developing, revising, and publishing OpenMarket’s integration guide, product, SDK and API guides for their aggregated billing process. Also created templates to ensure consistency and quality control, and facilitated the document control process to ensure a best practice approach to the dissemination of material.

Oct 2007 to July 2009 Senior Technical Writer (Contractor), RealNetworks. (Seattle, WA)
Produced and developed Standard Operating and Maintenance Procedures, Troubleshooting Guides, and Network Topology diagrams for all services in production at Real. Also collaborated with network security engineers in producing Payment Card Industry (PCI) compliance documentation for Network Security Operations and IT groups.
July 2006 to Sept 2007 Senior Technical Writer (Staff), Action Engine. (Bellevue, WA)
Responsible for planning, developing, and producing the Action Engine MAP SDK Guide, and the Action Engine MAP Administration Guide. This includes incorporating API and AEML content into the documentation set. All documentation formats are based on PDF and HTML Help.
Dec. 2006 to May 2006 Senior Technical Writer (Contractor), Microsoft. (Redmond, WA)
Produced the Windows Live Human Interface Guide for graphic designers, media developers, content authors, and others involved in the design and implementation of the Windows Live product family. Responsible for formatting and maintaining web content. This includes updating content, source code, JAVA scripts, and controlling content under CVS management
July 2005 to Dec.2005 Senior Technical Writer (Contractor), Microsoft. (Redmond, WA)
Responsible for planning, developing, and producing the Assistance Platform (AP) Adoption Guide for Microsoft’s AP User Experience group with Microsoft’s style guide. This document provided a high-level overview of Microsoft’s Assistance Platform in relation to the customer feedback loop within a continuous publishing environment.
Aug 2003 to Apr 2005 Senior Technical Writer (Staff), TeleSym, Inc. (Bellevue, WA)
Project Lead. Responsible for planning, developing, and producing end-user documentation for company’s SymPhone Enterprise VoIP System. These documents included user, installation, API, troubleshooting, and system administrator guides as well as on-line help, release notes, and data sheets. Developed corporate template for all documents, consistent with marketing requirements.
March 2003 to Aug 2003 Senior Technical Writer (Contractor), MediaLinq, Inc. (San Francisco, CA)
Planned, developed, and produced an SDK reference for company’s business-to-business transaction messaging protocol. This toolkit is based on SOAP and XML for processing and sending documents and messages via fax or email.
May 2000 to Nov 2002 Senior Technical Writer (Contractor), Broadcom Corporation. (San Jose, CA)
Project Lead. Planned, researched, and produced data sheets, API, programmer and register reference guides, and user manuals for broadband semiconductor products that include digital video, TCP/IP, and VoIP. Responsible for the implementation, publication of HTML-based register database information to the web, which streamlined the process for developing printed register reference guides.
Feb 2000 to May 2000 Senior Technical Writer (Contractor), Jetstream Communications. (San Jose, CA)
Project Lead. Planned, researched, and developed administration guide for company’s VoIP gateway server product.
Sept 1999 to Jan 2000 Senior Technical Writer (Contractor), Hewlett Packard. (Cupertino, CA)
Project Lead. Planned and produced hardware installation manuals for HP's Network Server Division.
June 1999 to Sept 1999 Senior Technical Writer (Contractor), ARC Research. (San Jose, CA)
Planned and produced hardware configuration and installation guides for LAN/WAN, SCSI/RAID storage system.
May 1998 to May 1999 Senior Technical Writer (Contractor), Shoreline Communications. (Sunnyvale, CA)
Planned and produced hardware and software documentation for VoIP switch and system administrator interfaces. Responsible for implementation and delivery of electronic documentation in digital formats such as HTML and Acrobat.
May 1997 to Apr 1998 Senior Technical Writer/Webmaster (Staff), TopoMetrix Corp. (Santa Clara, CA)
Project Lead. Planned and produced technical documentation and marketing collateral for the company’s scanning probe microscopes. Responsible for coordinating projects with outside contractors and vendors. Introduced electronic delivery of technical documentation. Planned and authored company’s website.
Apr. 1996 to Apr 1997 Technical Writer (Staff), Cisco Systems, Inc. (San Jose, CA)
Researched, planned, and produced technical manuals for network concentrators, hubs, ATM modules, LAN switches, and network management software. Member of CMS/CD-Test team responsible for implementation of document archival and HTML conversion system.
Oct.1993 to Apr.1996 Technical Writer (Staff), WYSE Technology. (San Jose, CA)
Produced standard product and OEM technical manuals and sales material for X-window and character-based terminals. Member of R&D team responsible for researching FDDI, ATM, ISDN, MPEG, and JPEG for use with multimedia display terminals connected to the Internet and World Wide Web. Participated in design and implementation of new website. Member of team responsible for ISO 9000 certification.
Jan. 1991 to Sept 1993 Technical Writer (Staff), Advantech Co., Ltd. (Taipei, Taiwan R.O.C.).
Organized and managed technical publications department. Produced and released hardware and software manuals, company newsletters, product catalogs, and sales brochures for Industrial PC and data acquisition and control product lines. Researched and implemented LAN at Taipei office.
ORGANIZATIONS Volunteer Editor, North East Seattle (NEST).
Provide occasional edits and revisions to the organization’s collateral material for training purposes. NEST is a grass-roots community dedicated to ensuring that as residents of North East Seattle grow older, they can continue to live safely and confidently in their own homes.
EDUCATION BA English/Creative Writing (San Jose State University)
MFA Creative Writing (Fairleigh Dickinson University)
MILITARY United States Navy
Performed duties as an Operations Specialist aboard the USS Coral Sea (CV-43) in the Operations Intelligence division. This division is part of the ship’s Combat Information Center (CIC). Duties included assimilating intelligence from various shipboard systems and disseminating it to various entities throughout the ship.
TRAINING Completed Cisco Systems Planning and Crisis Management Program.
Completed WYSE Technology Management Development Program.
Contact this candidate