Ankita Bhattacharya
Technical Writer
Professional Summary
Professional Technical Writer and Communication Specialist and Instructional Designer with 3 years of proven experience, looking for exposure to business/technical documentation in financial technologies. I have worked in a fast-paced environment demonstrating comprehensive business analysis, and the ability to translate complex technical concepts into clear, concise user-friendly content, often acting as an information bridge between business users, designers, and product owners.
I have often relied on storyboarding and data storytelling methods to communicate concepts.
I look forward to employing my technical writing and business analysis skills to enhance communication, project documentation quality, and operational efficiency.
General Skills
● Extensive exposure in developing Technical Documentation, online help, Business Process Documents, and Standard Operating Procedures.
● Independent contributor for various documentation topics including cloud infrastructure administration and management, SSO integrations, SaaS platform release guides, and regulatory, and compliance documents.
● Expertise in SDLC and DDLC, active participation in the product document development life cycle.
● Proficient in AWS Cloud services and migration strategies.
● Strong experience with documentation tools such as Confluence, Jira, and Markdown.
● Excellent written and verbal communication skills, and stakeholder management.
● Ability to translate complex technical concepts into user-friendly language.
● Ideation and development of use case diagrams, and workflows of the requirement to define the business.
● Creation of Product Documents, Management Presentations, and Product Presentations.
● Implementation of Instructional Design methods to generate training materials for new hires and business users. Creation of instructional content, including videos and tutorials.
● Keen attention to detail and commitment to accuracy.
● Strong collaboration skills and ability to work with cross-functional teams.
● Professional integrity, positive attitude, and ability to quickly master new concepts, strong aptitude towards learning new technologies and sharing ideas.
Tools Used
Operating Systems: Windows (NT/8/9/10/11), MAC OS
Programming Language: Command Prompt, Terminal, C, C++, Java Data Analysis: Oracle, SQL Server, MS Access, PL/SQL Microsoft Office Tools: Word, Excel, Visio, PPT
Single-sourcing Tools: Vasont, Author IT
Browser: Safari, Internet Explorer, Mozilla Firefox, TOR Collaboration Tools: Perforce, GitHub, Confluence, Teams, Slack, SharePoint Ticket Tracking Tools: JIRA, ServiceNow
Web Technologies: JS Bin, HTML, XML, CSS, Markdown Authoring Tools: MSWord, DITA, Notepad++, MadCap Flare Design Tools: Adobe Photoshop, Adobe Sketch, Adobe Fresco, Adobe Illustrator, Figma, Figjam
Experience
Citibank (Contract via Synechron) June 2022 - December 2023 Mississauga, Ontario, Canada
Technology Associate (Technical Writer)
● Collaborated with SMEs/Product owners to document cloud architecture, migration strategies, and deployment plans.
● Conducted interviews with business users to gather requirements, brainstormed with the UX Design team, and conveyed the same to the development team. Walked through the updates with the team and developed help documents before reviewing them with the Product Owner to ensure the accuracy of the content. Communicated the changes to the users before a production launch.
● Prepared and delivered business reviews to the senior management team regarding progress and roadblocks.
● Created a variety of technical documents, like installation guides, system configurations, and process workflows.
● Developed best practices and guidelines for cloud migration, contributing to smoother transitions and enhanced system performance.
● Translated technical concepts into easy-to-understand language for non-technical audiences, enhancing user experience and comprehension.
● Regularly updated and maintained existing API documentation to reflect the latest software releases, changes, and enhancements.
● Worked closely with development teams to stay informed about upcoming features and changes in the API, ensuring documentation remained accurate and updated.
● Took over former documentation team and project midway through the process.
● Collaborated with cross-functional teams to gain a better understanding of the project and its progress.
● Revised and updated user stories and the project plan to stay on task and complete all documentation on time.
● Conducted user research and created user-personas.
● Utilized tools like Confluence, Jira, and GitHub to maintain documentation and track changes.
● Design and implement basic SQL queries for testing and report/data validation.
● Played a key role in reducing post-production issues by providing thorough, accessible user training materials and system documentation. Hash Cash Consultants January 2021 - June 2022
Kolkata, West Bengal, India
Technical Writer (Crypto Analyst)
● Extensive research on blockchain use cases: Presented facts from scientific research papers and journals to back the company’s stand on the benefits of blockchain adoption.
● Developed content strategy and planned and executed a marketing campaign.
● Generated informative reads focused on virtual currency adoption and developments in the decentralized currency space to drive business development.
● Compiled content and support documents for the CEO’s TEDx speeches.
● Promoted the company’s DeFi products and services on relevant platforms to garner interest.
● Formulated a brand development strategy that raised the company’s rank in the listings.
● Drafted Press Releases highlighting the successes of blockchain adoption across industries.
● Documented case studies and white papers: Discussed prospects and possibilities of binding real-life business yields to a digital asset, rewarding repeat users.
● Introduced Data Journalism practice to drive cryptocurrency adoption by highlighting Bitcoin and Ethereum's growth trajectory and growth forecasts.
Bong Connect Webzine March 2012 - March 2013
Kolkata, West Bengal, India
Editor
● Cover story: Selected a theme and related cover story for the month.
● Wrote and assigned subjects for articles.
● Wrote advertisement copies of sponsor events/businesses.
● Proofread articles from other contributors.
● Edited the final draft.
IBM GPS (Daksh) October 2011 - March 2012
Kolkata, India
Tech Support Executive
● Remote resolving system issues
● Cleanups
● Installing antivirus
● Subscription renewals
● Customer service and retention
Education
Indira Gandhi National Open University, India
Master of Computer Application (MCA), 2013 - 2016
Sikkim Manipal University, India
Bachelor of Computer Application (BCA), 2007 - 2011 Certifications
Oracle 10g SQL/PL SQL (Oracle)
Data Storytelling (Coursera)
Languages
● Bengali - Native Proficiency (Verbal and written)
● English - Professional (Verbal and written)
● Hindi - Professional (Verbal and written)
● French - Elementary (Verbal and written)
Volunteering
● Ocean Blue Project
● Catchafire.org
Contact this candidate