David Brodeur (D.J.)
Technical Writer and Technical Support Expert
** **** **** ****
Rochester, NH 03867
610-***-****
ad7jnm@r.postjobfree.com
About me
A highly skilled technical writer and technical support expert with a strong background in effectively communicating a wide variety of complex technical information, creating user-friendly documentation, manuals, and instructional materials. Additionally, experienced in providing exceptional technical support to ensure optimal customer satisfaction. In my previous role, I have demonstrated the ability to bridge the gap between technical concepts and non-technical users, through clear and concise communication and a commitment to delivering high-quality work while meeting tight deadlines. Skills, traits, and programs used
● Able to efficiently work remotely with a
team or individually.
● Experienced in quality control
● Skilled at technical and non-technical
focused content creation
● Knowledge Base Management
● Able to juggle multiple products and
projects at once
● Madcap Flare (3 years)
● JIRA ticketing (6 years)
● Linux (Approx 1 year)
● Adobe Framemaker
● SharePoint
● PowerPoint
● M365
● Google Workspace
● Lucidchart
● Snagit
● Zendesk (3 years)
● Salesforce
● Information Architecture
● Product research
● XML
● Microsoft Access
● Canva
● Creative writing
● Customer service
● Information security
Workplace accomplishments
● Part of the team responsible for migrating and updating the Datto Knowledge Base from publishing with Zendesk to publishing with Madcap Flare using Salesforce.
● Responsible for rebranding and reorganizing the Backupify/Datto SaaS Protection knowledge base articles into multiple new databases.
● Handled the creation of the Datto Secure Edge Knowledge Base articles in preparation for the upcoming product launch, working closely with the engineering teams responsible for developing the product.
2
Experience
Technical Writer
Luxoft
July 2023 to September 2023
● Created, maintained, and updated the product technical documentation for technical and non-technical audiences.
● Updated documentation for latest version of Adobe Framemaker. Technical Writer
Datto - Boston, MA
March 2020 to December 2022
● Developed and curated an expansive knowledge base with articles tailored for both internal stakeholders and external partners of Datto's product portfolio.
● Collaborated seamlessly with cross-functional teams, including engineers, marketers, and product managers, fostering a profound comprehension of product lines and the intricate documentation needs of Kaseya/Datto products
● Demonstrated a wealth of expertise in generating technical documentation adhering to precise style guidelines, coupled with a track record of crafting comprehensive style guides for knowledge base optimization.
● Showcased an unwavering commitment to delivering top-tier documentation, meticulously attending to grammar, spelling, and punctuation details.
Technical Support Expert
Datto Inc
April 2016 to October 2020
● Primary responsibilities are support for the Backupify cloud-based backup solutions.
● Additionally, provided support for Datto backup devices and Datto Drive FSS. Technical Support Expert
Unisys Technical Services, Inc
February 2014 to April 2016
● Performed technical support for the American Red Cross, working with other technicians and users around the country.
● Used, edited, and created helpdesk articles and walkthroughs for processes that often had to meet government regulations and standards.
Education
Eastern University
St. David’s, PA
2003-2007
A list of references and a sampling of my technical writing experience can be made available upon request.
Contact this candidate