SONDRA MENTHERS - QA ANALYST, WEB DESIGNER, SENIOR TECHNICAL WRITER
702-***-**** ad7l63@r.postjobfree.com
Professional Summary
QA Roles - Evaluated and tested new and modified software programs and software development procedures used to verify that programs function according to user requirements and conform to established guidelines. Wrote, revised, and verified quality standards and tested procedures for program design and product evaluation to ascertain quality of software for several large Casinos and Video game companies. Scrum Master Certified. AWS, Unreal Engine, and Junos certified. Excellent attention to detail while testing and creating test plans. Tested games and wrote bugs in Jira.
Web Development Roles - Developed Sphere Entertainment Interactive website in WordPress, HTML and CSS. Wrote Engineering, Process, User, Product and Marketing documentation for entertainment and gaming industries including Sphere Entertainment/MSG, Disney, Hulu, Riot Games, Gamblit Gaming, DIRECTV, Ericsson Television, Station Casinos, and AT&T. Converted Word documents to HTML to load on websites and for online help options from various software packages. Edited shared Wiki pages using Confluence.
Certifications
Unreal Engine Blueprints Scripting - Udemy 2024
Unreal Engine the complete Beginners Course - Udemy 2023
AWS Cloud Practitioner AWS Training and Certification Issued May 2023
AWS Essentials Certified – Udemy 2019
JNCIA Juniper Networks Certified Associate – Udemy 2019
Scrum Developer Certified – scrumstudy.com - 2018
WordPress Workflow Certified - 2018
Six Sigma Yellow Belt Certified
Mercury Quick Test Professional 8.0 Certified
Identify Appsite Black Box Testing Certified
Currently studying for AWS Certified Developer certificate via Cloud Academy
Technical Skills
Wiki creation and development using Atlassian Confluence.
Desktop Publishing: FrameMaker, PageMaker, MS-Word, MS-Office
Graphics/flowchart design: Gimp, SolidWorks, Visio, AutoCAD, Photoshop, Illustrator, LucidChart.
Web Developer tools: WordPress, PHP, CSS, FrontPage, Dreamweaver, HTML, XML, JavaScript
Game development testing using Unity and Unreal Game Engines, creating builds for Android devices, and creating bugs in Jira. Setting up Kanban boards and running daily scrum meetings.
Experience
Sphere Entertainment Co - Full Time - 1/2022-Present Senior Technical Writer/QA Game Development Creating Sphere Interactive website in WordPress and HTML to showcase games developed by the Interactive team for the Las Vegas Sphere venue. Writing documentation in Confluence for Game Design Kits for the Sphere, a multi-media gaming and entertainment platform located in Las Vegas, NV. Documentation is for innovative and immersive interactive gaming and entertainment experiences. My role requires knowledge of Unity and Unreal game engines, using GitHub and Perforce for software, and gathering troubleshooting information during testing and installation of gaming prototypes as well as attending daily Scrum meetings and writing Jira tickets. Other tasks include testing game prototypes and writing Jira tickets, creating Kanban boards for projects in Jira and documenting all steps to reproduce bugs.

Hulu/Disney Streaming May 2019 to 1/2022 – Compliance Technical Writer
Wrote SOX, CCPA, PII, PCI, SOC 1 type II, and SOC 2 documentation for Hulu's Technical Operations group and created LucidCharts flowcharts, created JIRA tickets, and Confluence pages. created runbooks, policies and procedures, and process documents. Attended Scrum meetings and created documentation as software changes are approved and developed. Systems documented include AWS, Linux, ServiceNow, and Windows.

Riot Games via WWT contract - June 2018 – April 2019 - Infrastructure Technical Writer
Wrote infrastructure documentation using Confluence, HTML, JavaScript, Gimp, Visio, Google docs, and other graphics programs in a Scrum Agile environment. ·
Created Data Center Floor Plans using Visio and gif animation. ·
Wrote Juniper Networks documentation runbooks for troubleshooting various network configurations. ·
Created interactive Data Center maps.

Twilio Inc (remote) – 2018 – Compliance Technical Writer
Documented SOX, PII and PCI compliance policies and procedures.

ReachLocal, Woodland Hills, CA April 2017-August 2017 – Compliance Technical Writer
Documented SOX, PII and PCI compliance policies and procedures. Updated Confluence pages and JIRAs. Documented Financial processes.

Gamblit Gaming, Glendale, CA Jan 2016-Aug 2015 – Gaming API Technical Writer
Wrote GDK documentation, hardware installation manuals, tested games. Wrote and edited game design documents. Organized and maintained company SharePoint Document Control and Confluence pages. Documents written in FrameMaker 2015, MSOffice and HTML/JavaScript/PHP. Visio, SolidWorks and GIMP graphics design. Interviewed SMEs.

Playtika, Santa Monica, CA, March 2014 -May 2015 Gaming API Technical Writer/QA Tester
Wrote API documentation and integration manuals for mobile, tablet and web software development group for gaming applications. · Worked in a SCRUM Agile environment. Wrote SOX compliance policies and procedures. Interviewed SMEs in all phases of the company for IT, design, development, and process information. Queried Vertica database using dB Visualizer to create Data Warehouse documentation.

MGM Mirage Casino, Las Vegas, NV, Oct 2007-Mar 2008 QA Analyst
Conducted black box testing, developed application test plans and test scripts for slot machines, IGT Patron Management player tracking system, and IGT Advantage Slot Accounting system.
Developed test plans and test scripts for LMS, Stratus and Opera Hotel Reservation Systems.
Wrote test plans and test scripts for CBS Race and Sports systems.
Analyzed risks for financial impact of all bugs and issues. Tracking all bugs, issues, and changes for SOX and GCB compliance.
Created SQL queries using Query Analyzer for database verification for regulatory compliance, PCI and PII issues. Tested SQL stored procedures.
Created all testing documentation including Test Scope, Test Reports, Risk Assessments, and Test Results Analysis.
Tested AS400 applications for LMS.
Tested .NET applications.
Attended design reviews.
Used SharePoint Document Control 2007 to upload and download documents from libraries to share with team members.

Wynn Casino, Las Vegas, NV Mar 2007- Sept 2007 QA Analyst
Conducted black box testing, developed application test plans and test scripts for slot machines, IGT Patron Management player tracking system, and IGT Advantage Slot Accounting system for short-term project at The Wynn Casino.
Created SQL queries using Query Analyzer and tested stored procedures.
Ran test scripts using Mercury Quick Test Professional.
Tracked bugs using Altiris.

Bechtel Saic, (BSC), Las Vegas, NV Oct. 2006 - Feb.2007 Sr. Systems Analyst DoD Defense Contract
Conducted black box testing, developed and maintained software applications using JavaScript, HTML, ASP and .NET for a Calculation database program running under Oracle 8i.
Wrote user documentation for software applications. Wrote and developed test plans and test cases for the Yucca Mountain Project.
Project manager for calculation database program.
Test lead for regression test plans for all team members projects.
Created tables and schemas for Oracle 8i and 9.2 database using TOAD.
Created architecture diagrams and ITIL flow diagrams using Visio.
Ran test scripts for upgrades, patches, and system outages.
Accomplishments
At Sphere Entertainment, tested gaming prototypes built using the Unity and Unreal Engines and saved to Android devices and multi-node platforms using nDisplay. Platforms contained curved, spherical output and multiple nodes. Documented steps to reproduce bugs and created Jira tickets. On the Race and Sports Book Project at Station Casinos 2004-2006, developed complex Excel spreadsheets to calculate all bet types and amounts & all possible outcomes for unusual circumstances such as horses scratched, pitchers changed, races cancelled, or house pools exceeded. After developing those calculations, wrote test scripts in Mercury QTP 8.0 to automate all possible outcomes by parameterizing the different bet type amounts, bet types, payout amounts. Developed test plans and wrote appropriate user documentation as required by gaming regulations. Business analysis of gaming applications for requirements documents. Analyzed requirements, user requests, and application specs for SOX and GCB compliance.
At AT&T UNIX Systems Laboratories, lead a 10-person documentation team to complete all UNIX System SVR4 documentation including Programmers Guides, Users Guides, Installation and Maintenance Guides, marketing brochures, and supervised all editing and submission of documentation for publishing.
Contact this candidate