PAMELA HOWELL 908-***-****
OBJECTIVE
Consulting expert with 34 years of technical writing, business analysis, project management, security, and system administration experience seeks her next challenge. Detailed knowledge of software development, financial, pharmaceutical, and telecom industries.Thrives in agile environments, with team or standalone, on-site, remote, or hybrid. SKILLS
OPERATING SYSTEMS
AIX, HP/UX, NetBSD, FreeBSD Pyramid OS, Solaris, SUN OS Linux (various), Mac OS UNIX System V
MS-DOS (various) Windows XP/Vista/7/8/10/11
PROGRAMMING LANGUAGES (PRIMARILY READ, ALTHOUGH I SCRIPT AND WRITE TAGGED LANGUAGES) Basic, C, C++ Java, Javascript, J++, Markdown
CGI, CSS, DITA, HTML JSON Perl, Python,, RSS, XML,YAML DATABASE TECHNOLOGIES
Microsoft Access Oracle
MongoDB SharePoint 2007, 2010, 2013, 2016, Online
MySQL SQL Server
NoSQL Sybase
PROJECT TOOLS
Adobe Acrobat Professional git, GitHub, PVCS, sccs, Subversion Rally Adobe Captivate, Illustrator Google Cloud Platform GCP Remedy Adobe Muse, Premiere Google Docs / Drive RoboHelp/Demo Amazon Workspaces AWS Jira RSA Archer
Atlassian Markdown Salesforce
awk, nawk, sed, make Microsoft Azure DevOps ServiceNow Brainshark Microsoft Office 365 Splunk
Confluence Microsoft SharePoint (admin/designer) SnagIt Crystal Reports Microsoft Teams Tableau
cshell, kshell, shell, bash nroff, troff Tridion
ed, vi, emacs Oxygen XML editor Visio
Doc-to-Help pic, cip, tbl, eqn, mm XMetal XML editor Doxygen PowerAutomate Yammer
FrameMaker PowerShell Zoom
EXPERIENCE
9/2023 - 6/2024 FAMILY CARE TIMEOUT
Father developed early Alzheimer’s and is now settled into his memory care assisted living, I’m clear to return to work. 6/2023 - 9/2023 CIGNA / EVERNORTH, NEWARK NJ
SENIOR TECHNICAL WRITER, DEVOPS ECOSYSTEM (CONSULTANT)
● Rewriting documents and knowledge base scripts to keep all current, relevant, easy to search, and streamlined. Currently, hundreds to thousands of processes are documented but in various places and some are irrelevant.
● Sorting through existing content while creating new documentation for new processes.
● Working closely with the Application Development team to ask questions, not afraid to pick up the phone and ask.
● Creating and maintaining documentation used by the DevOps support team within the same organization who tap into the documents based on questions asked by the technical team. The support team looks for the information, if it is missing/an oversight, or if they need to escalate the issue to Tier 2.
● All documentation is in Confluence, ticketing is in Jira for development issues and ServiceNow for outages/incidents. OCTOBER 2024 PAGE 1 OF 5
PAMELA HOWELL 908-***-****
1/2023 - 2/2023 GOOGLE, NEW YORK CITY NY
TECHNICAL WRITER III (CONSULTANT)
● Critical work on Google’s cloud-based Privacy Sandbox, creating proposals for the platform to be private by default, while retaining its thriving and open ecosystem. Supporting content primarily written on developer.chrome.com and in individual GitHub repositories.
● Technical writer on the Chrome Developer Relations (Web DevRel) team: editing, structuring, restructuring, and writing cloud API interface content for web developers, adtech developers, and internal developers.
● Writing developer-facing content, primarily in Markdown, in GitHub repositories, and in Google Docs. Content includes: overview documentation, guides, technical explainers (proposals for APIs, web standards), and blog posts.
● Working through existing docs issues queue, reviewing pull requests for changes, and fixing or recommending fixes for issues. Speaking with engineers or people in DevRel to determine how best to fix any problems.
● Reading and understanding source code written in JavaScript, HTML, CSS, and Markdown. 4/2022 - 11/2022 EDWARD JONES, ST. LOUIS MO
SENIOR DATA GOVERNANCE OPERATIONS TECHNICAL WRITER (CONSULTANT)
● Designing, developing, and maintaining clear, consistent materials (including training, documentation, implementation plans, etc.) to provide point-of-need support for Data Governance end-users.
● Providing consistent cloud-based process information across all documentation and content repositories.
● Researching, designing, implementing, and maintaining documentation using advanced SharePoint features.
● Focusing on content management, site branding, workflows, and transitioning between web design/content storage.
● Responsible for corporate-wide SharePoint, organizing cloud-based site structures and content, applying access control, and adding graphics.
2/2021 - 3/2022 PHARMAPACKS, LAKE SUCCESS NY
SENIOR TECHNICAL WRITER / ANALYST (EMPLOYEE) - Reports directly to the Chief Technical Officer.
● Advising, preparing, revising, and maintaining C-level communications including policies, best practices, and proof of concept testing. Markdown, git, PowerAutomate, Salesforce, Confluence, and Jira are used extensively. Capturing, grooming, and progressing Epics, Stories, and Features through Jira for team members as needed.
● Preparing, reviewing, revising, and maintaining technical documents including software, systems engineering, cloud-based API interfaces, mobile requirements, systems operations, ADA compliance testing, feedback forms, and user/quick reference guides.
● Gathering and analyzing technical and product information from various sources to document new and changing cloud-based product functionality, training others in the use of new product functions and gathering system test results/feedback for Amazon Work Spaces (AWS), Azure DevOps, Google Cloud Platform (GCP), GoogleMeet, Salesforce, Zoom, and Microsoft Teams for comparative performance testing.
● Partnering with engineering teams to create internal API and infrastructure documentation throughout the development life cycle, primarily using Markdown, HTML, CSS, DITA, XML, and associated taxonomy tools. 3/2019 – 12/2020 DELOITTE, PRINCETON NJ
CONTENT MANAGEMENT SPECIALIST (CONSULTANT) - SENIOR TECHNICAL WRITER
● Guiding Content Management group moving from legacy to next-generation content management system.
● Gathering, writing, revising, and releasing technical materials to cloud-based research platforms using a variety of XML and DITA tools (Oxygen, XMetal), Documentum, SDL Tridion, FrameMaker, Azure DevOps, Microsoft Teams, Salesforce, PowerAutomate, and SharePoint Online. Running scrum, design, and review meetings.
● Working with Global Audit & Assurance business stakeholders as well as daily coordination with a remote content team of 36. Materials are used by auditors worldwide to execute high-quality Audit and Assurance engagements.
● Coordinating and executing the publication of cloud-based technical materials including short instructional videos created in RoboHelp/HTML and RoboDemo, then integrated using CGI. Assuring localized content for each country around the world is accounted for while not being adversely impacted.
● Documenting and updating cloud-based processes and procedures for legacy systems, interim system upload and maintenance steps to next-generation systems, and coordinating using Microsoft Azure DevOps tools. Capturing, grooming, and progressing Epics, Stories, and Features through Azure DevOps for team members as needed.
● Transitioning to a new content system based on SDL Tridion including cloud-based API documentation in Markdown and XML Maintaining two-platform content alignment including taxonomy until legacy system sunsets. OCTOBER 2024 PAGE 2 OF 5
PAMELA HOWELL 908-***-****
1/2018 – 1/2019 MORGAN STANLEY, NEW YORK NY
SENIOR COMMUNICATIONS SPECIALIST, END USER TECH (CONSULTANT) - SENIOR TECHNICAL WRITER
● Driving communications plan and delivery for a transformative end-user technology to Windows 10, Office 2016 and 365. The effort includes analysis, planning, and deliverable development including short instructional videos created using RoboHelp/HTML and RoboDemo.
● Liaising with vendors for general content, working closely with internal teams to tailor and enhance content for delivery to 85,000 employees worldwide. Integrating Salesforce data with email templates for improved delivery.
● Running and reporting on scrum, design, and review meetings.
● Designing high-impact visualizations, structured information, and effective storylines for executive presentations.
● Developing a cohesive marketing strategy and communications plan to support end-user product adoption.
● Developing, analyzing, collecting, and tracking end-user feedback including performance testing for AWS, Azure DevOps, and GCP. Capturing, grooming, and progressing Epics, Stories and Features through Azure DevOps.
● Creating internal cloud-based API documentation to support the integration of internal and external systems using Markdown, HTM, CSS, and associated documentation and taxonomy tools, storing docs as code using Github.
● Promoting consistent messaging, processes, and alignment, working closely with program and product management. 11/2016 - 1/2018 INJURY TIMEOUT
Accident (rear-ended at stop sign) 10/29/2016, extreme spine symptoms, neurosurgery 6/2017. Cleared to return to work. 5/2016 – 11/2016 COMCAST, PHILADELPHIA PA
SENIOR TECHNICAL WRITER/ANALYST, INFORMATION AND INFRASTRUCTURE SECURITY (CONSULTANT) Policy: Interacting with general counsel, GCISO, CPISO, EVPs, SVPs, senior leaders, and architects, to clarify and strengthen security policies and guidelines. Running scrums. Writing, revising, editing, storing on cloud systems. Communication: Writing, revising, and editing security operations procedures, secure coding procedures, API documentation, Gherkins/Ruby/DevOps procedures, and monthly articles to employees (140,000+) on security topics. Weekly security team internal newsletter to 200 teammates, infographic design, websites, top ten security tips, technical and end-user manuals. Expert in Excel, Visio, Markdown, HTML, CSS, taxonomy, and various cloud-based tools. Awareness: Annual roadshow to sites throughout the United States, including web design, game design and QA using RoboHelp/HTML, organization materials, and scheduling. The academic and industry conference, CyberSEED, includes annually-revised capture the flag competition, secure coding hackathon, social engineering challenge, lightning talks, and world-class speakers. Web design, organizing, and backing up to cloud systems. http://www.csi.uconn.edu/cyberseed 11/2015 – 3/2016 JOHNSON & JOHNSON GLOBAL IT SERVICES, RARITAN NJ SENIOR COMMUNICATIONS SPECIALIST (CONSULTANT) - SENIOR TECHNICAL WRITER
● Writing, proofreading, editing and publishing all communications including user guides, quick references, help guides, mobile security and BYOD policies, FAQs, installation guides, town hall training, and other materials. The audience is the entire global operating company (180,000 total). Expert in tools including website design, wikis, AWS, Salesforce, SharePoint, Confluence, RoboHelp, Markdown, Acrobat, Excel, Word, Visio, and PowerPoint.
● Designing, writing, revising, proofreading, and editing playbooks, plans, updates, and quarterly/annual reports.
● Reviewing, documenting, and revising plans, user guides, functionality and stakeholder matrices, training materials, and FAQs for mobile endpoint security product using the above tools, pivotal member of controlled introduction team.
● Troubleshooting installation and use issues for Office 365, AWS/BYOD, Salesforce, and mobile endpoint security products, among first controlled introduction and proof of concept (PoC) users/testers, frequently using Jenkins, Ruby, cloud-based and custom-built tools, and custom APIs. Communicating urgent workarounds to the PoC community via email, and documenting both APIs and testing issues using RoboHTML/CSS, CGI, HTML, XML, Markdown, RoboDemo, wikis, Confluence, taxonomy tools, and SharePoint. OCTOBER 2024 PAGE 3 OF 5
PAMELA HOWELL 908-***-****
1/2015 – 11/2015 COMCAST, PHILADELPHIA PA
SENIOR COMMUNICATIONS SPECIALIST (CONSULTANT) - SENIOR TECHNICAL WRITER
● Designing and developing X1 incident and release communication playbook, using ITIL and SDLC methods per client standards, working with division and national teams.
● Coordinating streamlined communications processes across internal and new multiple-system operator partner teams. Understanding IP networks and technologies.
● Devising a 170-point incident interaction swimlane diagram for clarity, distilling it into a 10-step 1-page checklist backed by a 50-page detailed instruction manual. My superior performance led to immediate checklist and diagram adoption by CTO and other leaders, aiding board discussions, and significantly reducing pain points in many areas.
● Setting standards for agile “just enough” cloud-based release, runbook, and API development documentation, assisting teams in meeting docs requirements where one-week sprints are common and dates are highly changeable.
● Live-transcribing scrums and design sync meetings to assure release information and design requirements are accurate as rapid agile release details morph. Running scrum, change control board, incident, and design meetings. Capturing, grooming, and progressing Epics, Stories, and Features through custom Jira processes, then communicating actions and status via email.
● Developing change control board standard operating procedures, internal team and external training materials using RoboHelp, and design/API documentation for integrating Jira, Remedy, and ServiceNow systems. Expert in Word, Excel, Visio, Adobe Suite, Salesforce, SharePoint, Confluence, HTML, XML, CSS, Markdown, and taxonomy tools.
● Live updating change tickets during daily change control board meetings, team reviews ~400 changes per week.
● Testing and reporting on design changes in sandboxed Jira Salesforce, and ServiceNow environments, leading to improved performance and usability for change and release management teams during system transitions.
● Revising format for senior leadership team two-week look-ahead plan, increasing usability and clarity. Assisting change managers in editing the plan, keeping it up to date and ready for presentation daily or at any moment.
● Locating, revising, and publishing release notes across all X1 platform system elements weekly, assuring availability for division and field staff on an open SharePoint site. Following up with teams about missing release notes. Archiving aged release notes as appropriate and with legal team retention guidance.
● Creating a comprehensive (2000+ term) searchable glossary by researching and collating terms and acronyms across organization-wide Confluence and SharePoint content, providing cloud-based access to all headquarters, division, and national staff, eliminating confusion and frustration during onboarding and all project phases.
● Archiving out-of-date content on Confluence, SharePoint, Salesforce, wikis, websites, and other content management sites, establishing archival procedures using Jenkins, Ruby, RoboDemo, and custom-built cloud-based tools. 2/2011 – 8/2022 CATALYTIC RESOURCES INCORPORATED, PA/NJ/NY CEO, EXPERT TECHNICAL WRITER, UBERGEEK
(7/1988 - 2/1993 DBA NQ SOFTWARE SYSTEMS INC., 1993-2011 DBA ESOTERIC RESOURCES, INC.) Clients include: AmeriHealth Caritas, Bankers Trust, Bellcore/Telcordia, Bristol-Myers Squibb, Chase Manhattan Bank, Citibank, Grand Central Partnership, Janssen, Johnson & Johnson, JP Morgan, Mutual of Omaha, NatWest Markets, New York Stock Exchange (NYSE), Salomon Brothers, and Securities Industry Automation Corporation (SIAC).
● Managing and performing technical writing and project management projects through the entire system development life cycle (SDLC), including writing, editing, proofreading, scrums, and analyzing root causes. Expert in FrameMaker, Word, Excel, Visio, PowerPoint, Markdown, RoboHelp/HTML, as well as other content management systems.
● Researching, designing, writing, and revising system administration guides, API guides, operations guides, architecture guides, requirements, user guides, online help systems, troubleshooting guides, FAQs, and wikis.
● Documenting and revising website for CPA professional insurance and medical malpractice insurance application process. Documenting Medicare Advantage health insurance application process and use cases using RoboDemo.
● Managing, reviewing, and auditing all aspects of system, access, and network security across all platforms. Coordinating vendor review and planning for the global implementation of enhanced security tools.
● Coordinating working groups, organizing results into content management systems, documenting and advising on security, system development, infrastructure, and end-user policies and procedures. OCTOBER 2024 PAGE 4 OF 5
PAMELA HOWELL 908-***-****
● Designing and administering various databases. Features include automatic notification and nagging via email, multiple approval levels, and document structure. Monitoring usage. Devising standards for all forms/menus/reports and assuring compliance. Documenting database structure and procedures.
● Administering servers and client machines on various platforms. Adding and deleting users, maintaining PostScript printer services, monitoring uucp and network elements, developing backup/restore scripts, and installing upgrades.
● Implementing development tools including sccs and make file standardization, MR tracking system, generating manpage from headers, and improved build system. Providing programming/scripting/macros. Testing, debugging, packaging, and documenting Java development toolkits and APIs using Jenkins, AWS, Azure DevOps, and GCP.
● Designing and developing prototype training systems, online help, and websites using HTML, CSS, CGI, XML, DITA, FrameMaker, JSON, Markdown, RoboHelp/HTML, RoboDemo, Documentum, SDL Tridion, Salesforce, SharePoint, and other content management systems.
EDUCATION
Rutgers College, Rutgers University, New Brunswick, NJ Psychology, Henry Rutgers Honors Scholar
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
● Please email ad89gr@r.postjobfree.com for references and additional samples of work
● LinkedIn http://www.linkedin.com/in/pamelahowell
● Google Drive (samples)
https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/0B8owHOxWPtd9WVpNWkNSYUxpTmc?resourcekey=0-cLMcBI9WE1Sy_-cemEI _7Q
OCTOBER 2024 PAGE 5 OF 5
Contact this candidate