Sarah Kaplan Borenstein
Denver, Colorado
ad8dyv@r.postjobfree.com
303-***-****
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
Experienced document control manager and technical writer for large aerospace company. Created documents for audiences ranging from technical professionals to non-technical end-users using a variety of media. Additional experience in project management, data analysis and manipulation, IT support (front end and back end), HFC design, and instructional design. Experience with coordinating and guiding others to meet objectives and goals. Demonstrated ability to work under pressure in a fast paced, deadline-driven environment. Excellent at working independently and in a team environment.
SKILLS
Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, Visio) • Google Suite • Confluence • SharePoint • Windchill • FrameMaker • ArcMap • Bentley • QGIS • AutoCAD • Alteryx • FME • Python • SQL • Cartographic Design • HTML/CSS • XML
EXPERIENCE
Command Media Manager, Technical Writer Sierra Space October 2020-present
• Oversee document management system for the enterprise. Perform activities to ensure consistency and compliance in the development of enterprise procedures, policies, jobs aids, and other supporting documents.
• Responsible for overseeing the Command Media workflow process, including issuing document control numbering, maintaining document register, versioning, and routing documents for review and approval utilizing Power Automate workflows.
• Advise SMEs and editors on document creation process in accordance to established document creation guidelines, assist with editing documents for format, clarity, and adherence to company specifications, assist with the release process.
• Create user guides and process documents.
• Managed the Command Media Modernization Project. Supervised a team of 4 employees reformat over 1,000 documents with new company branding and updated processes. Migrated documents from Confluence to new SharePoint platform that I designed and created.
HFC Designer, Field Operations Charter Communications July 2020-October 2020
• Maintain engineering designs and schematics using Bentley and AutoCAD platforms.
• Reconcile and update designs submitted by construction coordinators with projects located in the enterprise database.
Sarah Kaplan Borenstein
Page 2
Technical Writer, IT Support Manager-GIS Solutions Dycom Industries, Inc.
April 2019-April 2020
• Acted as content manager for GIS department. Created, coordinated, reviewed, and delivered technical documents including user guides, artifacts, workflows, Product Support Plans, and IT communications. Maintained and updated department wiki site, assisted with data organization and version control.
• Assisted management and technical SMEs with collecting data and metrics used for a variety of operational reports, including SQL database queries, QC of FME workspaces, and data analysis. Initiated, managed, and monitored change requests in accordance with company protocol.
• Provided first-level support and troubleshooting for FME workspace related issues. Collaborated with key customers and engineers to ensure Dycom operations were aligned with customer requirements.
GIS Analyst, Technical Writer Frontier GeoTek
October 2017-April 2019
• Performed spatial analysis and data analytics using SQL, Alteryx, and FME for telecommunications companies.
• Documented technical procedures. Planned, designed, researched, created and edited work flows, user guide manuals and related technical and administrative documents. Trained new employees on company standards, methods of spatial analysis, software, and existing projects.
• Maintained and updated company wiki site, assisted in data organization and content management.
Secondary Science Teacher Cherry Creek School District January 2000-October 2017
• Developed, planned and implemented science curriculum following guidelines established by the state and the district.
• Collaborated with other teachers and administrators in the development, evaluation, and revision of science programs.
• Coordinated and supervised extracurricular activities, such as clubs, student sports, and academic contests (Girls in STEM, Track, Chess Club, Robotics) Instructional Designer University of Colorado
June 2008-August 2015
• Designed, planned, and organized lesson plans aligned to NGSS for an interactive physics website (PhET, https://phet.colorado.edu/)
• Collaborated with developers and educators to create curriculum for physics simulations using the ADDIE model.
Sarah Kaplan Borenstein
Page 3
E DUCA TION
University of Colorado
M.A., Curriculum and Instruction in Science
Education
M.P.A., Public Administration
B.S., Kinesiology
Metropolitan State University,
Denver
B.A., Biology, Secondary Science Certification
CERTIFICA TIONS
Technical Writing
California State University, 2020
Project Management, Principles
and Practices
University of California, Irvine on Coursera,
2020
Instructional Design
LinkedIn, 2018
Geographic Information Systems
Emily Griffith Technical College, 2018
Secondary Science Education
State of Colorado, expires 2023
ADDITIONAL COURSEWORK
Coursera: IT Support Fundamentals, Business Writing, Technical Writing, Presentation and Design, Excel
Linkedin Learning: Project Management, Computer Programming, FrameMaker, Visio, API Documentation, Database Management, SharePoint, Jira, MadCap Flare, RoboHelp Udemy: Technical Writing: How to Write with DITA
Contact this candidate