Donna Harradine

Silver Spring, MD ***** § 301-***-**** (m) § ad8oe5@r.postjobfree.com

Summary

Experienced documentation professional motivated by understanding a client’s complex information and translating it into multimedia content with an engaging, consistent voice for the target audience.

Experience

Focused Management, Inc., Alexandria, VA 22310
Technical Editor/Writer: February 2022 – June 2023
Lead a process improvement effort of the documentation lifecycle for a service desk supporting government employees. Responsibilities include analysis of existing documents, revising out-of-date articles, and developing new material used by technicians to support calls from employees seeking assistance with technology, equipment, and general work-related knowledge.
MPACT Strategic Consulting, Inc., Houston, TX 77027
QAQC/Technical Editor: October 2020 – September 2021
Participated in a team of content developers and quality assurance personnel to generate course material for the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA). Responsibilities included edits of instructional material as content was created by Instructional Design staff. Thorough quality guidelines were adhered to for content, format, and Section 508 standards at 50 and 100 percent intervals for client review. The effort at 100 percent included final review of an Instructor Guide (IG), which was updated with images from PowerPoint slides. The Participant Guide was then generated from the IG and customized by quality assurance personnel. These were sent as part of a final training materials package and were tested in pilot settings run by the client.
Social & Scientific Systems, Inc., Silver Spring, MD 20910
Technical Editor: November 2007 – November 2017
Responsible for the online publications section of a government agency website. Reviewed copy directly from authors, made and returned copy edits, raised concerns with errors in statistical comparisons between text and charts. Upon approval of finalized copy from authors, formatted a variety of publications, tested, and repaired troubleshooting efforts for Section 508 standardization of compliance to meet government requirements for publications on federal websites.
Added publication details to Oracle SQL database, posted to development and quality assessment websites. Guided documents and author communications through full quality assurance lifecycle until publications were approved and posted to production site. Supported style guide maintenance and process documentation for online publications as well as review of project team’s monthly reports.
BearingPoint/KPMG Consulting/KPMG, McLean, Virginia 22102 (June 1998 – January 2007)
Consultant: January 2003 – January 2007 (BearingPoint)
IT administrator for corporate communications transition of internal communications processes, including message content development and global distribution responsibilities. Revised policy and procedure materials, developed presentations, communications, and reports for program management office start-up for department-wide project control. Edited tutorial and process documents for key development teams.
Senior Management Analyst: August 2000 – December 2002 (KPMG Consulting)
Wrote weekly newsletter, process analysis, and presentation development for client work. Researched requests for intellectual capital, qualifications, and proposal examples to support new business development as part of a small service desk supporting knowledge management.
Technical Editor/Writer: June 1998 – August 2000 (KPMG)
Responsible for editorial content of materials for company-wide methodology. Documentation included training background information, procedures, web content, and solutions material. Coordinated with international subject matter experts to perfect methodology descriptions.

Assisted with framework development, wrote, and edited documentation for clients including presentations, business requirements, training materials, requests for information and proposals. Collaborated onsite with client to produce requirement documents and communication materials.

RCI Group, Inc., Washington, D.C. 20036

Desktop Publisher: May 1995 – June 1998
Produced financial documents coded manually to meet client requirements and Securities and Exchange Commission regulations. Required acute focus to make changes and adapt to abrupt fluctuations in document priority. Concise communication on specifications was vital due to tight deadlines. Assisted and trained less experienced operators.

West Group, Rochester, New York 14604

Proofreader, Graphics Coder, Composition Generalist: June 1989 – May 1995
Verified alterations and sequence of legal manuscripts written by lawyers, and the state and federal governments. Interpreted editor’s manuscript specifications into laser pages, prepared publication for film or direct-to-plate. Translated, composed, and verified text retrieved from ASCII files. Inspected and corrected codes to improve quality of composed text that was presented to the customer.
Editor, Thomson, Ink., June 1991 – May 1995
Launched first in-house newsletter, an eight-page, four-color employee run publication. Brought talent together from various departments to create and maintain monthly publication.

Key Skills

Technical: Microsoft (Outlook, Word, PowerPoint, Excel, Teams), ServiceNow, Adobe Professional, familiar with WordPress, FrameMaker, SharePoint, HTML, and Section 508

Education

Bachelor of Arts, Mass Communication, Minors: English and Latin, St. Bonaventure University, St. Bonaventure, New York 14778
Semester abroad at Ealing College of Higher Education (Thames University), London, England

Honors

Father Cornelius Welch Award for Achievement in Photography, St. Bonaventure University

Relevant Activities

Public Trust Clearance
Representative, Employee Owners’ Communication Committee, Social and Scientific Systems, Inc.
The Bona Venture, St. Bonaventure University’s weekly newspaper. Responsibilities included: Photography Manager, Opinion/Editorial Editor, Advertising Manager (layout), Production Manager, Reporter
Franciscan Values Committee at St. Bonaventure University
Contact this candidate