NANCY ELLARD
**** ****** ******* ***
Wesley Chapel, FL 33543
732-***-****
ad8s2v@r.postjobfree.com
http://www.linkedin.com/in/nancyellard

Senior-level business professional with proven experience. Able to lead complex projects through Software Development Lifecycle (SDLC) and Agile methodologies. Developed detailed business, requirements, technical documentation, and user guides for the government sector, such as Veterans Administration (VA), Veterans Health Administration (VHA), Department of Homeland Security (DHS) and Government Services Administration (GSA). Worked with multiple teams to deliver requirements, documentation, User Acceptance Testing (UAT), workflows and meeting notes for Fortune 500 companies, such as Nielsen, Toronto Dominion (TD Bank), Synchro Technologies and Bell Laboratories/Lucent Technologies/Lucent Alcatel). Government Security Clearance: Public Trust

Professional Experience

Gritter Francona – Rockville, MD (Remote) August 2023 –Present Business Analyst – Worked with stakeholders and Subject Matter Experts (SMEs) to create business needs and high-level requirements for VA and VHA initiatives using Excel, Word, SharePoint, Teams and Viso.

Worked on three to five New Service Requests simultaneously using the VA’s Requirements Development Management (RDM) tool.
Facilitated requirements meetings with stakeholders and SMEs to create high-level business requirements for business owner concurrence, funding and implementation.

EmpowerAI – Reston, VA (Remote) August 2022 –November 2022 Senior Business Analyst – Received request from GSA through Slack and ServiceNow and wireframes to create a high-level list of business requirement(s) using Google Suite for approval to discuss with client and Architecture group.

If requirement(s) were for Architecture group, additional meetings and analysis continued until approved.

If requirement(s) were for another group, updated document and sent to appropriate team. VetsEZ – San Diego, CA (Remote) May 2022 –August 2022 Systems Analyst – Created/updated requirements for the VA’s Community Care (CC) project.

Created stories from customer requirements (Epics) using Jira, Google Suite and Visio.

Created a user guide and trained the new BA as VA gave project to another vendor.

GovernmentCIO – Fairfax, VA (Remote) November 2020 –May 2022 Business Analyst – Worked with Subject Matter Experts (SMEs) and DHS Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) personnel to refine and prioritize Requirements (Epics), Stories and Tasks for application built on ServiceNow to assist law enforcement on undocumented citizens.
Facilitated weekly and Backlog Grooming sessions using Google Suite to discuss feedback, software bugs, additional requests and duplicates. Created wireframes as needed.

Participated and created test plans in ServiceNow for DHS’s application to manage data for undocumented immigrants.

Provided team members with color-coded workflows and documentation on Jira artifacts so they can understand their responsibilities.

Communications Analyst –Provided documentation for VHA using Jira, Word, Visio and PowerPoint for the Defense Medical Logistics Standard Support (DMLSS) project.

Created/presented monthly PowerPoint decks for Data Migration team to upper management.

Prepared detailed notes for Data Migration and Data Validation meetings.
Responsible for updating DMLSS team with department-related documentation, such as mail lists and schedules in SharePoint and Confluence.

Thunderyard Solutions – Melbourne, FL (Remote) November 2019 - –November 2020 Lead Business Analyst – Worked on Data Loss Prevention (DLP) project for the VA. Responsibilities included documenting Use Cases and Stories in SharePoint for gaps with VA processes using Jira and Microsoft Word.

Performed Gap Analysis for Use Cases previously created and identified by DLP team and VA.
Created an Assessment document on potential Gaps(s) and suggested recommendations from DLP group. Reported progress of these items on a weekly basis.

Used Excel to provide a detailed list of National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) security controls, exfiltration methods, data pillars and additional data into a worksheet for DLP solutions.

Awards: 5/2020 & 9/20/2020 - Excellence Award for work on DLP Sprints 14 & 18.

Halfaker & Associates – Clearwater, FL May 2017 - –November 2019 Senior Business Analyst –Worked on various VA projects and facilitated Requirements meetings with SMEs and the VA using Jira, Rational Tools and ClearQuest.

Developed and updated requirements using Agile methodology for various units inside VA on the Benefits Gateway Services (BGS) application.
Facilitated Power Point presentations and conducted weekly meetings for all VA stakeholders and upper management to provide status on all development items for all development teams.

Awards: 2019 – Recognition for coordinating efforts company-wide for donations for VA’s Fisher House Foundation at Bay Pines Veterans facility in St. Petersburg, FL. Also coordinated three Halfaker-sponsored dinners for Veterans and their family while staying at the VA hospital.

Systems Made Simple (SMS)/Lockheed Martin/Leidos – Clearwater, FL January 2016 - –May 2017 Senior Business Analyst –Worked on various VA projects and facilitated Requirements meetings with SMEs and the VA using Jira, Rational Tools and ClearQuest.

Developed/updated Functional Specification Documents (FSDs), Business Scenarios/Test Cases, Product Release Lists and Online Help for VA’s Financial Accounting System (FAS) using Microsoft Word, Excel, Visio and RoboHelp.

Created a master list of documentation errors. Worked with SMEs to close 180 out of 220 items.

Nielsen – Oldsmar, FL May 2012 - –November 2015 Business Analyst - Developed Business Requirement Documents (BRDs) and System Requirement Documents (SRDs) for Nielsen initiatives, such as:

Over the Top Measurement (OTTM) and Metered Sample Management (MSM) using Jama, Visio, Excel, Word, PowerPoint and SharePoint.

Awards: 2013, 2015 & 2016 - Recipient of Nielsen’s Simply Excellent Awards for volunteer efforts for Oldsmar, FL Fire Department, Excellence in work and for coordinating participation for leading the American Cancer Society’s Relay for Life and Employee Engagement Award.

TD Bank - Mount Laurel, NJ March 2011 – May 2012
Business Analyst III - Developed Business Requirement Documents (BRDs) and System Requirement Documents (SRDs) using SDLC-related documentation and Word, Visio, Excel and SQL for TD Banks Commercial Lending and Small Business Organizations. Updated mapping documentation for Extract, Transform, and Load (ETL) fields.

Merrill Lynch (Bank of America) Hopewell, NJ December 2010 – March 2011 Senior Technical Writer – Short-term assignment working on flowcharts and requirements for the bank’s initiatives: using Word, Excel and Visio.

The Durbin amendment is a United States federal law, 15 U.S.C. § 1693o-2. Requires Federal Reserve to limit fees charged to retailers for debit card processing.

Relationship Pricing is a pricing and billing framework, where pricing is determined based on a customer/member's overall financial picture, instead of delivered on a product-by-product basis.

Synchro Technologies – Langhorne, PA March 2010 – June 2010 Senior Technical Writer – Short-term assignment working creating online help using RoboHelp for a CPAP device for configuration by medical staff.
Created documentation and updated Help file that was sent electronically to a third-party translation company for translation into 16 different languages. Version control for Help files used Subversion (SVN) and Tortoise SVN.

Education & Professional Development and Training

Law Enforcement Support Center (LESC) Crash Course (Tadgh Smith) (01/18/2022) Agile for Everyone (AGILE TRAINING CO) (9/2021)
ServiceNow Foundations (ServiceNow) 9/2021
Security Clearance: Public Trust (2020)
Introduction to Psychology, Yale University (Coursera) (8/2019 – 9/2019) Scrum Master Certification Program, Leidos (2017)
Business Analyst Boot Camp, Metrics that Matter (2014) Bachelor of Science (BS) in Information Systems, University of Phoenix (2009)

Technical Proficiency

Documentation Applications: Microsoft Office, Google Suite, Adobe FrameMaker, Jama, FrontPage and RoboHelp.

Graphics/Presentation Applications: Visio, PowerPoint, Excel, Paint, Google Sheets, Miro, MS Project, Wireframes and Adobe Photoshop

Product Modification/Archive Applications: Agile, ServiceNow, Serena Dimensions, Documentum, ClearQuest, Rational Tools (RTC), Quality Center, VA’s Requirements Development Management (RDM) tool, SharePoint, iShare, Google Drive, Confluence, TeamTrack and JIRA Collaboration Applications: Microsoft Teams and Slack
Contact this candidate