Jean Lewis
San Antonio, TX
726-***-****
ad8uut@r.postjobfree.com
Objective:

Experienced Proposal, Technical Writer, and Grant Writer seeks remote/hybrid or in office position as Grant Writer where my understanding of nonprofits, proposals, (bids-corporate-city-state-federal) and well-rounded industry experience can be an asset for your team and client groups. Experienced with Proposals and Bids as preparer and as recipient for corporate, local, and federal groups.

Summary of Experience:

Experienced as grant writer, bid recipient and part of the evaluation team for technical temporaries in a high tech industry. Conversely experienced as a team member who has submitted bids and proposals to provide talent, products and services to other entities. Technical Writing experience has included technical content management, specifications for products manufactured, sales and marketing fliers, creation of process flow manuals, technical troubleshooting, technical recruiting questions, human resources presentations, and other topics. Collaboration has been face to face and remotely for roundtable discussions with client groups.

Experience:

Travel Writer - Traveled nationwide gathering material for a social writing project. 01/22 - 08/24

Remote Technical Writer/ Analyst–Cherokee Nation Operational Solutions 02/21-12/21
Supported a contract serving the US Joint Services Commission where activities were tracked and reported of medical records on military bases nationwide. Provided activity updates, listing performance metrics and areas of focus, primarily in PowerPoint, Word, and using Teams. Shared recaps with key stakeholders as teams traveled frequently. Also prepared bids for CDC projects during Covid-19 remediation. (Contract ended December 2021)

Homeschool Coop Teacher and Curriculum Writer 10/09 – 01/21
Instructor/Private School Curriculum Writer after adopting two older at-risk international children. Involved in three coops over ten years. Personally, wrote the middle school World Geography curriculum, obtaining waivers/permission slips from parents so that students could taste ethnic dishes from around the world each week. Outlines highlighting locations, country names, and short cultural notes of interest were provided weekly as study guides.

Grant Writer - Hosted international child for six weeks prior to adoption 10/07 - 09/09
proceedings. Prior to this event, submitted multiple grant proposals and held fundraisers. Received all three grants requested.

Contract HR/Compensation/Recruiting Department – Marathon Oil 03/07 – 09/07
Consulted with executive staff to update key position responsibilities, descriptions and salary ranges. Created and/or updated position descriptions to reflect current duties and needs, and conducted salary surveys in line with industry standards. Experienced with different compensation measures and when updating positions, was also approached as SME by Compensation Analysts of other organizations.

The Exceptional Solution, LLC. – Principal Owner 11/01 – 12/06
Certified SCTRCA WBE and DBE Disadvantaged Business Enterprise and Woman owned business marketing industrial cleaning products to the transportation industry and other supplies to prime vendors for the US Joint Services Commission. Provided bid proposals and awarded two-year contract with a year extension. Provided large volume bus and aviation cleaning supplies to federal and regional clientele.

Developed proposals, marketing and informational materials, worked with chemists, MSDS sheets, and followed appropriate protocols. This was accomplished by meeting with decision makers to learn their key directives and needs. Provided superb customer service and served clients marketing their supplies to additional markets.

Technical Recruiter & Account Manager – Adecco 07/99 – 10/01
Hired as Account Manager/Recruiter when local temporary agency was acquired by Adecco Corporate. Developed full-time placement arena for franchise. Established relationships with local corporations, drafted interview questions for technical and soft skills needed. After conferring with client groups, placed ads in various media, technically interviewed candidates per agreed upon criteria. Candidates were placed in Information Technology, Accounting, Finance, and Marketing.

HR Generalist/Recruiting Manager – Harland Clarke 03/98 – 05/99
Wrote position descriptions for needed skill sets to be brought on to correct data migration issues. Conducted salary surveys and corrected pay ranges using a point factor system. Updated additional position descriptions, onboarded needed SMEs to lead system tie in and participated in quality control survey which was being conducted simultaneously.

Regional Technical Recruiter – Digital Consulting & Software Services 09/96 – 03/98
Recruiter working with four regional locations to find candidates who were a good fit that understood midrange and mainframe technology during conversions to client server technology and Microsoft products. Position required heavy travel.

Owner - Resumes & More 10/92 – 08/96
Provided career counseling, skills assessment, personality profiles, and resume writing to local candidates.

Corporate HR Representative – HP Corporation (Compaq) 09/86-10/92
Performed HR Generalist/Recruiting duties and high-volume staffing of hardware engineers and other technical personnel who were screened, recruited, and often relocated. Received criteria from hiring managers and insured that interview criteria were met.

Received competitive bids from personnel services seeking contracts with HR. Responsible for temporary staffing and screening for hardware human factors performance testers. Collaborated with hiring managers, posted positions and created itineraries. (First 18 months in IT department, where developed technical reference guide for Tech Support I and Tech Support II to utilize in troubleshooting from the Help Desk. The lengthy guide had multiple categories and subcategories.

Education:

Bachelor of Arts Degree – Texas A&M University, College Station, TX
Associate of Arts Degree - Liberal Arts – Schreiner College, Kerrville, TX
Contact this candidate