Grace E. Aspinall
Senior Technical Writer/Editor, Journalist & Photographer, Scrum Master
703-***-**** ad8wx8@r.postjobfree.com
https://www.linkedin.com/in/grace-aspinall-1556a41/, http://www.graceaspinall.com/4901.html

Education: Master of Arts - Organizational Development: Corporate Communications,
Norwich University, Jan 19, 1998 -- Bachelor of Arts: English, Skidmore College, May 27, 1995
Skills: Advanced Technical Writer, Software Tester, Journalist, Photographer, Content Cultivator, Quality Assurance Analyst, Proficient with Capability Maturity Model Integration (CMMI), Software Reviews, Agile Software Development, System Development Life Cycle Development, Continuous Diagnostics and Mitigation (CDM),
508 Compliance Knowledge, Interview Skills for Documentation and News Releases, Meeting Organizer & Leader
Her Nexx Chapter-Editorial Project Director & Member Editorial Board, regular blog contributor
Top Secret (TS) Clearance /Eligible for Sensitive Compartmentalized Information (SCI) Clearance

Guidehouse, Washington, DC, Jan 29, 2024, to present: Senior Technical Writer/Editor
Develop, write, and edit documentation including but not limited to, contract requirements, technical and white papers, user manuals, administrative reports and all valuable publications within a cohesive team.
Review and provide suggestions/input on all materials generated by the contract and management.
Align government and corporate reports for a consistent “voice” and direct presentations of written content.
Revise and complete necessary adjustments or enhancements to templates within government guidelines.
Summarize and simplify complex plans from dedicated Subject Manner Experts (SMEs) to explain lengthy and detailed valuable concepts with an eye for presenting simplified explanations in uncomplicated terms.
ECStech, Washington, DC, Sept 11, 2023, to November 30, 2023: Senior Technical Writer/Editor
Oversee policy documents including assessing and linking all related documentation.
Process documentation from inception to publication with input from Subject Matter Experts (SMEs).
ManTech, Stafford, VA, October 31, 2022, to Sept 8, 2023: Senior Technical Writer/Editor
Edit technical documents created by Subject Matter Experts (SMEs), managers, and contract personnel.
Provide feedback on presentations and web pages with questions, comments, and suggestions.
Assist with meetings and projects on an as-needed basis with a variety of support options.
NexThreat, Alexandria, VA, and Veterans Affairs, Dec 21, 2021, to Sept 26, 2022: Lead Technical Writer
Create, edit, review, and provide assistance with all contract and company documentation.
Adhere to government requirements regarding deliverables, templates, and presentations.
Design flow charts, user manuals, and various sets of instructions to assist authors and managers.
Generate information and reports on Continuous Diagnostics and Mitigation (CDM) and National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) Information Security Continuous Monitoring (ISCM).
Vexterra Group, Reston, VA, July 12, 2021, to Dec 17, 2021: Technical Writer/Editor & Scrum Master
Perform duties as the Scrum (Agile) Master & coordinate with the Lead Software Developer/team.
Oversee documentation with specific regulations and policies determined by the customer.
Edit, write, and review non-technical and technical products, reports, and publications and the related technical manuals, briefings, and user/training guides.
Manage group/community-wide correspondence with all partners of the lab.
CertiPath, Inc, Reston, Virginia, April 23, 2020, to May 12, 2021: Technical Writer/Editor
Design, create, edit and develop complex technical and functional documentation including:
Contract Style Guide, templates for all types of documents, and detailed instructions.
Strategic Plans, Program Standards and Standard Operating Procedures, training manuals, training materials and meeting minutes, and technical presentations.
One Page Procedures specifically designed for simplified instructions to new users.
PPT Solutions, Inc, Arlington, Virginia, January 2, 2019, to March 20, 2020: Technical Writer/Editor
Support Project Management missions of the Office of Procurement Operations (OPO) with Independent Verification & Validation (IV&V) and project management processes to verify process improvements based on guidance from the Systems Engineering Life Cycle (SELC).
Plan and implement Quality Assurance (QA) policies, plans and procedures.
Edit, format, question and suggest deliverables involving several government agencies.
City of Alexandria, VA – Finance Department (via Sparks Group), July to Sept 2018: Technical Writer/Editor – Project Terminated due to Time Constraints on Finance Personnel for Year End Audit/Statements
Facilitate, write and edit the City of Alexandria Virginia Accounting Procedure Manual including policies governing the Financial Statements, Year End Activities, Daily/Monthly/Yearly accounting.
Devise templates, styles and formatting rules for user manuals and policy documents.
Metrica, Inc: Continuous Diagnostics and Mitigation (CDM) Metrica Team Venture (MTV),
Sept 2014 to June 2018: Technical Writer/Editor
Write, edit, revise, restructure and format Metrica Team Venture required documentation.
Assist and attend landmark reviews including (but not limited to) the Production Readiness Review (PRR), Solution Engineering Review (SER) and Integrated Baseline Review (IBR).
Design and continually update DHS CDM templates for deliverables.
Interview personnel to create step by step actions and create detailed instructions.
Project Advisors International (PAI) LLC, Nov 2012 to Sept 2014: Technical Editor/Analyst
Prepare records for presentation and assessment regarding PAI’s engagement as an independent expert to tribunals and dispute review boards assisting in evaluations.
Path Technologies as subcontractor to Northrop Grumman, July 2011 to Sept 2012: Technical Writer, Quality Assurance Analyst & Software Tester for Geospatial and ENFIRE
Organize and write documentation to set standards of clarity, style and terminology.
Participate in Agile Software Development Lifecycle and assess progress within software sprints.
Software tester and User Manual author for Geospatial software.
Convergenz, LLC as subcontractor to Kratos Defense, Nov 2010 to Mar 2011
Technical Writer, Software Tester & Quality Assurance Analyst
Perform Quality Assurance and software testing for enterprise software applications.
Write and edit technical documentations, service manuals, operational specifications and related technical publications for many diverse systems.
Test systems in multiple environments with or without test scripts, matching systems to documentation and provide updates and requirements.
Produce software test cases, test scripts, and test procedures to ensure the integrity and consistency of the delivered products and documentation includer user input.
Translate technical requirements into user-friendly materials for non-technical user training.
Create brochures and memorandum explaining software releases and updates.
Science Applications International Corporation (SAIC), Oct 1999 to Oct 2010
System Integration Analyst IV
Pivotal member of the Future Combat Systems (FCS) /Brigade Combat Team Modernization Program (BCTM) as a valued member of the Office of the Chief Scientist and Architect.
Generate indexed and clearly structured documentation as an Advanced Technical Writer to ensure the average consumer understands the sophisticated scientific and technical concepts within the software processes and procedures.
Create and revise essential documentation including the team Execution Plan, Standard Operating Procedures and Architecture Development plan.
Perform duties as an Assistant Project Manager and Meeting Facilitator within the team assigned to guide all Critical Design Reviews including Network Interface Kit (NIK) Preliminary Design Review (PDR), System of System (SoS) Preliminary Design Review (PDR) Spring 2009, Alpha Team Support Rewriting the FCS Statement of Work (SOW) July-Sept 2009, Team Execution Plan (TEP), Standard Operating Procedures (SOP) and Architecture Development Plan (ADP).
Explain Use Cases and other complex architecture work products to the customer and users.
Programming/Technical Assistant Support (P/TAS), Feb 2003 to April 2004
Manager Training and Metrics Departments, QA Analyst
Develop processes as Manager of the Training and Metrics Collection department.
Operate as a QA Analyst for the program, documentation and procedures.
Revitalize, organize and coordinate the Training Program for required courses.
Initiate and maintain a solid Metrics Data Repository and periodic reports.
STARS SM/I, QA Team for the Immigration and Naturalization Service (INS), Oct 1999 to Jan 2003
Senior Applications System Analyst
Recreate an updated Desk Reference Manual for the incoming INS Commissioner Develop intranet web site with the STARS SM&I Contract Business Operations.
Test, review, develop and document the upgrade and creation of a computerized Business Operations Financial Reporting System (FRS).
The Advocate and The North Adams Transcript, May 1981 to Nov 1995: Freelance Journalist, Reporter, and Photojournalist
Provide photography for Berkshire County Massachusetts news publication.
Write articles, informational pieces, creative prose, and hard-core news for print newspapers.
Contact this candidate