Linda Rumpf, Page *
LINDA MEYER RUMPF
Albuquerque, NM 87123 505-***-****
admp8j@r.postjobfree.com linkedin.com/in/lindarumpf
** ***** ** ********** ** leading and integrating corporate-wide municipal planning, technical reviews, civil construction, design and construction projects throughout life cycle, and large projects in support of critical business operations. Collaborate with city, county and state agencies, contractors, engineers, architects and stakeholders. Excellent verbal, interpersonal and written communication skills. Professional Experience
Planner, City of Albuquerque Planning Department January 2014 – May 2021
Served as an Environmental Planning Commission (EPC) staff planner, providing analysis, staff reports and presentations to the EPC in monthly public hearings, on Zoom.
Managed the LEED for Cities project, worked with a team of 30 staff and agency members to determine the city’s level of sustainability. The City was awarded a Silver LEED Certification.
Worked with a team of staff, agencies, stakeholders and engineers to complete 8 phases of the 50-Mile Activity Loop which was a project to create a walking and biking loop around the city. The estimated budget for the project was $20M. We made it work with $4M. The last phase is currently under construction by the county.
Coordinated staff comments for Pre-application Review Team (PRT) Zoom meetings to help applicants understand planning and development policies and procedures.
Project Manager, Office of the Mayor - City of Albuquerque January 2011 - December 2013
Reported directly to the Mayor and was responsible for ABQ the Plan projects with a goal of investing in the city without increasing taxes.
Led staff, volunteers and consultants to implement projects. Coordinated with engineers, architects and stakeholders on project oversight, design and construction along with budgets, contracts and scheduling.
Managed planning, design and construction projects for the 50-Mile Activity Loop, Rio Grande Vision, Sports Complex, and the Route 66 Action Plan.
Managed logistics for over 100 public meetings, oversaw events, website, social media, graphics and marketing.
Completed the Route 66 Revitalization and Action Plan.
Collaborated on the Convention Center Renovations project, working with Dekker/Perich/Sabatini and staff.
Collaborated with city staff and the UNM School of Architecture & Planning to create CityLab in downtown Albuquerque for students to work on urban design projects.
Coauthored the ABQ the Plan book, which highlighted projects and showcased beautiful images of Albuquerque. Planner, City of Albuquerque Family and Community Services Department December 2007 - December 2010
Wrote HUD action plans and annual reports for programs and projects to improve the lives of low-income people in Albuquerque.
Compiled and produced performance reports for a department of 350 people. Assisted in the streamlining and development of metrics for the City of Albuquerque Performance Plan, which is part of the annual budget.
Worked with staff in reporting to HUD using the IDIS online database. Created reporting templates and conducted training for staff in order for the City to be reimbursed for program costs. Linda Rumpf, Page 2
Technical Writer, Sandia National Laboratories May - September 2007
Worked with subject matter experts to write operational procedures, manuals and reports to meet audit requirements.
Wrote requirements documents and conducted independent research. Environmental Planner, Taschek Environmental Consulting, Albuquerque, NM June 2006 - January 2007
Prepared NEPA documents to address environmental issues on projects for clients.
Coordinated public meetings and coauthored the Environmental Assessment for the I-40 Pedestrian Bridge project, to address environmental issues on the project.
Transportation Planner/Project Manager, City of Loveland, CO July 1997 - September 2005
Created and implemented the Neighborhood Traffic Calming Program to slow traffic and improve safety in neighborhoods.
Managed multiple transportation projects throughout life cycle, coordinating with internal and external partners, property owners, contractors and engineers.
Supervised 10 traffic calming projects, including the Cattail Hazard Elimination project, which reconstructed the entrance to a neighborhood off of a busy street. Constructed a traffic circle to act as a transition from an arterial street into a neighborhood.
Organized annual Bike to Work Day and business challenge events for 7 years to improve air quality and promote for cleaner air. Promoted alternate modes of transportation, such as bicycling, carpooling and riding the bus, via special events, web pages and print media.
Transportation Coordinator, City of Richardson, TX January 1992 – July 1997
Created an annual top 10 accident report to help traffic engineers and police officers improve safety conditions in the city.
Developed a Transportation Demand Management (TDM) program and formed two new vanpools to reduce traffic congestion and improve air quality.
Education/Affiliations
B.S., Math/Computer Science University of Texas at Arlington, Arlington, TX
Toastmasters International – 5 years, current VP of Public Relations
Project Management Institute – Rio Grande Chapter member
American Planning Association member
United Way volunteer
Technical Skills
Microsoft Outlook, Word, Excel, Access, PowerPoint, Project, Publisher, Visio and SharePoint. Web design, Plone and Acrobat. AUTCAD LT, ArcView GIS. Digital photography.
Contact this candidate