*
Julia Sedillo
Technical Writer/Editor
Highlands Ranch, CO 80129
505-***-**** admq4v@r.postjobfree.com https://www.linkedin.com/in/julia-sedillo Professional Summary
A remote technological writer/editor who handles writing and editing for businesses, including manuals, protocols, project descriptions, websites, whitepapers, and anything else for business uses. Makes documents clear and tailored to the appropriate audience while aiding communications within a company and between the company and external stakeholders. Develops standards for project documentation and maintains stylistic and notational data to unify communications. Creates user-friendly tutorials, improves the customer experience, and edits existing content to conform to relevant standards and maximize clarity. Plans future content in collaboration with management to maintain consistency and high quality for upcoming organizational needs. Key Accomplishments
Improved efficiency of document processing by 25%.
Used text data analysis process for cleaning, transforming, and modeling data.
Read and interpreted blueprints and diagrams, as well as technical drawings, processing charts, and layouts.
Produced and administrated consistent defense acquisition documentation, technical reports, scientific publications, user manuals, training material, and other documentation used by the Department of Defense.
Awards: Sustained Superior Performance (2), On-the-Spot Award (3), Special Act or Service (14), Performance Award (3), Army Vulnerability Assessment Laboratory Award for Administrative Excellence, Certificate of Customer Service Excellence (2), Excellent Sick Leave Record (2) Core Competencies
Technical Writing Software Adobe Documentation Project Management Content Development Government Contracting Web Content Systems Development Life Cycle Copy Editing, Visio, Photoshop Troubleshooting Integration Analysis Quality Assurance
Process Improvement Microsoft Office Suites Training Employee Relations Leadership Technical Editing
Plain Language Top Secret Security Clearance Research Professional Work History
Technical Writer-Editor May 2014 - March 2021
U.S. Air Force, AETC 58th TRS/DOF, Kirtland AFB, NM
Planned the scope, content, layout, and defined and developed illustrations. Published operational, maintenance, and user guide manuals for aircrew training systems. Researched, analyzed, distilled, and presented appropriate subject matter for accurate communications and the development of electronic technical manuals. Wrote, gathered, organized, and illustrated technical data to produce operational and maintenance manuals for publication. Assembled, developed, and integrated information by researching factual materials through available sources, including the Internet, library resources, and subject-matter experts. Successful experience working in a remote environment.
Technical Editor November 2013 - January 2014
ASRC Aerospace Corporation, Kirtland Air Force Base, NM
Specialized experience through independent reading and interviews with subject-matter specialists. In charge of the production and administration of technical documentation for programs and projects.
“Ms. Sedillo exceeded expectations in creating a website that highlighted the descriptions of 120 training devices and ten videos, which proliferated the expertise and ingenuity of the Monster Garage to a worldwide audience 24/7.”
“Ms. Sedillo expertly built the Monster Garage SharePoint, which is accessible to customers around the globe.” The United States Air Force
2
Julia Sedillo 505-***-****
Technical Writer-Editor September 2008 - September 2013 Sandia National Laboratories/US Dept of Energy, Kirtland Air Force Base, NM
Consistently demonstrated the ability to acquire, present, and integrate technical information through independent reading, interviews with subject-matter specialists, observation of tests and experiments. Interpreted blueprints, diagrams, and other documents. Strategically planned the scope and focus of technical materials and interviewed engineers for consistency. Compiled data and instructions to write engineering and scientific reports, user manuals, regulations, newsletters, and journal articles. Properly notated and formatted references. Applied knowledge of desktop publishing and multiple office automation software. Produced a wide range of documents and various formats, including drafting, editing, designing, and developing manuscripts into the camera-ready copy. Used photographic materials and imaging software to create graphics, illustrations, and templates for presentations.
Technical Writer August 2007 - March 2008
L.J. Lubin, Inc. DBA Technically Write, Kirtland Air Force Base, NM
Provided round-the-clock technical support to engineers and scientists. Created Robo help-based online web pages. Revamped and managed website and other primary web pages to facilitate accessibility and the retrieval of data. Acquired, presented, and integrated technical information. Researched readily available sources of information for databases, help pages, and web content. Gathered, organized, wrote, proofread, edited, and illustrated technical data. Wrote, designed, and implemented style guidelines and standards for manuals, reports, articles, pamphlets, scripts, and speeches. Technical Writer March 2007 - August 2007
Comforce Technical Services, Inc., Kirtland Air Force Base, NM
Researched, analyzed, distilled, and presented information for the contracting company. Provided a variety of services to government and private sector employers. Wrote, edited, and illustrated technical data. Independently edited and standardized materials prepared by other staff members. Reviewed technical documents and recommended revisions and changes in scope, various formats, content, and reproduction and binding methods. Played a crucial role in helping the organization pass government regulation audits by clearly planning the range and content of technical documents, such as manuals, reports, articles, pamphlets, scripts, and speeches. Conferred with customers, vendors, and management to establish technical specifications and to determine subject material to be developed for publication. Technical Writer July 2006 - September 2006
Ktech Corporation, Kirtland Air Force Base, NM
Wrote, gathered, organized, and illustrated technical data to produce engineering and scientific publications, documents, user and service repair training manuals, online help, web content, operating instructions, and test procedures for a high-technology firm. Oversaw the production process, from initial conception, content determination, and graphics selection into camera-ready copy for final distribution. Technical Publications Writer June 2005 - July 2006 L-3 Communications Titan Group, Albuquerque, NM
Gathered, organized, wrote, edited, and illustrated technical documents. Used desktop publishing technology and multiple office automation software to produce wide range of materials in camera-ready copy. Read and interpreted blueprints, diagrams, drawings, specifications. Interviewed subject-matter specialists. Researched factual materials through available sources. Edited and proofread technical manuals and other written materials. Managed individual data and prepared documents to be used in-house. Assisted subject-matter specialists to meet required publication standards. Established technical manual parameters and various formats, drawing upon in-depth knowledge of grammar, writing, editing practices, and style requirements. 3
Julia Sedillo 505-***-****
Technical Writer/Consultant November 2004 - June 2005 TEK Systems, Inc., Santa Fe, NM
Served as Technical Writer for New Mexico State Legislature. Publications Specialist July 2002 - May 2004
Computer Sciences Corporation, Kirtland Air Force Base, NM
Compiled data and instructions to write/edit technical and scientific reports. Publications Specialist September 2001 - July 2002 Science Applications International Corporation, Kirtland Air Force Base, NM
Compiled data and instructions to write/edit technical and scientific reports. Technical Writer/Consultant March 2001 - April 2001 SpecPro, Inc., El Paso, TX 03/2001 to 04/2001
Provided technical writing/editing contract particulars for government agencies. Technical Writer June 1979 – December 2000
Army Research Laboratory, White Sands Missile Range, NM
• Planned scope and content, designed layout, developed illustrations, wrote, edited, and published technical reports, scientific publications, technical papers, articles, and briefings. Substantial subject matter knowledge of the sensitive, extremely complex, and rapidly changing field of electronic warfare and atmospheric sciences writing and editing skills. Acquired and presented technical information through independent reading, interviews with subject-matter specialists, observation of tests and experiments, interpretation of blueprints or diagrams, or other appropriate methods.
Training & Education
Federal Women’s Executive Leadership Program
The United States Department of Agriculture, (USDA) Graduate School, Hagerstown, MD Upward Mobility Program, New Mexico State University, Las Cruces, NM The Army Institute for Professional Development, Ft. Eustis, VA
“Ms. Sedillo has exceeded expectations by authoring the technical manual for the Talon to J conversion, which consisted of 7 sections, 69 figures, 34 diagrams, and six matrices. The technical manual was the critical tool require to adequately release the device to the program office for contracting bids for maintenance and logistics support.” The United States Air Force
Contact this candidate