Jeb B. Raitt
Technical Documentation Specialist
**** **** ******* ****
Norfolk, Virginia 23503-3209
Home: 757-***-****
Cell: 757-***-****
admrt5@r.postjobfree.com
General Qualifications:
Prepare text, illustrations, and tables according to military or commercial specifications and standards. Can create formats and layouts. Experience encompasses almost every aspect of technical documentation including quality control, system safety, manufacturing, test and operating plans and procedures, planned and corrective maintenance, and proposals. Excellent grasp of sentence structure, grammar, and syntax, large vocabulary. Able to adapt style of writing to intended audience. Proficient with word processing and graphics systems including MS Word, MS Excel, MS PowerPoint, MS Project, MS Visio Professional, Adobe FrameMaker, Adobe Acrobat, Web Works Professional, and Microsoft HTML Help Workshop. Attend remote meetings in Zoom, Ring Central, and MS Teams.
Certifications: ITIL Foundation, 2014
MS Word Certification, 2018
Summary of Professional Experience:
Senior Technical Writer, Vision Technologies, Glen Burnie, MD: June 2017 – March 2021 (Worked remotely)
Oct 2018 – Mar 2021: Technical Writer for the Environmental Protection Agency End User Services Project
Created, reviewed, refined, formatted, and edited documents including Knowledge Articles, Glossary of Terms and Abbreviations, memos, training documents, Policy and Procedure documents, standards, Operational Plans, Standard Operating Procedures, knowledge management documents, meeting minutes, and reports. Prepared and distributed Communications to team members. Assembled, edited, formatted, and distributed a monthly newsletter. Received, edited, and prepared announcements of monthly Kudos awards for team members presented at monthly All Hands meetings. Also assembled lists of new employees, service anniversaries, and summaries of team awards. Assembled and prepared final form of the Monthly Status Report, a detailed report of the team’s performance over the previous month. The report is over 30 pages long and includes formatted text, tables, and graphics. Received, recorded, polled, and prepared announcements for monthly Spot Light Award based on polling of leads and managers of team members complimented by peers and customers. This was later replaced by a non-competitive Kudos system.
Jun – Oct 2018: Technical Writer for the Professional Services Team
Prepared, reviewed, and edited process and procedure documents. Reviewed and edited other company documents as needed. Reviewed, refined, formatted, and edited proposals. Reviewed and edited corporate resumes.
Jun 2017-Jun 2018: Technical Writer for the Environmental Protection Agency End User Services Project
Created, reviewed, refined, and edited documents including Knowledge Articles, Style Guide, Glossary of Terms and Abbreviations, memos, and training documents. Reviewed, edited, and formatted deliverable documents, e.g., test plans, test reports, QA plan, knowledge management documents, and Service Management Plan.
Used MS Word, MS Excel, SnagIT, Adobe Acrobat, MS PowerPoint, MS Visio, SharePoint, and numerous modules of ServiceNow. Attended virtual meetings in Zoom, Ring Central, and MS Teams.
Senior Technical Writer, Creative Business Solutions, Inc., Norfolk, VA: December 2016 – April 2017
Technical Writer for the LCU 2004 Service Life Extension Program (SLEP). Prepared CDRL and administrative documents including Technical Manual Quality Assurance Plan and Technical Manual Validation Plan. Member of a team documenting a major upgrade of the Army’s Landing Craft Utility (LCU), requiring the writing of seven new technical manuals, full revision of three, and preparation of change packages for 21. As a team leader, assigned Work Packages to team members and reviewed and edited their work in addition to preparing Work Packages. Also performed Peer Review of Work Packages prepared by other teams. Used MS Word, MS Excel, and Adobe Acrobat.
Senior Technical Writer, Falconwood, Inc., Norfolk, VA: April 2010 – October 2016
Technical writer for the Workforce Reconstitution portion of the Next Generation Electronic Network (NGEN) development and for the Asset Management Team. Prepared weekly, monthly, and quarterly progress and status reports and reports of projected and actual task hours for the project team. Acted as final editor for all documents produced by the project team. Contributed text, illustrations, and diagrams to project deliverable documents including plans, charters, work instructions, white papers, course descriptions, computer-based training modules, and a newsletter. Recorded minutes of meetings, hosted a weekly meeting of task leaders for work planning and general discussion. Used Remedy to enter data for new Navy-Marine Corps Intranet equipment and update information on existing equipment. Used MS Word, MS Excel, MS PowerPoint, MS Project, MS Visio Professional, Adobe Acrobat.
Senior Technical Writer, BAE Systems, Inc., Chesapeake, VA: February 2006 – April 2010
Prepared an operator’s manual for a complex and unique media product distribution system for the US Army. The system is the only one of its kind, incorporating numerous media recording, monitoring, processing, and SATCOM transmission and reception. Produced and assisted in production of several manuals for mobile command, control, and communication systems. Acted as general editor for all deliverable documents produced by the facility. Used MS Word, MS Excel, MS Visio, Adobe Acrobat, and Web Works Professional.
Technical Writer, Symantec Corp., Newport News, VA: June 2005 – November 2005
Prepared an Implementation Guide for the release of a new version of Symantec Mail Security for Microsoft Exchange, which differed significantly from the previous version. Obtained information from developers and from the application itself. Generated a help file in addition to the Implementation Guide. Used Adobe FrameMaker, Adobe Acrobat, Web Works Professional, and Microsoft HTML Help Workshop.
Senior Technical Writer, Andrulis Corp./DRC Inc., Yorktown, VA: June 2001 – June 2005
Prepared and edited support documentation for the Ordnance Information System, a system under development to combine elements of 15 legacy systems into a single online system for the acquisition, control, accounting, distribution, and disposal of Navy, Coast Guard, and Marine Corps ordnance material. Obtained information from developers and designers and from the applications online. Design Description documents required capturing screen images and modifying to remove sensitive data to enable their use in unclassified documents. Prepared documents for internal use, including handbooks, standards, procedures, and guides, recorded minutes of meetings, and prepared tables, schematics, and flow charts using MS Word, MS Excel, MS PowerPoint, and Visio Pro.
Technical Writer, PRC Inc., Virginia Beach, VA: April 1994 – June 2001
Prepared ILS and configuration management documents, Engineering Changes, Field Change Bulletins, Statements of Work, production, testing, and checkout procedures, Technical Manuals, and handbooks. Produced Equipment Level Technical Manual for Tactical System Interface Unit (TSIU), AN/SPQ-12(V) Radar Displays and Distribution System (RADDS), and AN/SSN-6 Navigation Sensor System Interface (NAVSSI) Block 1. Conducted Independent Validation and Verification (IV&V) of Technical Manual for NAVSSI Block 0, Block 2, and Block 3. Prepared extensive revision of Block 3 Technical Manual. Prepared Field Change Bulletins, Engineering Changes, and ILS documents. Produced Technical Manual and ILS documentation for Digital Electromagnetic Log (DEML). Prepared procedures for integration, testing, and checkout of systems and equipment in company’s facility. Conducted weekly checks of integration facility inventory and monthly checks of shipping and receiving documents. Prepared and reviewed procedures to be used in establishing qualification of company under ISO 9000. Produced a handbook for civilian personnel working aboard Naval vessels. Created a complete set of standard procedures for a power generating facility, including plant operation, maintenance, security, health and safety, and environmental controls. Used MS Word, MS Excel, and Visio.
Technical Writer, E.L. Hamm & Associates, Inc., Virginia Beach, VA: May 1993 - March 1994
Prepared a Type III Technical Manual for the AN/UYQ-62(V) Command and Control Processor (C2P) Subsystem for the Space and Naval Warfare Systems Command (SPAWARSYSCOM). The project involved collection and compilation of data including descriptive text, operating instructions, tabular data, and illustrations from a variety of sources into a manual over 350 pages long. The manual included physical, operational, and functional descriptions, turn-on and turn-off procedures, and planned maintenance, troubleshooting, and repair procedures and installation data for the C2P Subsystem and associated equipment. Prepared a complete revision of the SPAWARSYSCOM Electronics Safety Handbook, intended for personnel maintaining electronic equipment. The 180-page handbook addressed safety matters of concern to such personnel and incorporated data from many sources into a concise and easy-to-read format which included extensive use of graphics and illustrations.
Technical Writer, CASDE Manufacturing Corporation, Norfolk, VA: September 1987 - April 1993
Prepared Contract Data Requirements documents from start to finish, including test plans, validation plan, organization plan, and technical manual. Production of manual included establishing format and layout, compiling of front and back matter, production and positioning of tables and illustrations using several word processing and graphics programs. Prepared Engineering Change Proposals and Requests for Deviations and Waivers. Wrote and assisted in writing a number of procedures and instructions required for MIL-Q-9858A program.
Technical Writer, Superior Engineering and Electronics Co., Inc., Norfolk, VA: November 1983 - September 1987
Prepared Contract Data Requirements Documents including two complete (MIL-C-38784) technical manuals, test procedures, program plans, and periodic reports. Responsible for style, format, and content, graphs, tables, and preliminary illustrations of technical manuals. Coordinated with Drafting, Word Processing, Engineering, Production, and Quality in production of documents.
Technical Writer, AMEX Systems, Inc., Virginia Beach, VA: September 1983 - October 1983
Supervised two typists and a draftsman in preparing final form of changes to Navy Planned Maintenance System (PMS) procedures in response to suggestions from maintenance personnel. Rough form of replies was provided by technicians, ensured that text, tool lists, and illustrations were correct and in proper form.
Technical Writer, PacOrd Inc., Chesapeake, VA: May 1982 - August 1983
Prepared technical and management proposals for military and other contracts including text, graphs, charts, and résumés. Interviewed job applicants for inclusion in proposals. Prepared documents in support of existing contracts. Wrote several company manuals and instructions.
Technical Writer, Unidyne Corporation, Norfolk, VA: August 1981 - May 1982
Researched and produced a Reliability and Maintainability study on a series of Navy sonar systems. Took part in preparation of TRIDENT sonar system profile and the installation and checkout manual for two surface ship sonar systems. Prepared Engineering Change Bulletins, Change Orders, and PMS procedure cards. Responsible for final preparation of company safety manual and a quality manual for electronics assemblers.
Technical Writer, The Stanwick Corporation, Norfolk, VA: March 1981 - July 1981
Prepared specific portions of several operators' and maintenance manuals, maintenance system manuals, and overhaul for a variety of military and commercial equipment. Prepared and edited other documents. Reviewed reports and publications prior to final preparation.
Technical Writer, Q.E.D. Systems, Inc., Virginia Beach, VA: June 1979 - March 1981
Received engineering reports in rough or draft form, reviewed, formatted, and often revised text, prepared or revised tables, and prepared and delivered reports up to 100 pages long. These reports compared installation drawings to engineering standards and actual installations to the drawings. Often conducted or assisted in shipchecks to gather information for reports. Compiled material lists and manpower requirements with related costs for modification of shipboard piping systems.
Agent, The Prudential Insurance Company, Norfolk, VA: August 1977 - February 1979
Life and health agent.
Military Service: U.S. Navy: May 1974 - July 1977
Commissioned Ensign, USN in May 1974. After Surface Warfare School, served in USS SHREVEPORT (LPD 12), first as First Division Officer (Deck Department) and then as Electronic Warfare Officer (Operations Department). Advanced to Lieutenant (jg) in June 1976. Collateral duties included Intelligence Officer and Public Affairs Officer.
Education: BA, English, University of Rochester, 1974
Contact this candidate