Experienced in the Professional and IT
Services environment as *Instructional
Content Engineer *Productivity Coach and
Analyst *IT Analyst/ SME (with ITIL v3
Certification) *Incident Management
Coordinator and *Technical Engineer.
PROFILE SUMMARY
1136 Avocado St. CKV
Valenzuela City, PH 1440
(63-933-***-****
admvhj@r.postjobfree.com
Skype: lizkoto14
CONTACT DETAILS
WORK HISTORY
Instructional Content Engineer
Produced, built and published help content for various products of Optiva and Aurea such as GFI, Exinda, Nextdocs, AES, Kerio and Infinio, Reports to the Instructional Content Architect.
Entrusted with all the stages and deliverables of Documentation Process which includes research & planning, writing new content, maintaining existing content, review and proofreading and publishing online help. Integrated learning and development on help conversion projects using authoring tools such as MadCap Flare, DITA, Help & Manual and OxygenXML, etc.
Trained to handle the technical communication and documentation project moving towards project management across the professional services team.
Crossover - January 2019 - August 2019
Productivity Coach and Analyst
Started as Productivity Level 1 then moved up to Productivity Level 2 team September 2018 to develop content of training materials for WorksSmart Pro for managers.
Conducted productivity trainings for Crossover's existing individual contractors from Projects Q2 2017 - Q4 2018 as well as WSPro Bootcamp for New Managers and WS Pro Compliance
Identified key insights into productivity and operations towards meeting 25% improvement for the first four weeks in coaching/training, and continuous IC improvement.
Developed content and strategy of productivity training materials for Central's technical accounts such as Engineering, QA Manual Testers, Source and Maintenance teams.
Crossover - March 2017 - December 2018
MARIA MELLIZA
V. CRUZ
RECENTLY CERTIFIED AS SOCIAL MEDIA
MANAGER AND DIGITAL MARKETER
Network Service Desk
Managed and performed TRIAGE as part of the support process which includes declaring event outages till effectively following up after resolution
Technical Support for both corporate and wholesale clients Had extensive training and usage of Dude Server, Cacti, BAAMs, SCG, Zone Director, Smokeping, Salesforce, Bria, Google Plus, Olark, as daily tools. BigAir Group Limited, remote work - January 2015 - May 2016
Digital Marketing February 2020
ShawAcademy
Social Media Management and Marketing March 2020
FHMOMs
ITIL V3 Foundation Certification - IT Service Management January 2014 AXELOS
Six Sigma Certification – White Belt May 2014
Aveta Business Institute
Electronics and Communications Engineer License No. 26453 PRC Board Exams March 2002
University of the East, Caloocan City Philippines- Bachelor of Science in Electronics and Communications Engineering
June 1996 - October 2002
EDUCATION AND CERTIFICATIONS
HARIBON FOUNDATION
IEEE
FHMOMS
MEMBERSHIPS
Incident Management Coordinator
Coordinated the restoration of the customer’s affected service(s) as fast as possible, while minimizing the impact to the client and maintaining the integrity of the company.
Enforced the Incident Management Process through the lifecycle of all Critical Incident as per documented process.
Coordinated service restoration activities through the identification of resolutions and workarounds.
Controled critical incidents end-to-end through their lifecycle utilizing the Escalation and Notification (E&N) and other processes. Acted as Liaison with stakeholders to ensure process compliance. Initiated, established and facilitated Service Restoration Teams (SRTs) as per documented process.
Stefanini, Philippines - December 2012 - May 2014
Contact this candidate