RAVEN A NUCKOLS
Washington, DC Metropolitan Area
571-***-**** • admx41@r.postjobfree.com

Technical Writing and Data Center • Program Management • Process Improvement • Published Author
Policy Implementation • Organizational Restructuring • Executive Advisor • SDLC SME
Earned Value Management • Cybersecurity & UX Writing • CMMI, FISMA, NIST • Trainer • Linux/Github
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Financial Technical Writer • Mind Finders/Smithsonian Institution (SI) • Fully Remote • May 2020 – November 2020 (Laid off due to COVID)
Responsible for supporting support for all SI Office of Finance & Accounting (OF&A) client research, analysis, editorial functions and monitoring products and projects.
Develop specific templates and guidelines, review, edit, revise and finalize a variety of documentation to include SME interviews, research, analysis, and monitoring of products and projects, briefings and other project deliverables.
Provide recommendations regarding communication of project planning, status, and results to relevant stakeholders and management.
Maintain reports, record keeping, and quality control associated with organizational goals and initiatives as mentioned above.
Freelance Writer and Author • Self Employed • Kearneysville, WV • October 2018 – Present
Free-lance writer and self-publishing author available by the project or hour.
Sr. Technical Writer • Book Zurman • Kearneysville, WV • September 2019 – January 2020
Served as a contractor to the Department of Veterans Administration for the CIDMO program converting Veteran records from the Department of Defense (DOD) over to the VA electronic record system allowing veterans to access their own healthcare records online.
Technical Writer (TW) • Trident Systems Inc. • Fairfax, VA • December 2017 – July 2018
Responsible for meeting a variety of key document deliverables to a client of the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) related to the Enhanced Regional Situational Awareness (ERSA) program in conjunction with Joint Air Defense Operations Center (JADOC) protecting the National Capitol Region airspace by identifying potential threats in real time.
Technical Writer (TW) • Quadrant • Reston, VA • August 2017 – November 2017
Served as a TW consultant to the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (HHS), advising on a variety of documentation needs including standard operating procedures, policies and processes, and training materials as needed for a short term four-month contract. Reviewed FISMA and NIST standards priors to implementing documentation to ensure appropriate guidelines were followed. Developed a variety of both SDLC and Acquisition Life Cycle documents including but not limited to: Concept of Operations (CONOPS), Operational Requirements Document (ORD), eRepository Process, User and Administrator Guides, among others. Worked with Linux and Github systems in translating the information from a Programmer to essential writing deliverables.
Sr. Technical Writer (TW) • IBC/Dominion Solutions • Washington, DC • August – September 2016 (One-month contract position)
Served as TW Subject Matter Expert (SME) at the Department of Veterans Affairs, responsible for the editing, review, and quality control for final production of a FY16 Agency Financial Report, due from the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to the President of the United States (POTUS) and Congress in November 2016.
Sr. Technical Writer (TW)/Team Lead • Salient/CRGT• Arlington, VA • August 2015 – June 2016
Served as TW Subject Matter Expert and Team Lead onsite at the US Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO) responsible for the creation, development, and implementation of a variety of documents and deliverables for the Patent Trial Appeal Board (PTAB) Development program following the Agile method. Managed the TW team objectives, individual development regarding conduct of technical/substantive duties, and ensured adherence to industry standards of both professional and technical requirements, including both SOPs and MOPs. Provided final review and approval for deliverables and developed internal processes and procedures for both operational and technical requirements. Responsible for advising Senior Management. Developed critical SDLC documents such as Administrator Guides, Architecture and UX Manuals, Software Backup Procedures, Patch Installation Schedules, Requirements Documents, Mission Needs Statement (MNS), Analysis of Alternatives (AoA), trained users on how to use the upgraded software across the agency.
Sr. Technical Writer/Team Lead • ASM Research • Fairfax, VA • December 2014 – July 2015
Served as the Quality Assurance (QA) Team Lead, responsible for creation, development, and implementation of a variety of deliverables produced for the Continuous Readiness Information Security Protection (CRISP) program of the Department of Veterans Affairs. Managed QA personnel and objectives, mentoring team members on technical and substantive duties, maintaining industry standards for professional and developmental requirements. Provided final review and approval for deliverables and developed internal processes and procedures for operational and technical requirements. Responsible for developing, editing and finalizing deliverables that are consistent with the style guide and company standards.
Technical Writer • Oxley Enterprises Inc. • Arlington, VA • June – September 2014 (Six-month contract only)
Served as a contractor to the Department of Veterans Affairs ICD-10 program, providing technical writing and editing support for a variety of products including: technical articles, processes, procedures, reports, installation guides, manuals, and other documentation as needed. Assisted in collecting and organizing information to creating client user manuals, training materials, installation guides, proposals, and reports.
Technical Writer • ECS Federal • Fairfax, VA • March 2013 – February 2014
Established and developed standards for technical documents for U.S. Postal Service, Office of the Inspector General (OIG) Chief Information Office (CIO). Responsible for the implementation, development, and oversight of the CIO Service Desk Knowledge Base repository on SharePoint. Served as the SME for the CIO of technical documentation and briefing technical specifications to senior management, including both lay and expert audiences. Translated complex requirements into distribution and training materials for technical and businesses conferences. Conducted fact-finding interviews with SMEs and management teams, analyzed resulting data developing deliverables based on those interviews.
Process & Policy Writer • Strategic Analysis, Inc. • Arlington, VA • January - May 2011 (Contract ended)
Process Lead for the U.S. Department of Homeland Security, Customs and Border Protection, Facilities and Tactical Infrastructure Program Management Office in Washington, DC. [Contract transferred over from Avaya Government Solutions.] Responsible for identifying improvement needs and developing the resulting processes, procedures and policies to streamline the organization. Established the first Process Control Board (PCB), implementing key structural documentation processes within the organization. Developed processes aligned with the ISO 9001 QA model.
Contract transferred from Avaya Government Solutions May – December 2010
Quality Assurance Analyst • Avaya Government Solutions • Fairfax, VA • February 2008 – May 2010
Responsible for researching, identifying and analyzing process improvement needs for the organization. Employed the Standard Capability Maturity Model Integration (CMMI) Appraisal Method for Process Improvement (SCAMPI) in a team effort that won a Level 3 passing rating, leveraging Lean Six Sigma methods. Developed recommendations for streamlining organizational performance drafting a Communications Plan and Continuance of Operations Plan (COOP).
Business Analyst Consultant • Convergenz • McLean, VA • September 2007 – February 2008 (Six-month Contract) Hired by Client (Avaya Government Solutions)
Established standard metrics for services organization based on performance and business development factors. Performed budget analysis, root-cause analyses, profitability reporting, Risk Analysis, Earned Value Management (EVM) and resource forecasting for various government agencies, including the Department of Defense (DOD).
Contract Administrator & Budget Analyst • Evidence Based Research • Vienna, VA • March – August 2007
Contract Specialist • Northrop Grumman • Chantilly, VA • November 2005 – March 2007
Project Coordinator • B&B Armr Corporation • McLean, VA • November 2004 – November 2005
Realtor • Eclipse Realtors • Manassas, VA • August 2003 – November 2004
Administrative Assistant • Eclipse Realtors • Manassas, VA • August 2003 – September 2004
EDUCATION & PUBLICATIONS
Bachelors of Science in Economics, Strayer University, December 2009
Author & Historian • Arlington, VA • March 2010 - Present
Develop, produce, and publish books of both history and fiction. Published two historical fiction books focusing on the English Tudor period. Developed and implemented a full book marketing campaign, including nationwide book signings and international interviews.
Had the Queen Lived: An Alternative History of Anne Boleyn (Author House, October 2011.)
Had the Queen Lived: King Henry IX (Author House, July 2013.)
CERTIFICATIONS & CLEARANCES
US Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO) – Public Trust, December 2015
Veterans Administration (VA) - Public Trust, Granted July 2014
USPS Office of Inspector General - Public Trust, Granted April 2013
Customs and Border Protection (CBP) - Public Trust, Granted September 2010
CMMI V1.2 (Capability Maturity Model Integration) Certification, February 2009
Inactive Secret security clearance, Granted October 2007 (Expired October 2009)
Virginia Licensed Realtor, 2003-2013 (Inactive)
LINKS
Nuckols, Raven A. Linkedin.com Website, 2020. https://www.linkedin.com/in/raven-a-nuckols-54924a8/
Nuckols, Raven A. Freelance, Personal and Professional Portfolio: https://ravenanuckols.com/
Contact this candidate