SUCHITH SOMAN T
Thekkedath House
Thrissur, Kerala
Email: ado14u@r.postjobfree.com
Experienced Business Analyst with 6+ years’ experience. Blending people management skills and analytic skills to ease project delivery. Have a Masters in Wireless Networks and Applications.
Business Analyst with experience in client interaction experience and delivery management.
Understanding of the International payment methods such as RTGS, ACH and others.
Good knowledge on the SWIFT, RENTAS, IBG.
Technical writer- experience in software development life cycle
Proactive worker who does not compromise in the project delivery and ensures high standards. Working as a Business Analyst at ECS (2019 - present)
During this tenure have worked on different projects for a few different clients off shore.
From June 2020, working remotely dedicatedly for AmBank projects. Davivienda, Colombia - Payments
Handled the Davivienda Customer onboarding project. The project deals with the transformations of the payment related messages. Transforms the bank’s corporate customers’ proprietary message format to the bank’s proprietary message format.
Created an in-depth analyses of the project. Participated with peers and represented the project team. Took ownership of the project delivery from beginning to the delivery. The roles and responsibilities include -
Frequent corporate integrations
o Requirement Study.
o Client interactions for requirement analysis.
o Prepare Integration Specification documents and Change Requests Forms.
Coordination of the project deliveries
o Project Management.
o Prepare project plan and assign resources.
o QA verification.
o Support during UAT and Production migration.
Post Delivery
o Manage documents related to the project.
o Analyze customer issues related to IMS and provide solutions. Ambank, Malaysia- Payments
Worked as a consultant for the product team, during the RPP Phase II requirement analysis.
Studied the RPP Phase-2 Functional Specification from the central bank.
Created use cases based on the workflows.
Presentations and clarification session with the product team
Prepared the documentation for the illustrations and application workflows
Involved in Scan Me project requirements analysis
Worked with the QA team on the QR code project deliveries to confirm the features meeting the customer expectations
EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
Professional Experience
OnSite AmBank (Since June 2020)
Business Requirement Analysis
o Requirement Study.
o Client interactions for requirement analysis.
o Prepare Integration Specification documents and Change Requests Forms.
Coordination of the project deliveries
o Project Management.
o Prepare project plan and assign resources.
o QA verification.
o Support during UAT and Production migration.
Post Delivery
o Manage documents related to the project.
o Analyze customer issues related to IMS and provide solutions Wored as Research Associate at Amrita E-learning Research Labs (2014 Aug – 2019 Aug)
Assist the Product Manager in managing A-VIEW software
Writing technical specification/POC for new features, user manuals etc
Track the development activities using Redmine.
State of the art study - for the implementation of hybrid networking topology
Research paper on the work done at the lab
Developed the use cases for NBA accreditation
Worked with the entire process of software development life cycle including, o Analysis and design
o Functional requirement analysis
o Data analysis
o System design
o Testing and
o Implementation
Collaborated with client, subject matter experts and the developers.
Completed the “Certified Banking Domain Professional”, conducted by MVL Consulting Private Limited
Completed the “ISO 20022 Master Class”, conducted by MVL Consulting Private Limited
Gold Medal - topper of the batch, M. Techin Wireless Networks and Application(Amrita University)
Best Master Thesis - from Wireless Networks and Application(Amrita University)
Ajith Kumar R., Suchith Soman T, Sankaran Narayanan, Kamal Bijlani., "Hybrid architectures for large-scale blended classrooms: A case study", in the Proc. of the 9th International Conference on Computing, Communication and Networking Technology (ICCCNT),2018, Bengaluru, India.
Kalyan Pathapati Subbu and Suchith Soman T., “An Interference Mitigation Scheme for IEEE 802.15.4 Networks under IEEE 802.11b/g Interference”, in the Proc. of the 5th International Conference on Computing, Communication and Networking Technology (ICCCNT),2014, Hefei, China.
PUBLICATIONS
ACADEMIC ACHIEVEMENTS AND ACTIVITIES
Programming Languages : HTML5, Embedded C, NesC
Project Management : Redmine
Software Tools : Adobe Flash Builder, MATLAB
Documentation : MS Word/Powerpoint, MS Excel, Microsoft Visio 2014 M. Tech. in Wireless Networks and Applications CGPA: 9. 54 Amrita Vishwa Vidyapeetham
Place: Trivandrum
Date: 31/05/2021 Suchith Soman T
SKILLS
EDUCATION
Contact this candidate