WHITNEY A. DUNCAN
ado180@r.postjobfree.com 443-***-****

Purposeful professional with a Master of Management degree specializing in Project Management.
Experience coordinating projects directed towards strategic business and organizational objectives.
Adept at analyzing reports and metrics, improving processes, achieving cost reductions, and resolving client issues to satisfaction. Proven history of streamlining operations to optimize productivity and efficiency through strategic measures
EXPERIENCE
FEBRUARY 2020 TO PRESENT
TECHNICAL WRITER ARCH SYSTEMS, INC.
Create strong content that fulfills company standards and audience goals.
Prepare, review revise, and maintain technical documents, including software and systems operations, testing, and user documentation. v
Analyze documents to maintain continuity of style and ensure that they meet 508 Compliance requirements.
Triage end-user feedback and initiate customer outreach if needed.
Collaborate with technical teams regarding program releases and issues.
JANUARY 2019 TO JUNE 2019
PROJECT MANAGER, I FANNIE MAE
Effectively maintained team project plans and provided status reports.
Managed daily team activities to advance the work of various projects.
Facilitated process improvement projects over multiple departments.
Managed key internal and external relationships.
Managed administrative tasks to include access requests, space management, equipment procurement, and tracking, and contractor requisitions and work orders.

AUGUST 2017 TO JUNE 2019
PROJECT COORDINATOR VISION TECHNOLOGIES
Worked as the lead coordinator on security system expansion project for Social Security Administration.
Assisted project managers with their daily responsibilities including scheduling projects using Microsoft Project and internal company software, fostered client relations, and inventory management.
Assisted in the development and analyzed profit and loss charts that detail the expenditures of each project, including materials cost, billable hours, and miscellaneous expenses.
Worked in tandem with the project engineer, project foreman, and other project coordinators to review the details of each new project, including start and end dates, labor hours, materials, and special requests to ensure on-time delivery.
Supervised the warranty registration process, to ensure that all company installed materials and labor were protected.

MAY 2016 TO AUGUST 2017
PROJECT COORDINATOR WITTENBACH BUSINESS SYSTEMS
Independently managed the production of high-quality, professional proposals, and presentations.
Developed and managed quarterly budgets to ensure that departmental cost guidelines and operational revenue goals were aligned.
Co-managed the installation services group on the coordination of the installation of banking and security equipment.
Processed sales orders by submitting orders to the appropriate manufacturers, entering orders into the WBS database, tracking orders and return authorizations, and requesting Price Deviation Authorizations (PDAs) when necessary.

SEPTEMBER 2014 TO MAY 2016
OFFICE SERVICES MANAGER SBM MANAGEMENT
Developed improved production schedules that increased client satisfaction and optimized plant production productivity by monitoring inventory levels to ensure correct materials were on hand to support production requirements while optimizing inventory levels and procurement costs.
Managed site shipping, receiving, material storage, and inter-plant movement activities for effective facility space utilization, labor efficiency, and material flow.
Partnered with other site functional leaders to identify and implement process improvements in shared areas of accountability in support of excellence in overall site performance.
Assisted in the implementation of new processes and developed detailed and effective process improvement documents.

AUGUST 2013 TO AUGUST 2014
FUNDRAISING COORDINATOR mda of maryland
Functioned as the budget coordinator, overseeing and managing all expenses and reimbursements.
Fundraised 20k per month, by effectively planning, marketing, events, and donor development.
Implemented successful marketing initiatives and designed and created content for marketing materials using Adobe Creative Suite and MS Publisher.
Conducted interviews and all hiring processes, including oversight of recruitment callers to solicit funds for fundraising events.
Participated in the execution and management of MDA’s fundraising programs including the ability to multi-task, managed logistics, and followed through on multiple events and programs simultaneously.
EDUCATION
JUNE 2016
MASTER OF MANAGEMENT, PROJECT MANAGEMENT SPECIALIZATION, KAPLAN UNIVERSITY
3.98 GPA DELTA MU DELTA HONOR SOCIETY INDUCTEE
MAY 2011
BACHELOR OF POLITICAL SCIENCE, MORGAN STATE UNIVERSITY
CERTIFICATIONS & SKILLS

Certified Scrum Master Client Management Scheduling Inventory/Budget Management Microsoft Office & Project Critical Thinking Time Management
Contact this candidate