Barry Cisneroz
***** ***** **** ***
Morgan Hill, CA 95037
669-***-****
ado9e0@r.postjobfree.com
Objective: Seeking a contract or permanent position in which I can utilize and expand my expertise in documentation, project management, and training.
Education:
Heald Institute of Technology Major: Electronic Engineering
A.S.E.T., May '82
Qualifications Summary
A proven highly productive and energetic business communications professional with 34 years of software and hardware industry experience within various high technology environments and disciplines. Having over 24 years of writing and project management experience in the technical publications, content management and web communications fields. Possessing the proven ability to lead and collaborate as a team member with cross-functional teams, including system architects, user interface designers, visual designers, product development engineering and support teams. My specialties and skills are concentrated within the following areas: Technical Writing, Business Analysis, Project Management, Technical Training, Course Development, Instructional Design and Software Development Lifecycle (SDLC) process development/implementation.
Software Application and Language Expertise and/or Experience
FrameMaker 16.0
XMetal 10.0
DreamWeaver CS5
Arbortext 5.3
DITA 1.2
Sharepoint
Confluence
Perforce P4
Macintosh OS X
MS-Office
Visio 2013
MS Excel 2018
MS Word 2016
Windows 10
AutoCAD Lite
Livelink 9.1.0
Oxygen Authoring
MS -Excel 2016
Wiki
Balsamiq 2.0
SDL Publication Manage
WebWorks ePub
Pro
Snagit 11.0
Google docs
Adobe Acrobat
Adobe Photoshop CS5
Hardware Platforms
DOS/Windows 7-10 - Macintosh OS X - Sun Solaris and HP-UX Workstations
Recent Experience Summary
My recent projects have involved operating a corporate structuring business and writing various technical support manuals which provide the procedural and reference information for IOT and Unified Compute Platforms. Additionally being a Professional Trustee, Nominee Officer and partner in a corporate structuring business. Writing and managing our website content, blog and wrote 95% of the content from scratch.
The website address is: https://www/nvcausa.com.
Other previous positions included developing documentation for Global Positioning Systems infrastructure and components for use in the Mining, Construction and Farming industries. Utilizing GPS technologies, large equipment can be precisely positioned with sub-centimeter accuracy. Also creating documentation for the infrastructure, processes and policies for Global Content Management (GCM) systems. My documentation has provided support for the internationalization, localization and deployment of corporate data to worldwide websites.
The software applications I have worked include Java-based business-to-business application generation tools, music database tools and system prototyping tools. Having written these documents in topic based DITA and the content was produced in Task, Concept and Reference XML files which were stored in Content Management Systems and databases. Having extensive internetworking software and hardware documentation support experience, including LAN and WAN connectivity. Having created storyboards, wireframes, use cases, and use models for use within networks and applications. Also delivering JavaHelp, WebWorks Help and HTML Help documentation helpsets for utilization within software applications. Documenting the infrastructure, processes and policies for Global Content Management (GCM) systems.

Anritsu, Inc Morgan Hill, Ca 4/21-5/21
Senior Technical Writer (Contract)

Working on handheld RF, cellular and microwave testing, sensing and repair for customer facing documentation. Working with software engineering documenting software directly involving SDK and API content.

Neosem, Inc Pleasanton, CA 11/20-2/21
Senior Technical Writer (Contract)

Worked on semiconductor test systems. Supporting the documentation and supporting the development, writing editing, procedural, manufacturing, technical support and client support documentation. Worked with software engineering documenting software directly involving SDK and API content.

Nova Measuring Systems, Inc Fremont, CA 6/20-10/20
Senior Technical Writer (Contract)

Working on a Semiconductor measurement system providing technical writing support. Working with hardware, software, and electrical engineers to write and edit, procedural, manufacturing, technical support and client support documentation.

KLA Tencor Milpitas, CA 2/20- 6/20
Senior Technical Writer (Contract)

Working on a proprietary hardware project providing technical writing support. Creating user experience content within system control software. Writing the dialog, tips, and error messages. Additionally, working with Electrical, Optical, and Mechanical engineers to develop support procedures for Professional Services, Technical Support, and manufacturing personnel. Worked with software engineering documenting software directly involving SDK and API content.

Thermo Fisher, Inc. San Jose, CA 6/19 – 12/19
Senior Technical Writer (Contract)

Writing embedded helpset content and publishing the Webworks-based CHMs for the various models of the Orbitrap Exploris mass spectrometer systems. Creating user experience content within system control software. Writing the dialog, tips, and error messages. The source files were written in xMetal and stored in SDL Publication Manager. The documentation also supports the attendant liquid chromatographic systems and handlers. Worked with software engineering documenting software directly involving SDK and API content.

Google, Inc. Mountain View, CA 9/18 – 4/19
Senior Technical Writer (Contract)

Working on a proprietary hardware project providing technical writing support. Writing manufacturing processes and instructions for internal and vendor support. Interacted directly as a team member with the software, hardware and manufacturing engineers to create and validate content.

G.E. Health Systems, Inc. Sunnyvale, CA 12/17 – 9/18
Senior Technical Writer (Contract)
Provided support for the Invenia ABUS system in the G.E. Health Care division. Writing the internal Service Manual and Service Notes to support Field Service Engineers in the maintenance, corrective, and replacement processes for previous and current system versions. Interacting directly as a team member with the software, hardware, and manufacturing engineers to create, verify, and validate content.
Hitachi Data Systems Santa Clara, CA 3/17 – 12/17
Senior Technical Writer (Contract)
Provided support to various software engineering teams for IOT, Unified Compute Platform (UCP), API connector, server installation, configuration, maintenance and troubleshooting. UCP is a cloud-based Datacenter appliance and software application package running on VMware. Also creating user experience content within system control software. Writing the dialog, tips, and error messages. The documentation is created as DITA topics using xMetal and managed through SDL Knowledge Center – Publication Manager.

Stem, Inc. Millbrae, CA 6/16 to 2/17
Senior Technical Writer (Contract)
Providing Technical Writing support for the pre-sales and post-sales engineering departments. This documentation includes Data sheets, Technical Specifications, Integration manuals and User manuals supporting the power monitoring, data analytics, LAN/WAN communications and battery storage systems. Interacting directly as a team member with the software, hardware and manufacturing engineers to create and validate content.

Velodyne Lidar, Inc. Morgan Hill, CA 7/16 to 11/16
Senior Technical Writer (Contract)
Wrote, edited and updated user manuals supporting the VLP-16 and VLP-32 LIDAR Sensors in Task, Concept and Reference based DITA XML files. This support includes researching technical data and operational methodologies on both systems and integration. These manuals are customer-facing support documents. Interacting directly with the software, hardware and manufacturing development engineers to create and validate content as the sole writer on this project.

Gener8, Inc. Sunnyvale, CA 3/16 to 7/16
Senior Technical Writer (Contract)
Provided work instructions documenting manufacturing processes. These documents included step-by-step manufacturing documents to support engineering and technical personnel. In addition, Created the facilitization, operation, maintenance manuals for the semiconductor processing equipment being manufactured. The content was kept on an internal Wiki.
Applied Materials, Inc. Sunnyvale, CA 8/15 to 2/16
Senior Technical Writer (Contract)
Supported the Metals Deposition Products division with writing, revision and editing. This support included researching technical data, interacting with subject matter experts and creating Site Preparation, Operation, and Maintenance content. This documentation was created in both FrameMaker 12 and Oxygen Editor for both PDF and DITA based deliverable support. These Task, Concept and Reference based DITA XML files were stored in a Sharepoint server.

Intertrust, Inc. Sunnyvale, CA 6/14 to 8/14
Senior Technical Writer (Contract)
Worked on the ExpressPlay digital rights management software application and marketing collateral supporting the application and its integration. Created user experience content within system control software, including dialogs, Tips, and error messages. This DRM application supports mobile, app security, data, healthcare and content protection. The documentation supported the Android, IOS, OSX, and Windows platforms. These Task, Concept and Reference based DITA XML files were stored in a Sharepoint server.

Nevada Corporate Associates, LLC. Carson City, NV 8/14 to Present
Partner Website: www.nvcausa.com
Providing Paralegal, Professional Trustee, Resident Agent and sales support for clients of our business. We provide Corporate Structuring, Trust Structuring, Public Charities and Private Foundations to domicile and protect client assets. My main task is the management of the corporate website. Using Dreamweaver CS5 Stylized the content using Cascading Style Sheet. Also writing, edit, deploy and manage the use cases and use models for optimal user experience. The website content is delivered through a Filezilla FTP client.

KLA-Tencor, Inc Milpitas 1/14 to 6/14
Senior Technical Writer (Contract)
Wrote, edited and updated manuals supporting the latest Reflected Electron Beam Lithography system. This documentation support included, Site Preparation, Safety, Service and User Guide manuals. The documentation is developed in FrameMaker 11 with the final deliverables being CDs/DVDs shipped with the system. Interacting directly with the development engineers and the system to create and validate content. As the sole writer on this project and also performed the editing tasks.

Hitachi Data Systems, Inc Santa Clara 2/12 to1/14
Senior Technical Writer (Contract)
Providing technical writing support for the Hitachi Capacity Optimization deduplication Purpose Built Appliance system. PDF deliverables were created using structured FrameMaker and XMetal. Interacting in a cross-functional team of Japan-based engineering/quality assurance and local global support engineers. The FrameMaker source files were converted to DITA topic based XML files. These Task, Concept and Reference based DITA XML files were stored in an SDL server. Managing the transfer of these files to an SDL database for implementation and reusability. Reviews and document sharing within stakeholders and subject matter experts were accomplished using SharePoint Server 2007.

Aoptix, Inc Campbell 7/12 to 11/12
Senior Technical Writer (Contract)
Providing technical writing support for a commercial laser data communication link system. Created an installation and configuration manual supporting field deployment. This fixed mounted system enables low latency data, voice and video communications. The target audience of the documentation are local technicians and support staff. The developed documentation was stored on an internal Wiki.

Kateeva, Inc Menlo Park 10/11 to 4/12
Senior Technical Writer (Contract)
Providing technical writing support for an OLED thin film processing system. Writing the installation, operation and process manuals in unstructured FrameMaker and delivering PDF versions to users varying from design engineers to technicians and technical support staff. Being a team member and contributor in various cross-functional project teams.

Aoptix, Inc Campbell 9/11 to 12/11
Senior Technical Writer (Contract)
Providing technical writing support for a military laser data communication link system. I provided an installation and configuration manual supporting field deployment. This airborne communication system is installed in various fixed wing and floatation craft. The target audience of the documentation is a local technician remotely installing the system without off-site support.

Shaklee, Inc Pleasanton 5/11 to 11/11
Business Analyst (Contract)
Providing Business Analyst support to research, develop and provide business requirements for the development and implementation of an Integrated Content Management system. This included the development of Use Cases, Wireframes, Workflow diagrams and Test plans. Interpreting customer business needs and translating them into application and operational requirements in a product team including, Marketing, IT, Application Developers, User Experience Engineers and Stakeholders. This system was designed to integrate disparate content asset systems and data silos into a comprehensive model providing catalog and library media assets to system users through a single user interface implementing workflow and lifecycle management.

Xyratex, Inc. Fremont 3/11 to 5/11
Senior Technical Writer (Contract)
Providing support for manufacturing process documentation. Also,providing step-by-step manufacturing documents to support engineering and technical personnel. This support includes researching technical data and operational methodologies on both systems and platforms. Creating facilitization, operation, preventive maintenance, standardized maintenance manuals, and Test Floor procedural documentation.
EMC, Inc. Pleasanton 11/10 to 3/11
Senior Technical Writer (Contract)
Being responsible for creating documentation supporting the Healthcare Integration Platform. The project deliverable is an Administration and SDK Guide. The Administration Guide provides support for software engineers and data center administrators for the installation, configuration and verification of the application. The content provided Java-based API references and plug-in code to support the server implementations for XDS Registry server, XDS Repository server, and XCA Gateway server instances. Providing the document management support to upload the created files into a Documentum Content Management System staging server. Using Arbortext 5.3 to author the content in XML/DITA. These Task, Concept and Reference based DITA XML files were stored in a Documentum server.
Novariant, Inc Fremont 08/05 to 09/10
Senior Technical Writer (Contract)
Responsible for documentation supporting the mining and construction products. These products utilize L-Band frequencies to monitor and broadcast GPS data and GPS positional correction data streams. The document deliverables were a WebWorks 5.0 Helpset with a PDF version. Both of these deliverables have been created and are maintained in a conditionalized FrameMaker 7.1 book. The content was gathered from marketing requirements documents, developers input, written specifications and through the use of the software applications.
MKS Instruments, Inc Santa Clara 08/04 to 03/05
Senior Technical Writer (Contract)
Creating new FrameMaker and WebWorks templates to produce technical documentation for the TOOLweb statistical process analysis and defect characterization software application. Producing single-sourced FrameMaker/WebWorks based projects files to produce embedded context sensitive Help and PDF versions of API Reference Guides, Programmers Guide and Developers manuals. The content was gathered from developers, written specifications and through the use of the software application. Interacting with the application developers to formulate content based upon the usability constraints of the application’s target audience. Providing usability and defect testing for the application. Edited and published all documentation formats and delivered content to a local extranet server.
Network Associates, Inc Santa Clara 12/03 to 07/04
Senior Technical/UX Writer/Business Analyst (Contract)
Creating engineering, business and user documentation for the Webservices IT division. Working with Software Developers, Business Analysts and Quality Control department personnel to produce documentation for the
Java-based - Global Content Management (GCM) system infrastructure and business. Helping to model the SDLC process and workflows for the system. Developing Use Cases and Use Models for optimization of the user experience. The GCM system enables the translation, internationalization and localization of the NAI corporate websites for regional worldwide deployment. Also, administrated the iManage documentation repository for all the Web services IT documentation workspaces. Additionally, Managing the staging server for the TeamSite Content Management System, to ensure file promotion to the production server.
Cisco Systems, Inc. San Jose 03/04 to 06/04
Technical/UX Writer/Business Analyst (contract)
Created architecture and implementation documentation in the Global Shared Services division. Working with Analysts, Architects, User Experience Engineers, Network and Systems Engineers I documented the Cisco Documentum Intranet Enterprise Content Management (ECM) system infrastructure and deployment, including API interface and database integrations. Developing Use Cases and Use Models for optimization of the user experience. My duties included the interpretation and incorporation of business requirements, Use Cases, Use Models and the creation and maintenance of the Business Requirements documentation. Also involving the implementation of QA and testing procedures for the ECM system with publication of content using Dreamweaver. The team developed and deployed the ECM environments for promotion of content from the Test, Staging and Production servers.
Sun Microsystems, Inc. Menlo Park 9/03 - 11/03
Senior Technical Writer (Contract)
Created support, engineering and user documentation for the Starbux e-commerce system. This deployment is based upon the Interwoven TeamSite Java-based Global Content Management system. TeamSite enables business units to enter all product and product hierarchy information into a forms-based GUI for delivery to intranet, extranet and Internet sites. Working with User Experience Engineers I worked on the development of Use Cases and Use Models. The SDK tools enabled the development of the site. The GUI forms produce XML content which is derived from static, managed and templated web-page content. The workflow included an internationalization and localization phase enabling a British-English version to be translated into many other languages. The entire publication/translation process is iterated in two-week cycles and included the API Reference Guides for accessing remote data silos. I managed the delivery of content from the staging to the production environments using developed business rules.
Nevada Corporate Resources San Jose 6/02 to 10/03
Technical Writer (Contract)
Created on online help system based website for delivery to the Internet. This website is the principal source of advertising for the company's corporate inception and management services. Starting from scratch, creating the templates and an outline for the website content. The documentation sets were created as single-source FrameMaker books for delivery as online and hardcopy versions. Performing both the marketing and content research and developed an overall product offering proposal based upon that research. Managing all of the web-mastering and search engine listings for the website with Overture and Google. Finishing the project by developing marketing collateral for a color brochure.
Novera Optics, Inc. San Jose 5/01 to 12/01
Technical Writer (Contract)
Created hardcopy and an online 3-pane Helpset documentation version from a single FrameMaker source book. Also creating the FrameMaker and WebWorks templates to meet the requirements of product marketing and engineering. This project included a Quick Start Guide and a command-line Software Reference Manual, API Reference Guide and System Integrator documentation. The 400 page two-book project required the creation of all the content materials from scratch as the company’s first technical writing project. Interacting with marketing, electrical engineering, optical engineering and software engineering project team members to write the project deliverables. The command-line interface Software reference was written specifically for system integration engineers.

WebPutty, Inc San Jose 1/01 to 6/01
Technical Writer (Contract)
Being part of a three member writing team supporting the Java-based Webputty Framework SE business-to-business application generation software application. Web application developers were the target audience for this documentation. The first portion of this project involved importing the usable content from existing MS-Word documents. The second portion of this project involved creating content for new and updated application feature sets. This process requires on-going interaction with the software development and quality assurance engineers to assimilate and document the software application updates. Using FrameMaker and WebWorks Help, Creating a robustly linked context-sensitive online help system. This documentation supported System Integrator API Reference Guides and the Webputty SDK. This functionality was implemented through the use of conditionalized text, cross-referencing and Hypertext linking to create a documentation set utilizing single-sourced files for hardcopy and online delivery.

OpenGlobe, Inc Los Gatos 11/00 to 4/01
Technical Writer (Contract)
Creating new FrameMaker and WebWorks templates to produce technical documentation for the Media Manager music management database software application. I was the only documentation specialist on this project. The single-sourced FrameMaker/WebWorks-based projects files produced Hardcopy, PDF and a compiled HTML Help.chm helpset. The HTML helpset was fully integrated into the software application implementing context sensitivity with target IDs provided by the software development group. The content information was gathered from developers, written specifications and through the use of the software application. Interacting with the application developers Formulating content based upon the usability constraints of the application’s target audience. Also providing usability and defect testing for the application. I edited and published all of the content for the three documentation formats and delivered the content to a local extranet server.
Sun Microsystems, Inc. Palo Alto/Santa Clara, CA 11/99 to 1/01
Technical Writer (Contract)
Creating new technical documentation and made major revisions to existing documentation supporting the Sun enterprise network in the Santa Clara facility. Working on avariety of large, complex multifaceted documentation projects simultaneously, such as System Administrator support documentation, Software Development, Hardware Reference, and Application User Guides. Gathering information from developers and written specifications. Independently determining the applicable documentation audience and developed materials of appropriate technical level and type to meet the audience requirements. Planning the projects and set goals within the context of workgroup requirements. Created, edited and published on-line documentation for a complete on-line intranet solution. The documentation sets were created as single-source FrameMaker book for delivery as online and hardcopy versions. I implemented a semi-automated delivery of web content HTML documentation, utilizing Webworks Publisher and HTML authoring tools to meet time sensitive scheduling.
Aptix Corporation San Jose 2/98 to 2/00
Technical Publication Manager/Writer (Contract)
Developed, researched, wrote, revised and edited technical documentation for the reconfigurable prototyping development systems in the Engineering for Design Automation (EDA) marketplace. The documentation suite included Marketing Collateral, White Papers, Quick Start Guides, User’s Manuals, Software Reference Guides, SDK Toolkit and a command-line interface reference. The documentation sets were created as single-source FrameMaker books for delivery as online and hardcopy versions. Serving as lead writer and department manager, coordinating and directing daily project activities while creating long-term department goals and strategies. I managed a staff of five writers. Regularly attending and directing product and project meetings to ensure successful completion of project and departmental tasks.
Cylink Corporation Sunnyvale 11/97 to 2/98
Technical Writer (Contract)
Developed, wrote, and revised technical documents and documentation on-site and off-site to support the creation and development of end user documentation for digital microwave communication equipment. The documentation was delivered in both hardcopy and online versions. My tasks included identifying project requirements and serving as lead writer and documentation project coordinator for the Site Planning Guide and Installation Guide documents. Regularly attended product and project meetings to disseminate engineering information regarding all aspects of advanced RF communication link requirements, calculations and limitations.

Cisco Systems, Inc. San Jose 1/97 to 11/97
Technical Writer 11
Developed, wrote, and revised technical documents and documentation sets according to established standards and under general supervision for the small and medium business product lines. Identified, planned for, and revised technical writing project requirements. Serving as the lead writer on complex group projects requiring task and project coordination on the 2500, 1600 and 700 series routers. Organizing and disseminating source information provided by subject matter experts. Contributing to special projects and regularly participated in product/project team meetings. Working with editors and technical resources to improve document quality and usability. The documentation suite included Quick Start Guides, User’s Manuals, Software Reference Guides and Command-Line Interface references.
Applied Komatsu Technology Santa Clara 2/96 to 1/97
Senior Technical Writer (Contract)
Creating new technical documentation and made major revisions to existing documentation supporting the Etch and CVD flat panel production systems. This support included researching technical data and operational methodologies on both systems and platforms. Creating Facilitization, Operation, Preventive Maintenance, Standardized Maintenance manuals, and Test Floor procedural documentation.
Applied Materials Santa Clara 2/95 to 2/96
Technical Publications Editor (Contract)
Editing documentation in the PVD Division. Developed and implemented procedures to ensure uniformity and clarity of style in CES documentation. Creating a menu-driven input template utility to optimize the placement of text and graphics in new and existing documentation. Automating the document creation process in the engineering department. Training engineering and manufacturing staff in technical writing processes and techniques.
Novellus Systems Inc. San Jose, CA 8/89 to 11/94
Technical Trainer
Developing course modules for the multi-process Concept Two semiconductor processing system. Using well defined instructional design and course development processes I created documentation for all levels of course modules, and updated them as necessary. Performing stand-up factory and customer on-site training throughout the United States. Training field support personnel in system operation, maintenance and repair principles. Developed course modules and course materials for support of remote corporate training centers.
Electroglas Inc. San Jose, CA 9/87 to 8/89
Technical Trainer
Providing after-sales support of customers. I worked in the technical support group. I developed course standards and materials for various customer requirements. I developed all of the existing courses and materials. Training field support personnel in system operation, maintenance and repair principles. Developed and implemented an in-house reference manual production program to reduce departmental costs.
VLSI Technology San Jose, CA 10/86 to 9/87
Senior Electronic Technician
I provided technical support for the wafer sort and final test areas. I designed and modified test hardware used for production and Quality Assurance test stations. I interfaced with engineering department personnel for failure analysis and root cause resolution of test failures. I performed routine maintenance and calibration on support test equipment. I performed test equipment troubleshooting down to the component level.
Integrated Device Technology San Jose, CA 6/85 to 9/86
Senior Electronic Technician
Providing maintenance and calibration for the ESI laser redundancy system. Interfacing with engineering department personnel to provide test floor hardware upgrades. Performing corrective and preventive maintenance on all test floor automatic
Contact this candidate