RESUME
Anant Shastri
C-***, Anand Lok Housing Society, Mayur Vihar Phase -1, New Delhi – 110091
995-***-****
ado9wh@r.postjobfree.com

Profile:
A student of Journalism, Mass Communication, education is something that is dear to me. I am a keen collector of knowledge of various practical and theoretical fields ranging from Film Making to History of Science. I love to gain experience through various projects irrespective of the fact that they offer anything in return. An artist by nature, I love to engage in various arts and crafts like music production, painting, photography etc. I am currently preparing for Civil Services Examination.

Education:

Class 10 – 84%
Class 12 – 80%
Bachelor of Arts (Journalism and Mass Communication with specialization in Film Making and Advertising) from Amity University (2015 – 2018) with 1 year study of Environmental Sciences as an additional subject.

Work Experience, Internships & Projects -
Take tuition classes for children from classes 6th to 10th for Science and Math.
Worked as a Freelance Subject Matter Expert (Physics) at Impactall Pvt Limited. My job was to research topics in the field of Physics and write scripts so that it can be converted to Virtual Reality apps.
Worked as a Freelance Content Writer with All India Educational Testing Service as a content creator for current affairs text books. Wrote academic articles that got published in current affairs textbooks.
Interned with Anavara Pvt LTD as a technical writer. My job was to research about health-related topics and create content for their website.
Worked with students of Amity University along with the NGO – Manthan to hold public speaking event series called “Vent”.
Interned with NDTV as a production assistant for the documentary series ‘India Matters’. I worked with journalist ‘Mrs. Sutapa Deb’ and made a documentary on drug abuse by children under 18 years of age.
Interned with Delhipedia as a photographer and a content creator. My job was to click photographs of the various monuments and hotspots of Delhi and write articles for their website.
Did a lot of freelance jobs like SEO writing for private individuals and call auditing for firms like TrendyBharat.
Attended a birding photography workshop under the guidance of photographer ‘Mr. Nithil Dennis’ (Amity University) at Dudhwa National Park to practice photography and writing skills.
Worked with students of Amity University for a project that involved Brand Repositioning of Retro Café, Sector 41 Noida
Worked as a Process Executive (voice) at Cognizant. My job was to manage the digital marketing for clients of Google. I had to give suggestions and pointers to businesses in order to make them more noticable on the internet. The process was called “DCO Snippets”.
Worked as a Freelance Writer for WAE Corp India. My job was to write articles related to water conservation for their CSR initiatives.
Worked as a Freelance Writer for Research Nester Private Limited. My job was to write detailed market reports and press releases for various clients.

Skill Set:
Advanced knowledge of Fl Studio Software for music production.
Basic knowledge of the working of a newsroom and news studio.
Intermediate knowledge of the working of a DSLR camera with experience in photography and film making.
Can easily manage teams.
Able to work in high pressure environment.
Loves to read a variety of subjects ranging from environmental sciences to basic literature and science & tech, which gives me the ability to see things from various perspectives.
Good writing skills in both prose and poetry.
Can play a variety of musical instruments and also do sound production.
Practical knowledge of Microsoft Office.
Basic knowledge of Adobe Creative Cloud.

Extra Achievements:
Published a poetry book.
Published music online with a band.
Contact this candidate