LINDA C. BAKER
**** ***** *** ****-# *
Ellicott City, Maryland 21043
301-***-****
adobyz@r.postjobfree.com

Summary of Qualifications

I have Twenty-five years’ experience as an Instructional Designer, Project Manager, Team lead, Trainer and Technical writer working with customized government software applications, Telecom products and Business applications. I have also received customer awards and commendations on providing quality products and services and streamlining processes to save government agencies and private companies money.

Professional Experience

Training Team Lead 2015-Present
FERC Contract
C2 Labs-Washington, D.C.
Created and Managed Training Projects for customized applications.
Conducted Presentations for Executive Staff on business processes.
Created new classes designed to train new hires.
Managed logistics and training records for all FERC Staff attending IT Training classes.

Project Manager/Task Lead-Systems Engineering Training 2014-2015
FERC Contract
General Dynamics-Washington, D.C
Supervised Requirements Analyst personnel within the Systems Engineering Group.
Conducted Performance Reviews and Managed Time Sheets.
Successfully managed projects and maintained project schedules.
Managed training initiatives deployed to the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission.
Created training guides and computer-based training for Systems Engineering applications.
Created Computer Based Training applications for customized products using Captivate.
Conducted presentations for Commissioner Staff.

Senior Training Specialist 2006-2014
FERC Contract
General Dynamics-Washington, D.C
Developed a Training Plan for training eight hundred users on an organizational wide tracking system “ATMS.” within the FERC-Federal Energy Regulatory Commission.
Instituted a new process using ATMS to track employee separation tasks.
Trained customers on Virtual Agenda, Business Objects and E-submission Report products.
Coordinated training effort by providing a method for on-line registration.
Established a training database using office specific IDs.
Provided classroom training for five hundred users on the ATMS Tracking system.
Performed needs analysis for system requirements.
Maintained milestone component of the ATMS System.
Created an on-line help system for ATMS, eTariff and the elibrary application using Robohelp.
Maintained the IT Training page using HTML and Dreamweaver.

Technical Trainer 2004-2006
General Dynamics-USAF Contract-Fairfax, Virginia
Conducted on-site training and coaching on a work order system used to maintain Civil Engineering and purchasing tasks for the Air Force.
Created Master scheduling for the deployment of the Air Force training initiative.

Trainer (Contract) 2003-2004
IT Solutions, Fairfax, Virginia
Developed classroom training for the Department of Defense (EDS Contract) on network security systems.
Assisted in building a training suite local area network for testing and trainer practice.
Trained Air Force personnel on database, security and networking tools.

IT Trainer and Task Leader 2002-2003
SI International, Rockville, Maryland
Trained Government INS employees on a database system (Oracle) to assist in the naturalization of new citizens.
Managed Project for a San Bernardino, California training initiative which earned an appreciate award from the company.
Coordinated efforts of trainers as project lead and designed course curriculums, managed classroom set-up and designed data exercises for the training database.
Converted a paper-based manual to a usable tool using Robohelp software.
Created training materials and exercises for field training.

Training Engineer 2001-2002
CIENA Communications, Linthicum, Maryland

Trained customers on Fiber Optics, DWDM, UNIX and SONET based products.
Developed training documents and handouts for CIENA products.
Lead developer in the design of an Operations, Maintenance and Provisioning training course and conducted classroom training for customers.

Training Developer 1999-2001
E.spire Communications, Columbia, Maryland

Designed training curriculums for departments and developed training modules for the billing, provisioning and service activation departments.
Established training committees to increase productivity and promote team atmosphere.
Conducted presentations and interacted with vendors on distance learning technologies.
Introduced a new conferencing system into the company that saved $20,000 a month.
Managed a five-person training team in the effort of successfully training employees across the United States on the customer service record system.
Initiated a distance-learning site to train sales personnel on the customer service record system.

Education

Master of Business-Information Systems
Johns Hopkins University, Baltimore, Maryland

Bachelor of Arts in Communication-Journalism
University of South Alabama, Mobile, Alabama

Bachelor of Education
University of Southern Mississippi, Hattiesburg, Mississippi
Contact this candidate