Shreyas Joshi
https://www.linkedin.com/in/**shreyas-joshi +91-996******* • adoifn@r.postjobfree.com

SUMMARY OF QUALIFICATIONS

** + years of hands-on experience as Software Product Tester, Developer and Technical Writer for computer services and software solution provider.
Trained and guided team members and other stack holders for various processes, tools and discrepancy related to projects and products.
Worked as virtual and in person coach and lecturer for computer training institutions, able to explain concepts, processes and domain understanding to novice and writing articles on various topics
Good understanding of computer networking, Operating system, Programming languages and applications related practical and professional experience.
Excellent communication skills such as online training and use of latest technologies like skype and team viewer for technical presentation, webinars and educational conferences.
Track record for resolving complex task to end user and non technical personnel, novice team member, product owners and management.
Organized seminars, conferences, workshop for finance/clerical/administrative departmental staff on introducing office automation software like power point, data base like oracle, programming languages like Java script and test automation tools.
Expert creating presentation, Article writing, Training, Content write ups, on line Help, User manual and product catalog and Installation guide.
Hands on experience in software development technologies such as HTML5, CSS3, Java, JSP, JSF, JavaScript, D3.js, JQuery,, JSON, SQL, Oracle, mySQL, ElasticSearch, BIRT, Unix
Excellent understanding on Object oriented programming like Java, scripting language like Java Script, database query language like SQL, Automation testing framework like Selenium, Appium, SoapUI, Postman, JMeter, TestNG etc.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Project Coordinator Since September 2020
Synergy Connect Data Innovations Pvt Ltd, Mumbai, India
Designed hybrid online user manual that include features and steps to accomplish these features based on walkthrough of product features by domain experts
Understand features and discuss possibilities of creating test automation to test these features.
Coordinate with UI/UX Developer to test design and check progress
Coordinate with Developer for testing of developed products and communicate test results and follow up
Client coordination and hand over training to the client.
Created user manual content in e-book format for all the product features.
Participated in product feature demo and collected requirements from prospective.
FREELANCING: Since August 2018
Topic - Basics on web services and API
https://www.linkedin.com/in/01shreyas-joshi/detail/recent-activity/posts/
Working for Blogs and online article/tutorial series for online e-learning sites
Technical content write ups for blogs, pod cast, Tutorials, brochures and Web pages
https://www.softwaretestinghelp.com/basics-of-computer-programming/
Business development for promotional activities and marketing for gift products.
Understand and utilize social networking sites and design product promotion on various platform such as Facebook, Pinterest, YouTube, Instagram
Writing technical articles on software testing learning portals https://www.qafox.com/author/shreyasjoshi/
500 Software Testing Interview Questions and Answers
https://www.qafox.com/software-testing-interview-questions-and-answers/

Test Lead January 2016 – July 2018
Xalted, Mumbai, India

Defined and followed test plan per release, tracked daily target and pending testing tasks through Scrum meets, created various test matrices, defect count and QA Status reports.
Identified innovative test scenarios and test coverage, resolved, reopen bug ratio per release, thereby kept check on productivity and quality resulted improvement of product per release to 90 percent.
Assisted stakeholders during migration of product backend from Oracle -11 to Elastic Search and client server to standalone windows system for entire SDLC life cycle for products.
Mentor functionality, test scenario, test case, test data for designing automation scripts and Hybrid framework bringing down repetition efforts to 60%, improving accuracy to 90%.
Test effort estimation, derivation of test scenarios, Design / Review / Execute Test Case, Regression Testing to validate defect fixes.
Expert in identifying/negotiating solutions, client’s requirements, transforming/explaining needs into user stories, epics throughout the agile life cycle.

Senior Test Engineer January 2013 – December 2015
Xalted, Mumbai, India

Executed testing of complex modules that involved back end query verification and complex business logic verifying expected client requirement
Maintained and reported feature readiness and release decisions to senior management for public release.
Identified critical and blocker bugs and monitored them till they are resolved and closed in future release improving the quality of product.
Provided post-sale client support and training, resolving issues and helping with workarounds to verify functionality of uploading sensitive data for analysis and their reports successfully
Data migration from Oracle to Elastic Search using log stash, Data Lake, Data Mart and Warehousing.
Hands on expertise in client product features demonstration and technical support activities on need basis to development and operations team during release and acceptance testing phase.

Software Developer January 2010 – December 2012
Xalted, Mumbai, India

Designed, Developed and implemented User interface/Front End forms/ reports for the software application.
Hands on experience developing applications using scripting languages like JSP, HTML, Java script and J-Query.
Implemented of tabular reports per module using flat files, eclipse, BIRT plug in different formats providing clients a reporting facility on their daily analysis. DOM manipulation like sorting, highlighting column values using J Query - Java script library.
Provided onsite support during installation, beta testing and end user training during Acceptance testing.

Technical Writer January 2007 – December 2009
Xalted, Mumbai, India

Designed instruction manuals, low level and high level design documents, Online Help for the software product.
Assisted marketing department and product as well as pre-sales team members for designing product presentations, proof of concepts documents, product functionality and requirement specifications manuals
Proof read and designed Templates for product presentation, quarterly general meetings, catalogs, instruction and installation guides for various software products.
Designed, updated and integrated weekly online company newsletter, portfolio, product specification guide using HTML, CSS 3, Java script and word, power point and other office software.

Technical Writer January 2004 – May 2007
Reliance Info solutions, Mumbai, India

Designed instruction manuals, low level, high level design documents, Online Help, Product functionality and requirement specifications manuals for the software product
Mentor/Trained on various office computer skills such as Word, Excel, and Power Point to company’s finance department and back office staff.

Trainer – Software, Database January 2005 – December 2009
Computer Institute, Mumbai, India
Initiated interactive training with students on daily sessions for previous day covered topics resulted into confidence and sure success on the achieving course certification.
Trained group of 6 to Batch of 15 on topics such as Oracle, SQL, JavaScript, Core Java, Web Development, software Testing.
Seminar on overview and how to use Power point to the Accounts, marketing and purchase department in Reliance Infosolution.

EDUCATION

Bachelor in Chemical Engineering July 1986 – October 1990
Pune University, Pune, Maharashtra, India

Courses:
Certification in web design and oracle 8i - Concourse International Institute 1999
Programming in Java 2.0 and Web Design SSI Institute, Mumbai, India 2005

Certification:
ISTQB Certified Tester - ISTQB-CTFL: ISTQB-Foundation Level Exam 27TH July 2019
Contact this candidate