Patrina Adger
**** ***** ***** ******
Schertz, TX 78154
405-***-**** (cell)
adozas@r.postjobfree.com
adozas@r.postjobfree.com

SUMMARY OF WORK STYLE

Ø Maintain focus in very demanding work environments, under strict deadlines
Ø Interview, log, and write two stories daily for broadcast
ØMeet challenges head-on and always find ways to effectively complete multiple assignments or tasks
Ø Professionally committed, loyal, responsible and able to adapt easily to breaking news
Ø Ability to maintain a composed, professional and well-groomed presence on and off-camera
Ø Ability to interact, coordinate and get along effectively with co-workers and sources in the community
Ø Interact daily on social media

EDUCATION

B.A., Communications, Prairie View A&M University Prairie View, TX

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

KOCO 5 NEWS – General Assignments Reporter Nov. 2015 - Present
Ability to generate two lead story ideas on two separate subjects, write to video, and do compelling live shots daily.
Regularly generate, gather, and write two lead stories on two separate subjects daily.
Work with photographers to gather and edit compelling video and captivating sound.
Have a solid network of sources who provide breaking and exclusive tips, and early access to information.
Contribute pictures, video and text updates to mobile platforms consistently throughout the day on social media.
Juggle multiple stories and projects at once every day to demonstrate exceptional time-management skills by meeting all deadlines under extraordinary pressure.
Demonstrated ability to enterprise and uncover stories
Coordinate with managers and producers to develop stories that have exclusive content.
Develops a network of strong sources who provide tips, early access to information, and allow me to break stories.
Very active on social media reporting stories on Facebook, Facebook live and Twitter.

KBTX NEWS 3 - Multi-Media Journalist News Reporter May 2014 - Oct. 2015
Responsible for shooting interviews then logging, writing and editing the story for the lead at 6 & 10 nightly.
Establish contacts and identify relevant stories daily.
Report live in the newsroom or in the field daily.
Record social story teases for Facebook and Twitter.
Write & post news stories online and to social media.
Use production and graphics to enhance news stories.

KRIV FOX 26 NEWS – Associate Producer/Writer Sept. 2010 – May 2014
Write stories for news programs, select appropriate video and sound for stories, and assist anchors, reporters and producers in preparing stories for live broadcast and the web.
Write stories for the producer in preparing newscasts including writing AP and web-based stories, looking at video, executing social media ideas, logging videotape, coordinating graphics and assisting assignment desk.
Knowledgeable of current events to participate in editorial process and write scripts.
Work with the assignment desk in gathering information.
Have working knowledge of newsroom computer systems, the Internet, graphic and production equipment, ENG & SNG remotes.
Work well under strict deadline pressure.

“THE EXAMINER” - Freelance Feature Writer Freelance
Responsible for researching and writing weekly feature stories for an online newspaper
Responsible for writing clear, concise and conversational stories for the public on how to entertain on a budget.
Use newspaper Publishing Tools and Word Perfect to write and edit stories and upload pictures.

MCCLURE PUBLIC RELATIONS - Freelance Technical Writer 2006 - 2007
Wrote biographies for web-based business.
Scheduled events, program and activities for celebrity events.
Communicated with clients to access media advertising services for charity events.
Identified and established relationships with internal financial, economic experts to maintain current and timely information.
Prepared, wrote and edited letters, memos, report, presentation and procedures for organizational publication.

KABB FOX TV, Freelance News Reporter 2004 - 2006
Produced well-written, researched and timely reports collected from reliable sources as public records, law enforcements and public officials.
Used both Linear and non-linear equipment to write, log, edit video and assessed script quality.
Covered lead and broke many exclusive news stories that aired daily on local station during 9 p.m.
Maintained active contact and compiled information from city law enforcement and officials.

KOTV Channel 6, General Assignment Reporter 2002 - 2004
Interviewed, researched & gathered information, and wrote and reported multiple stories daily for live news and website.
Delivered news stories during live shots in the field and studio.
Organized investigative information into compelling lead stories.
Able to cover a diverse range of topics from local news and entertainment to environmental issues and politics to sports and feature stories.
Made appearances on behalf of news station for community education awareness, displaying tornado, fire safety and protection from domestic violence.
Reported and exclusive news stories on the actions of public officials, interest groups, and corporate officials that aired daily on local and cable news stations during 12pm, 5pm, and 6pm.

WSIL-TV, News Reporter 2001 - 2002
Thoroughly able to translate a single story, idea and formulate into compelling news stories by researching and gathering facts, interviewing sources, writing the story and reporting live during a newscast for thousand of viewers daily.
Shot, edited, wrote and voiced multiple stories daily for 6 & 10pm newscasts.
Examined news of local significance to determine topics to address at daily editorial staff meetings.
Presented news stories and in-depth videotaped segments which aired daily on local station during evening news.
Reported exclusive news stories including the impact on local economic and social change during World Trade Center attack

ORGANIZATIONS & HONORS
Leukemia & Lymphoma Society 2021 Oklahoma Woman of the Year Candidate
Teachers Appreciation Foundation "Dignitary Public Sector Hero Award”

National Association of Broadcast Journalists
Society of Professional Journalists
Big Brothers & Big Sisters of Houston, North Dallas
Dress For Success Houston
Contact this candidate