Monico S. Puente
*** ***** ******
San Antonio, Texas 78211
Residence: 210-***-****
Cellular: 210-***-****
Email: adoz38@r.postjobfree.com

EMPLOYMENT OBJECTIVE

To obtain employment with a company where I can apply my past work experience and be an asset to the company as well as attain a personal satisfaction from being in position that I know I want as career.

CURRENT ASSIGNMENT: Technical Writer

EDUCATION:
St. Philips College: Pre-Engineering 67 hrs.
Community College: Certificate Office Machines
South San High School: Graduate
Equipment Specialist training course (2 years)

SECURITY CLEARANCE: BOEING Secret, March 2014

SKILL/DATA Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Power Point, Microsoft Access, Flow Charts, System Specification.

EXPERIENCE

TECHNICAL WRITER
JANA CORP. San Antonio, TX AUG 2013-PRESENT
I’m a Technical Writer supporting various airlines FedEx, Boeing, American Airlines, and Delta. I’m also
Technical Editor, and Writer Check for all the airlines. Documentation of all new and change policies and procedures to all Airlines. Research information and revise to maintained procedures for special project.
Also worked with Aircraft Illustrated Parts Catalogs (IPC) Maintenance Manuals (AMM) and Component Maintenance Manuals (CMMs). Worked on special projects for Boeing on ATA 100.

QA INSPECTOR AND JET ENGINE MECHANIC
Lockheed Martin San Antonio, TX SEP 2004-DEC 2011
Prepared engines for initial and final test and performed borescope and inspected engines required to deliver the engine to the customer. Maintained the required level quality that promotes the company’s goals and objectives.

TECHNICAL WRITER
Kelly AFB, San Antonio, TX MAR 1986-APR 2001
I developed new modified techniques for maintenance or equipment in recognizing trends. I integrated various individual equipment projects being performed by lower grade technicians into broad equipment program. Manage the more complex and or new equipment being introduced into the Air Force inventory. I participated in provisioning conferences that involve several different contractors at a time. Performed other related duties normally performed by supervisory equipment in his absence. Assured assigned items were economically procured and effectively controlled throughout the logistics cycle. Served as the DO41 (TCO) Technical Coordinator Officer for the APU C-17 Aircraft, F117 Engine, and Ground Support Equipment. Reviewed cost proposals and contract terminations in the amount of $2,000,000. I assisted as a teammate player in the Validation and the Verification to the C-17 Aircraft and the F-117 Engine and ATA . I assured that all APU engines were economically procured and repaired effectively and controlled throughout the logistics cycle. I was responsible for formulating programmatic solutions before and during negotiations with contractors and suppliers, for the APU engine and F117 engine. I initiated documents directing procurement of assigned items insuring monetary requirements. Planned and accomplished objectives within bounds of policies, manual and other guiding or regulatory documents. Authorized overhaul to APU engines by quarterly negotiation or repair requirements. I was responsible for total technical management during the acquisition phase for the B52, C5 and C130 fuel system. Developed and maintained maintenance factors, consumption usage, and reliability
rates into the Depot Component Requirements System (DO41). Ensure overall logistics support Engineering Change Proposals (ECP) to the Configuration Control Board for approval and implementation.

SHEET METAL WORKER
Kelly AFB, San Antonio, TX NOV 1976-MAR 1986 I inspected components T-56, TF39 and F100 engines using (NDI) None Destructive Inspection black light. Provided leadership and participated as Master Mechanic over a crew of engine Mechanics, inspectors and assemblers for the T-56, TF39, J79 and F100 engines. Determined the degree of work to be performed too return items to serviceable condition. Static balance the blades for the Turbine Rotor for the Turbine Rotor for the T56 and F100 engines. I also dynamic balance Turbine Rotors and Compressor Rotors for the T56 and F100 engines.
Contact this candidate