LeAndro J. Martinez, II Global Training & Learning Manager
adp57n@r.postjobfree.com See me on LinkedIn 505-***-**** Loveland, CO
A top-performing Global Training and Learning Manager with extensive experience in electronic operations. Highly skilled in developing and administering comprehensive programs designed to drive continuous professional growth and development, ensuring cohesive operations across multiple locations, globally. Proven ability in establishing clear channels of communication and cultivating relationships with internal teams and industry professionals, promoting streamlined operations through collaboration and mutual goal-sharing. Recognized for identifying inefficiencies and redundancies, innovating process improvements to identify cost savings and improved profit margins.
Areas of Expertise include:
Technical Writing
Strategic Planning & Analysis
Revenue & Profit Growth
Staff Training & Development
Quarterly Company Updates
Communication, Auditing & Reporting
Conducted annual reviews
Project Specialist
Quality Assurance and Control
Global Operations Management
Regulatory Compliance -ISO
Process Improvement
System Installation & Calibration
Technical Support & Repair
Global audits/upgrades

Professional Experience
PARTICLE MEASURING SYSTEMS Boulder, CO March 2007 – Feb 2019
Instrument Specialist III/Global Trainer/Tech Support/Field Services Manager
Oversaw field service technician personnel providing training for specific geographical areas and ensuring adherence to overarching corporate objectives and regulations. Conducted hiring and on-boarding initiatives for cohesive employee experiences. Administered training programs and certifications for new technicians globally, acting as subject matter expert for ongoing technical support to customers, team members, and trainees. Managed technical instruments, including calibration, troubleshooting, verification, and repair of aerosol and liquid particle detection instruments, evaluate root-cause of failures, identifying non-conformance materials and processes for continuous improvements. Communicated with clients both onsite, over the phone, and via email to provide product recommendations in accordance with individual needs, leveraging cross- and up-selling strategies to drive sales. Liaised with Service Department on new Product Project Engineering Group, maintaining strong ROI in servicing and repairs whilst meeting standards established by the company, customer, and ISO.
Key Accomplishments:
Identified thousands of dollars annually through streamlined consumer and non-consumable orders and optimizing training initiatives accordingly.
Set up technicians with parts-on-hand based on customer M.O, eliminating the 17-day turnaround by repairing to a level-III repair, onsite, allowing for unit utilization at 98%.
Monitor document calibrations and repairs in accordance with ISO 9001-2015 quality standards, leverage understanding of As Found and As Left processes.
WoodWard, Inc. 1000 East Drake Road Fort Collins, CO Sept. 2019 – December 2019
Customer Quality Control Engineering Group/Trainer/Technical Writer
Employed quality shipping/packaging practices by creating Work Instructions to ensure product arrived at customer locations, worldwide, with no damage thus saving thousands of dollars in returns and/or repairs. Work Instructions were accompanied with photographs including step by step sound packaging processes internal to the Work Instructions for over 100 units. Noted and documented issues concerning in-house processes directly related to quality control prior to being received at the shipping department.
Key Accomplishments:
Meshed other departments with the decision-making process(es) and how it should be addressed accordingly.
Worked directly with customer in identifying possible packaging process.
Completed tasks with little to no intervention via superiors.
Established a great working environment as to open lines of communication for understanding the process flow.
Previous positions include: Calibration Coordinator Engineering Group with Hewlett Packard, HTC Division. Senior Field Engineer for Schlumberger, A.T.E., and Equipment Engineering Services Technician for Intel Corporation.
Education & Training
Associate of Science in Electronics/Computer Science Engineering
ITT TECHNICAL INSTITTUE ALBUQUERQUE, N.M
ISO 9001:2000 Internal Auditor Certified, Cavendish-Scott Process
Contact this candidate