Jessica Reid Charlotte, NC, adp8od@r.postjobfree.com

Education:
BFA in Graphic Design & Illustration with a Professional Technical Writing minor (DEAN’S LIST) - UNC-CHARLOTTE
Certificate: Project Management & ITIL - Central Piedmont Community College (CPCC)
Certificate: Data Analytics with SQL Server: SSMS, TSQL, AdventureWorks (Database Fundamentals, Beginning TSQL, Advanced SQL) - CPCC

Certifications: CompTIA Project +

Skills:
Project Management, Business / System Analysis, Technical Writing, SQL, TSQL, Training Development, Testing, Content Management, Process Mapping, Process Improvement, Communication, Compliance, Illustration, Graphic Design, Marketing, SharePoint, SDLC, Web Design & HTML Programming, Detail-Oriented, Self-Starter, Editing, Organized, Onboarding, Recruiting, Customer Service, QuarkXPress, Adobe Photoshop, Illustrator, InDesign, Acrobat, PageMaker, CorelDRAW, Microsoft Word, Project, Visio, PowerPoint, Excel, Outlook, Oracle PeopleSoft, JD Edwards, Convergence, Maximo, Report Exec, JIRA, Camtasia, etc.

Work Experience:
KEYBANK (KPMG US) – Business, Financial, Mortgage and Consumer Servicing, Collateral Management
Oracle Technical Writer – Loan Services, Origination, Non-Real Estate Servicing, Default: (Contract) Current
Technical Writer: Create/update procedures and Quick Reference Guides for the Client Resolution, Credit Inquiry, Consumer Lien Release, Lien Filing, Lien Records, Closing & Booking and other functional areas to reflect Oracle application. Manage time while writing new and updating existing procedures using Use Cases to verify procedures are current and to meet deadlines. Write procedures that are cohesive, clear of grammatical and syntax errors and work with SMEs to make sure process steps are accurate. Collaborate with other team members and Testers from impacted areas to obtain understanding of product and documentation requirements. Communicate complex ideas in a clear, concise manner to end user. Learn/understand new applications, as well as new processes within the application. Adapt to line of business requirement changes. Review and connect procedures within the scope, so that there is continuity in process from beginning to end, with no gaps. Ensure written materials are structured / formatted logically and resolves inconsistencies. Edit and/or rewrite draft documents to KeyBank’s standards while conforming to appropriate style and other document related procedures. Review workaround lists for any fixed defects to remove. Assist with new projects as needed.
Video Creation/Editing: Create and edit training videos by recording Oracle processes in Camtasia.
Documentation Management: Research ConvergePoint for all procedure overdue dates, track due dates to send late notices/reminders to SMEs or management. Send all completed documents for review/approval via ConvergePoint.
ConvergePoint Admin: Validate metadata in CP to procedures and update designated Ad Hoc fields in ConvergePoint.
Testing: Test Oracle steps for procedures in Oracle to verify process works.
Applications: ConvergePoint, SnagIT, WebEx, Blueprint, Cisco Jabber, Oracle, Camtasia, MS Word, Excel
BANK OF AMERICA (SKILLSTORM STAFFING) – Business, Financial, Mortgage Servicing, Charlotte, NC
Technical Writer / IT Project Manager IV – Global Technology & Operations, CPC: (Contract) 2/2019 – 8/2020
Project Manager: Scoped project and performed impact assessments to determine impacted documents, new document needs and capacity (determined timeline and estimated number of work hours needed to complete project). Assigned and created projects, performed time and project status, document management and approval validation in Procedure Management Tracker. Established relationships with LOBs and SMEs to ensure their departmental procedure needs are fulfilled and completed documents are reviewed, approved and published to portal. Analyzed business requirements for large, complex projects to understand impacts to procedures across all lines of businesses and accurately account for impacted procedures. Engaged other team members as required and facilitated cross-functional efforts within CPC. Checked timelines and procedure development to ensure deadlines were met.
Technical Writer: Created, updated, archived and/or maintained Mortgage Servicing, Regulatory Reporting and SEC procedure documentation for various Mortgage Servicing functional areas. Rewrote/reviewed/published documents for LOB converting to Black Knight Mortgage Servicing Platform (MSP). Build out/developed step/action procedures published in a variety of repositories. Screen shot/format images. Researched processes, asked probing questions, followed up on gaps and verified information to produce quality procedures that are clear and accurate for the end-user. Communicated with SMEs to update changes, write and approve docs. Content Validation/Compliance: ensured standards & procedures align/comply with Consistency Guidelines and contain accurate information.
Applications: Microsoft Visual Studio, InfoMap, SnagIT, WebEx, Skype, MS Word, Excel, SharePoint, Process Automation System, Procedure Management Tracker, CRE Intranet Administration, Procedure Portal, Solutions Center, etc.
DUKE ENERGY (MERIDIAN TECHNOLOGIES) – Utility, Charlotte, NC
Project Manager/Business Analyst - Outdoor Lighting Business Services: (Contract) 6/2017 – 7/2018
Project Manager: Responsible for overall communication and development of the Product Database project and requirements. Managed all activities within project life cycle. Initiating: Determined project approach, schedule and responsibilities, organized meetings with stakeholder to identify scope, resources and other details to develop requirements document and write project charter. Planning: Developed implementation plan, issue log (analyze & prioritize issues, track and assign responsibility to specific people for each issue), document assumptions and dependencies. Developed workplan, assigned and managed work tasks to resources, setup team meetings, help determine resources and timelines. Received approval of charter & other deliverables. Executing: Ensured project resource(s) had necessary SharePoint and other software access and tools to build the project deliverables for database. Monitoring: Setup weekly status meetings, created individual resource status report in Excel to keep up with database development & team status reports in PowerPoint, communicated status to sponsor/stakeholders via PowerPoint presentations, continued to identify/manage any issues, constraints and changes and monitored project health / status. Closing: Transferred all deliverables & responsibilities to process owner, etc.
Business Analyst: Arranged meetings with sponsor/stakeholder to identify problem, gather / define requirements & determine solution. Created product database template from requirements, ensured database design met requirements, reviewed/managed changes, performed gap analysis to identify discrepancies/inconsistencies and verify data. Created other deliverables, as needed.
Business Project Manager/Business Analyst – Business Technology Solutions, Product Development:
Project Manager: Utilized waterfall methodology while utilizing agile/iterative characteristics. Worked on a team with other PMs, product developers, analysts & IT to support the implementation of the OL Controls Project as it transition from proof of concept to implementation: Helped manage developing and launching new business processes, created process inventory to determine & identify business resource needs & SMEs to assist financial analyst with redefining estimates & finalizing business case, created team action records, identified tasks, critical issues, key dependencies, assumptions, risk management, assigned ownership, formalized next steps for lighting controls, etc.
Business Analyst: Validated diagrams and designed business process documents. Identified gaps (looked at existing processes with the new process to understand business needs and identify what OL is not doing and what will change).
Documentation Manager/Technical Writer – Outdoor Lighting Retail Programs:
Documentation Management: Led as a collaborative team member in a matrix environment to manage the documentation process for the intelligent digital banner project (IDB). Worked closely with various teams & SMEs from various locations and departments during the entire life cycle of the project to develop material for both business and technical work process development.
Technical Writing/Research/Interviewing: Researched corporate standards and safety handbook to ensure all documentation created comply with company guidelines and safety regulations and were identified in the Outdoor Lighting Digital Banner install manual. Observed the IDB installation process, researched and analyzed current processes to comprehend banner install infrastructure and complex workflows. Wrote and designed technical installation manual to help with installing digital banners and light pole fixtures. Created jurisdiction based PowerPoint presentations/catalog for Business Development team to use when meeting with potential host customers, FAQ guide, and information fact sheets. Ensured all document accuracy, quality & safety concerns were met in all deliverables. Observed and met with SMEs to interview and gather technical / business requirements for the IDB project to clearly understand the digital banner business process and gaps.
Photography: Photograph banner installation and components for use in installation manual and parts list. Video tape installation for online tutorial as training tool for installers. Consult with marketing to make sure all images meet corporate standards.
Process Design: Developed process flows: Document regulated and non-regulated business process for how the new line of business (IDB) will operate beyond the pilot in Microsoft Visio (swim lanes, symbols, connectors, start/end points, on/off page reference, etc.).

TIME WARNER CABLE / CHARTER (MERIDIAN TECHNOLOGIES) – Telecommunications / IT Legal & Security, Charlotte, NC
Project Manager/Business System Analyst – Access Management Unit (AMU): (Contract) 3/2016 – 12/2016
Project Manager: Managed AMU’s onboarding, badge creation, and application / security access documentation process from start to end using project life cycle methodology (initiated, planned, executed, controlled & closed project). Communication: Created communication documents to keep business informed about the process, analysis, issues and recommendations, and tasks checklists to determine and organize documentation needs. Communicated the business needs clearly to AMU team.
Business System Analyst: Participated in requirements review sessions with business to understand & write requirements, assumptions, dependencies and constraints to push & ensure a standardized process, reduce errors, increase production and evaluate process for improvements. Process Improvement/Analysis & Problem Solving: Reviewed, analyzed and evaluated current processes and identified application improvements against enterprise business requirements and internal customer needs (Identified any gaps or discrepancies with existing business process that needed to be removed. Mapped out plan of action to make recommendations for issues found that helped change / improve current state). Process Design: Created and designed over 70+ complex and detailed current state to target state business/IT process charts in Microsoft Visio (swim lanes, symbols, connectors, start/end points, on/off page reference, etc.). Validated diagrams, evaluated existing processes and tested all future state processes. Testing/Quality: Performed end user testing for onboarding processes and software applications. Tested all documentation to recognize any gaps and ensure accuracy of process.
Technical Writer: Worked closely with development supervisor & SMEs during the entire life cycle of the project to write, review and test the badge systems using the process maps / Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs). Created a standard process with templates for SOPs and workflows using document development life cycle. Research: Analyzed existing processes and comprehended complex workflows and documents to write online procedural documents that captured all related process, policies and exceptions for AMU. Interviewing: Interviewed 9+ SMEs to clearly understand processes, gaps and exceptions. Writing/Editing: Wrote / managed over 144 documents for AMU process and badge systems. Content Management: Uploaded / maintained all documents and reviews on SharePoint.
Software: MS Word, Excel, Access, Visio, SharePoint, Outlook, Lync, Oracle PeopleSoft, Vanderbilt, Brivo, Continuum, Win-DSX SQL, Win-PAK, Report Exec, Adobe Nitro Pro

DUKE ENERGY (MERIDIAN TECHNOLOGIES) – Power, Utility / Customer Service, Charlotte, NC
PM/Training Developer – Process Improvement, Revenue Business Analysts: (Short Contract) 10/2015 – 12/2015
Project Manager: Managed and monitored the revenue business analyst’s mass market and complex summary billing team documentation process and project expectations throughout project life cycle to ensure quality, timeliness (deadlines are met), and to keep updated on teams progress. Provided status updates/reports to manager. Communication & Planning: Created communication documents, updated spreadsheets and track teams progress in Excel. Organized meetings with analysts via web & audio conferencing to effectively communicate project expectations, provide status updates and ensure tasks were completed on time. Interpersonal: Developed working relationships with analysts and customer service specialists to support billing team documentation needs. Fulfilled role as a liaison between manager and analysts. Organization & Time Management: Tracked analyst’s schedules and reviewed all team documents to ensure on time delivery of all job aids, process maps and procedures. Implemented/executed milestone in order to meet project deadlines.
Training Developer: Collaborated with two trainers to develop training plan and communicate business needs. Taught 8+ analysts how to write revenue specialists paradigms for job aids, how to translate information into process flow maps and how to use information given in training dialogues, using the stimulus / response methodology for the call centers job performers. Trained analysts on how to interview SME’s: how to ask the right questions, recognize gaps and properly test documentation to help customer service properly use CMS & other software to bill, track, adjust statements, etc. Process Design: Taught analyst how to use Visio software and trained them on how to transform process information from SMEs to designing process charts in Visio. Testing/Quality: Trained analysts how to verify if the documented billing process for the various billing systems is correct by properly performing user acceptance testing (UAT) on billing process & systems. Helped analysts recognize any gaps to ensure accuracy of process and required business functions.
Technical Writer/Editor: Assisted analysts with writing procedures and testing new job aid processes and procedures. Content Management: Published and created/edited content online for storing, organizing, team sharing and collaboration on SharePoint.

WELLS FARGO (SIGNATURE CONSULTANTS) Financial / Business / Training, Charlotte, NC
Technical Writer/Editor IV – Business Initiative: (Short Contract) 5/2015 – 7/2015
Technical Writer: Managed projects related to technical/business process implementation and conducted online conference meetings with SME’s and offshore team via web & audio conferencing to create and review documentation. Leadership: Provided guidance to less experienced technical writers within the SLI offshore delivery team. Collaboration & Planning: Partnered with various internal business owners to analyze audience and develop plan to address needs. Research/Interviewing & Listening: Analyzed and researched existing documents, gathered information and interviewed SMEs to understand processes & develop accurate technical/business standard operating procedures (SOPs), process maps & training documents. Knowledge Transfer/Technical Writing: Understood different technical and business processes and terminology to write complex documents in a clear and concise manner for the EGS Offshore India team. Styled/formatted and wrote documents in MS Word, tracked work assignments & progress in Excel and uploaded / managed content in SharePoint. Used detail to identify process gaps / discrepancies to analyze the situation to offer alternatives. Edited / updated material for accuracy, clarity, style & order according to Best Practices.
Process Designer: Created detailed “As Is” and “Future” state process flow maps in Visio.

GEORGIA-PACIFIC LLC (ENCADRIA STAFFING SOLUTIONS) Manufacturing / Operations / Process Improvement, Mount Holly, NC
Project Manager & Sr. Technical Writer/Training Analyst: (Contract) 4/2014 – 4/2015
Project Manager: Managed documentation process for the 6 nonwoven airlaid processes for both PM1 & PM2 teams. Worked independently with little direction. Effectively pushed multiple projects from start to finish without prodding from management. Leadership/Team Building/Conduct Management: Encouraged coworkers to conduct and align with MBM Guiding Principles and GP’s Mt. Holly vision. Encouraged healthy working relationships between members. Tracked work assignments and progress in Excel.
Training Analyst: Designed and maintained training documentation and managed training status. Planning & Requirements Gathering: Met with Operations Manager to gather requirements to create a standardized training and work process that included the production team input to address safety, risks, training standards, quality, waste reduction and process improvement concerns. Developed and maintained training checklists (with links to SOPs and job aids). Process Improvement: Identified issues with existing training process. Filled in the gaps without missing details to create accurate and clear SOPs to help new hires learn and understand their job and help current employees improve quality and performance. Convergence Test Administrator/Compliance: Managed testing and test documentation. Used Convergence to monitor, manage & organized production team (50+ employees) training process to ensure compliance with periodical training, added training procedures created, tracked and added test status, completion of test results and new hires to their correct team/groups for training.
Technical Writer: Wrote, styled/formatted over 160 multi-paged Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs) and training materials using MS Word. Research/Interviewing: Researched existing docs & Principal Based Operating Procedures, interviewed and observed 50+ team members to learn the various nonwoven airlaid work processes. Design/Writing: Developed SOPs naming and numbering standard, and standard templates so all SOPs were consistent and developed in same manner. Wrote and designed 100 page Components Guide with photographs, detailed references of the machinery and links to all SOPs to communicate clearly technical information to non-technical audiences and new trainees. Facilitation/Compliance: Led group reviews to ensure all document accuracy, industrial, safety, risks & quality concerns were met in SOPs and Hazard Identification Risk Assessments (HIRA) were identified & included for each hazardous step. Editing/Testing & Quality: Tested all procedures, made revisions from review sessions and testing until all documents were accurate and given approval. Collaboration: Worked with multiple departments/management: IT, Maintenance, Quality, Customer Service, Safety and Shipping to identify and assist with writing processes for their department training needs, maintain knowledge of changes, resolve questions, and photography support. Multi-Tasking/Flexibility: Adapted to sudden changes, adjusted schedule to meet production needs in order to document specific seldom processes, and troubleshoot minor software technical issues. Photography: Photographed machinery components for component identification guide, SharePoint site and SOPs which included climbing, and adjusting to manufacturing conditions to produce photographs. SharePoint Administrator / Content Management: Updated / managed site, worked with web parts, lists, etc. Uploaded & stored all documents created, managed document review/approvals and ensured document changes were updated.
Contact this candidate