Joanne L.
McKann
Richmond, VA

301-***-****

adpdw4@r.postjobfree.com

www.linkedin.com/in/jmanelli

Creative, articulate, and responsive copywriter with experience in writing, editing, and graphic/web design in the nonprofit, educational, and government contract sectors. Background in developing grant proposals, technical user guides, website content, and promotional/marketing collateral. Experience in applying SEO best practices for website, Facebook, and Instagram content.
Skills
Content Writing
SEO Writing
Copywriting

Photoshop
InDesign
Proofreading / Editing
HTML / CSS
Microsoft Word/Excel
Drupal
Sharepoint
Google Analytics
WordPress
Experience
NOV. 2019 – APRIL 2020
Copywriter / Techead, Richmond, VA
Served on EAB’s Adult Learning Recruitment division as a copywriter.
Wrote and revised original copy for email, newsletter and marketing materials for partner schools and colleges throughout the United States.
Collaborated with web and graphic designers to develop newsletter, landing pages and other online marketing collateral.
OCT. 2018 – NOV. 2019
Website Copywriter / K2 Awards, Richmond, VA
Generate ideas and write marketing content for company website and Facebook utilizing SEO best practices. Create and maintain editorial calendar for blog posts and information center articles. Developed content for Facebook ads and promotions.
Contributed to an increase overall traffic by 27% and overall revenue by 13% from previous year.
Increased the amount of content generated by 200%
Developed idea for social media campaign on Instagram, created content and took photographs
NOV. 2016 – SEPT. 2018
Administrative/Marketing Assistant / Office Team, Richmond, VA
Provided administrative, marketing database and editorial support for companies throughout the Richmond, VA area.
Acquired photos for Virginia Living’s Best of Virginia 2018 issue. Drafted content for advertising and About Town section in same issue.
Provided administrative support to architects at HKS, Inc. and enhanced company intranet site by adding slideshows, graphics and taking photographs.
June 2016 – Dec. 2016
Writer/Copyeditor / Anike Foundation, Boston, MA
Proofread and edited written materials for website content. Researched and wrote articles extolling organizational projects.
Relocated from DC Metro area to Richmond, VA in 2016
AUG. 2015 – NOV. 2015
Marketing Assistant / Vietnam Veterans of America, Silver Spring, MD
Contract position providing marketing support for the launch of new organizational website. Assisted with formatting and developing web pages, coordinated with the project manager and updated date for transitioning to WordPress.
JUNE 2015 – OCT. 2015
Publications Assistant / George Washington University Milken School of Public Health, Washington, DC
Contract position assisting in preparation and submission of the reaccreditation report to the Council on Education for Public Health. Proofread and edited documents, consolidated information from various authors to ensure consistency. Researched and authored content for the organization’s annual progress report.
Decided to pursue a career change in web design, returned to school 2015
MAY 2013 – DEC. 2014
Editorial Coordinator / Association of Military Surgeons of the United States, Bethesda, MD
Organized content for the monthly online and print medical journal, Military Medicine. Maintained online hosting platform. Selected commentaries, formatted layout and reviewed content before print. Tracked manuscripts, managed databases and maintained content for online delivery.
Furloughed by Exelis, Inc. 2013
SEPT. 2006 – FEB. 2013
Technical Writer/Publications Assistant / Exelis, Inc., Washington, DC
Drafted and edited user guides and online content for the US Census public access database. Created and revised original content for the intranet. Proofed and edited documents, developed brochures, flyers and promotional collateral.
Education
Certificate, Web Design / Montgomery College, Rockville, MD
Master of Arts (M.A.) Publications Design / University of Baltimore, Baltimore, MD
Bachelor of Arts (B.A.) Art/Philosophy / The Catholic University of America, Washington, DC
Contact this candidate