Erica Eaton, Ph.D., MPA
adpdiu@r.postjobfree.com Erica Eaton, Ph.D., MPA LinkedIn 301-***-**** Bowie, MD 20716

Health Project Management Consultant
Preferred Industry: Pharmaceutical Biotech Government Non-profit
Profile

Results and detail-oriented health project management consultant with 14 years of experience guiding clinical and operational research efforts, including for the federal government. Expertly evaluates programs and project processes, designing quality control and other initiatives to improve research resources and collaboration. Holds a Master of Public Administration and a PhD in Organizational Leadership.

Areas of Expertise

Analytical Research Projects
Project Management
Programmatic Evaluation
Data Review
Progress Reports
Data Analysis
Statistical Methods
Organizational Leadership
Organizational Representation
Research Resource Management
Peer-Reviewed Journal Publication
Communication & Consulting
Quality Control Programs
Health Programs

Professional Experience

DYNAMIS, INC., Fairfax, VA 9/2019 – Present
Senior Consultant

Analyzes client project processes, systems, and administrative procedures, developing improvement recommendations presented to key senior stakeholders. Collaborates with client subject matter experts and managers to design operational contingency plans, communicating strategies to leaders and securing buy-in. Leads client projects, such as Federal Aviation Administration (FAA)’s AJR-X2 team project, conducting weekly trainings and site visits to facilitate policy improvements for federal government directorate.

Identified gaps in existing policy, assisting development of FAA contingency plans to address COVID-19 and similar pandemics. Designed plans to address staffing impacts of crisis.
Edited project and operational documentation, updating AJR-X2 style guides, policies, letters, and memos. Drafted and disseminated meeting notes on key project planning sessions.
Consolidated and integrated operational documentation, eliminating redundancies and using concise language to improve accessibility to team members.
Developed training meeting templates, supporting 60 field training meetings to date.
Served as change agent with client teams, championing transformative improvements, such as introducing protocol that reduced weekly report generation time by 75%.

SALIENT CRGT, Fairfax, VA 5/2018 – 8/2019
Senior Policy Analyst/Project Manager

Managed stakeholder engagement with National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute client to review and update resource documents, editing and critiquing policies, procedures, and delegations of authority.

Erica Eaton, Ph.D. Page 2
Assessed federal client operational documentation, ensuring compliance with regulations, government policy, and internal standard operating procedures.

Evaluated usage, compliance, and stakeholder requirements to create document risk scores, developing recommendations to retain, revise, or retire resource documentation.
Leveraged metadata research and client guidance to post resource documentation to intranet site.
Helped build training plans to increase adoption of style guidelines, templates, and workflow processes.
Collaborated with client subject matter expert to develop system implementation plans, deploying knowledge management program framework.
Identified and proposed solutions for improving the efficiency and effectiveness of established work processes.

AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR CLINICAL ONCOLOGY, Alexandria, VA 9/2014– 4/2018
Project Manager

Directly managed the creation and implementation of program policies, procedures, and budget, ensuring smooth operation of the pilot project, as well as maximum volunteer participation. Wrote grant proposals and reported on performance against grant/contract plans, satisfying donors. Evaluated policies adopted by program leadership and recommended needed changes.

Expertly directed the implementation of the Virtual Learning Collaborative Quality Improvement Project for oncology practices by structuring project plans, overseeing schedules, and controlling budget
Created project plan (including deliverables and schedule), drafted analytical reports, and assisted management in interpreting reports to improve program delivery.
Monitored pilot project, built rapport with the project team, identified budget and volunteer-related issues, and modified policies and procedures, ensuring compliance with grant sponsors’ and Institutional Review Board guidelines.
Developed framework and guidelines for future virtual programs, facilitating their implementation.

FOUNDATION FOR THE NATIONAL INSTITUTES OF HEALTH, Bethesda, MD 4/2014 – 9/2014
Clinical Project Manager

Managed Kidney Safety Project, directing all clinical and operational activities by collaborating with principal investigators (clinicians), research organizations, and data management teams. Monitored clinical health research studies, assisting with project and research reports.

Interviewed stakeholders, summarized meetings, reviewed publications, and developed analytical reports, eliciting legislative changes.
Coordinated with consortium team on kidney safety trial to determine sensitivity of novel biomarkers for early detection of kidney disease. Ensured maintenance of data and research resources.

CABEZON GROUP, INC., Columbia, MD 12/2011 – 4/2014
Project Manager and Technical Writer
Provided evaluation of working groups that produced policy for the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA), liaising with subject matter experts to conduct research on emergency management.

Erica Eaton, Ph.D. Page 3

Identified emergency management public policy trends, crunching data to recommend policy updates.
Created project scope, set timelines, and identified deliverables, coordinating cross-functional teams to meet deadlines and requirements. Drafted and edited proposals.
Advised FEMA leadership on training review process and documentation, improving emergency management policies and procedures that were being revised and adopted.
Created complex documents that achieve desired results.

SAIC, Frederick, MD 10/2009 – 12/2011
Clinical Program Administrator

Led coordination of joint initiative between National Institutes of Health (NIH) and District of Columbia Health Department, administering internal medicine-based infectious disease care.

Worked closely with principal investigators, medical staff, and researchers throughout project lifecycle, including pre-clinical development, project requirement gathering, assessment, and protocol design.
Ensured project compliance with Food and Drug Administration, good clinical practice, and standard operating procedures by evaluating site operations and research data.
Developed inquiry response training materials and policy and procedures manuals.
Knowledge of Government health information resources, familiarity with PubMed, clinicaltrials.gov and other health resources preferred.

Education

Chicago School of Professional Psychology, Chicago, IL
Doctor of Philosophy (PhD) in Organizational Leadership

University of Hartford, West Hartford, CT
Master of Public Administration (MPA)

State University of New York (SUNY) at Oswego, Oswego, NY
Bachelor of Arts (BA) in Communication

Training & Certifications

Good Clinical Practice Training, NIH 2014

Medical and Science Writing Techniques Course, NIH 2014

Human Subjects Protection Training, NIH 2014

FEMA Emergency Management Certifications IS-100.b, IS-200, IS-242, IS-700, IS-800, FEMA 2012

Technical Skills

Microsoft Office Suite (Word, Excel, PowerPoint), WebEx, SharePoint, PubMed, JIRA
Erica Eaton

Bowie, MD 20716 301-***-****
adpdiu@r.postjobfree.com
November 16, 2021

Dennis Gorelik
Cumberland, RI

Re: Strategic Insights and Solutions Senior Advisor (Remote)

Dear H.R. Manager:

I am submitting my resume in response to the position opening. Please allow me to introduce myself to you. I am a highly talented and dedicated professional with extensive leadership experience in the fields of research, healthcare, and government sectors. Please allow me to highlight my experience and background.

My unique skills, keen eye for detail, and general aptitudes have all served to help make me an above-average professional. My approach to my work goes beyond my job description, as I am always looking for ways to improve efficiency and productivity. To familiarize you with some of my qualifications, here are the following qualities that I could bring to your search:

As a Technical Writer/Senior Consultant at Dynamis, I analyze client project processes, systems, and administrative procedures, developing improvement recommendations presented to key senior stakeholders.
Serve as change agent with client teams, championing transformative improvements, such as introducing protocol that reduced weekly report generation time by 75%.
With Salient CRGT, managed stakeholder engagement with National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute client to review and update resource documents, editing and critiquing policies, procedures, and delegations of authority.

My goal is to help you meet your overall objectives in any way I can. With my skills, experience, and expertise, I am confident that I could make a positive contribution to your highly successful organization.

I would be glad to have an opportunity to meet with you personally so that we could further discuss how I may meet the particular needs of your organization. Thank you and I look forward to speaking with you soon.

Sincerely,

Erica Y. Eaton
Enclosure: Résumé
Contact this candidate