Jay Zenitsky
614-***-****
Location: Columbus, Ohio
adpn71@r.postjobfree.com
linkedin.com/in/zenitsky

Professional Summary
Experienced technical writing professional able to work independently and collaboratively in a variety of settings with demonstrated abilities managing knowledge transfer projects.

Areas of expertise include: creating user and system documentation, designing effective help systems, web content and instructional design solutions for large and small organizations.

Application Skills

Adobe Acrobat
Adobe Captivate
Adobe Illustrator
Adobe InDesign
Adobe Photoshop
Adobe Robohelp
Box
Citrix Share File
Camtasia Studio
FileMaker Pro
HelpStudio-Document!X
HTML
Inquira
Jira
Lectora
Lotus Notes
Microsoft Access
Microsoft Excel
Microsoft PowerPoint
Microsoft SharePoint
Microsoft Visio
Microsoft Word
Microsoft Teams
Microsoft Outlook
Mind Manager
Slack
SnagIt
Word Press
Zoom

Work Experience
Project Management Institute
Content Writer/Editor, Instructional Designer and Video Producer
March 2021 - Present
Part of the learning team that developed and delivered Disciplined Agile Coach, a two-day instructor-led virtual class for advanced students completing PMI’s Disciplined Agile certification track. Consulted with subject matter experts to help develop accurate content. Designed, wrote, and edited several DA Coach modules.
Wrote the script and produced a 15 minute instructional video to describe and walk students through the DA Coach’s Assessment tool.
Was part of a three-person team who developed Disciplined Agile Value Stream Manager, a PMI e-learning micro-credential course primarily aimed at executives and managers on how to align business activities and resources around value creation for the customer. Designed, wrote, storyboarded, and edited half the course’s 12 modules.
Currently, the lead content writer on the redevelopment for PMI’s Disciplined Agile website.
Working with the learning team to design and develop the Disciplined Agile Product Owner, a new instructor-led virtual class targeted at students wanting to advance their management skills using Disciplined Agile methodologies.

AAA Auto Club
Consulting Technical Writer/Editor - Cyber security and Disaster Recovery Documentation
September 2019 - December 2019
Edited a series of cyber security policy and procedural documents for the Ohio Auto Club’s IT management and senior leadership.
Revised and edited the Ohio Auto Club’s disaster recovery and business continuity planning documentation.

Busy Bee Hub Software
Technical Writer and Training Video Producer
March 2019 – August 2019
Developed user documentation for a new web-based customer and job management software product targeted to small business organizations.
Provided critical testing and quality assurance (QA) consultation to the client.
Designed and produced a series of training videos targeting new and potential Busy Bee Hub customers.

Nationwide Insurance
Consulting Technical Writer - Cyber security Documentation and Support
November 2018 – March 2019
Designed and produced critical workflow and requirements documentation to several Nationwide cyber security units including: Threat Intelligence, Forensics and the Security Operations Center.
Worked directly with team managers to promote a new documentation repository framework.

Huntington National Bank
Consulting Infrastructure Process Documentation
December 2017 – May 2018,
Collaborated with project managers and subject matter experts to define the project’s scope and develop process documentation for Huntington’s configuration and capacity management efforts.

ABB
Consulting Technical Writer – Documentation Systems and Support
June 2017 – November 2017
Developed documentation and support systems for ABB Ability, a new platform that consolidates all ABB technologies to allow customers to connect to the Industrial Internet of Things (IIOT).
Designed and implemented QA and testing plans for a web-based team knowledge management application being developed by a Microsoft development team.

Safelite AutoGlass
Consulting Technical Writer - Business Operations Process and Policy Documentation
February 2017 – May 2017
Designed a document that incorporates Safelite’s business operational procedures as well as systems and physical security policies for a new high security or “clean room” call center.

Ventech Solutions
Technical Writer and Instructional Designer - Help System Design
June 2016 – February 2017
Worked with the development team to document a comprehensive update to the US Air Force’s cloud-based Small Business Innovation Research (SBIR) and Small Business Technology Transfer (STTR) Programs.
Produced a comprehensive user manual and online help system as part of the rollout of the SBIR/STTR Air Force Website.
Designed and delivered multiple training modules for government users and prospective small business managers to help them navigate through the SBIR/STTR application process.

MVP Systems Software
Technical Writer and Instructional Designer - Help System Design, System Documentation and Instructional Design
January 2014 – May 2016
Designed and implemented a comprehensive update to MVP’s user documentation and online help system for JAMS, a well-respected enterprise job scheduling application.
Wrote individual transcripts and produced a series of instructional videos targeting new JAMS users.
Designed a consistent look and feel for all user documentation and Websites throughout the organization.

Alliance Data Systems
Consulting Technical Writer - Business Process Documentation
August 2013 – December 2013
Researched, designed and documented the complex processes involved in building customized credit card account center Web sites for ADS’s growing list of national retail clientele.
Worked with management to create user documentation providing staff with best practices to create quality Web sites for Alliance Data System’s private label and co-branded credit cards.

InAuth Advanced Security
Consulting Technical Writer - Patent Research and User Guides
December 2012– July 2013
Provided technical research and project management for 8 new and pending patent applications.
Developed a variety of technical documentation and promotional collateral for InAuth, a provider of mobile and Web security products to the financial services industry.
Created a broad range of internal system resources and customer-related content for online help systems and user guides.

JP Morgan Chase
Technical Writer - Documentation Management for Statistical Modeling Teams
December 2010 – December 2012
Created extensive technical documentation supporting a team of econometric experts responsible for predicting home foreclosure rates using complex life-of-loan loss forecasting models.
Defined and implemented documentation standards for all model development teams.
Developed templates to create built-in styles and formatting elements.

Nationwide Insurance
Consulting Web and Usability Content Writer
April 2010– December 2010
Provided critical Web content and workflow design recommendations to usability and development teams at Nationwide Insurance website (nationwide.com) to help transition the company to an online transaction model.
Was the lead content writer for several high profile transaction projects including: “SmartRide”, Homeowners, Life and Auto Web sites.

Ohio Water Development Authority
Consulting Technical Writer - Disaster Recovery Plan Design and Documentation
March 2010 – April 2010
Designed, wrote and edited a comprehensive IT disaster recovery and business continuity planning document for the state agency that provides infrastructure financing to Ohio counties and municipalities.

Nationwide Financial
Consulting Knowledge Management Specialist - Knowledge Repository Design
September 2009 – February 2010
Researched, planned and piloted a knowledge repository for Nationwide Financial’s Reporting and Data Systems department.
Created and defined the database structure and then tested the capabilities of the repository software based on departmental requirements.
Created a design framework and samples for the creation of 50 system “guidebooks” with the goal of documenting and analyzing all critical systems throughout Nationwide Financials Reporting and Data Systems department.

SPIDA Software
Consulting Technical Writer and Instructional Designer - Help System Development
June 2008 – April 2009
Managed, designed and implemented comprehensive user guide and online help system for SpidaCalc, a Java-based engineering application developed by SPIDA Software for large utility clients.
Designed and implemented a training curriculum for new users of SpidaCalc, a design-build and analysis application that can assist utility firms with pole and joint use design.
Developed and produced a series of marketing and training videos for new users of SpidaCalc.

Motorists Insurance Group
Consulting Technical Writer, Instructional Designer and Trainer
November 2009– June 2008
Designed standards and built specific templates to allow Motorists Insurance IT staff to create and build complex technical documents with a consistent look and feel.
Developed a detailed user guide and trained both management and staff on the template’s multi-functional capabilities.
Wrote a white paper recommending specific document management system strategies and specific product recommendations for Motorists Insurance Group’s IT management.
Devised graphical standards that incorporated key symbols for servers, OS, processor and socket configurations to allow Motorist Insurance Group IT network staff to maintain consistent looking process charts.
Developed a detailed product review and analysis of Adobe Captivate, an e-learning and video tool proposed to management.
Designed several existing training projects into a trial package for management consideration.

Bioscrip Systems
Technical Writer - System Documentation and Workflow Process Design Consulting
July 2007 – January 2008
Developed a comprehensive requirements document providing detailed breakdown of BioScrip’s mission-critical, mainframe-based ScripMed application.
Created process documentation detailing the relationship between BioScrip’s incoming RightFax process and ScripMed’s environment.
Designed numerous process diagrams defining the information flows for ScripMed and TechRx, two mission-critical applications at BioScrip that provide patient enrollment, prescription order verification, screening, scheduling and dispensing functionalities for Medicare and traditional insurance patients.

Nationwide IT Service Desk
Consulting Technical Writer and Instructional Designer
December 2006 – March 2007
Managed the design of several computer-based training (CBT) modules for Nationwide Insurance IT Service Desk focusing on best practices to improve technical and business acumen for frontline help desk analysts.
Developed a CBT module focusing on disaster recovery training and coordinating team response. Designed a program using Visual Basic that calculated testing scores from PowerPoint to an Access database for evaluating student learning.
Wrote a governance white paper providing specific recommendations to improve efficiencies for the IT Service Desk Training Group.

Education
Master of City and Regional Planning The Ohio State University, Columbus, Ohio Specialization: urban planning, business finance and computer science .
Bachelor of Arts University of Missouri, Columbia, Missouri- Specialization: history, English and finance.
Contact this candidate