Karen Rothel Attention Recruiters: Do not reformat this resume.
Senior IT/SDLC Technical Writer
Houston, TX
adq721@r.postjobfree.com

COVID-19, I will work remotely but prefer onsite. I travel nationwide on a minimum of 12-month contracts C2C or 1099. Authorized to work in the US for any employer. Available for remote interviews via Zoom, Webex, FaceTime, or phone.
I am interested in permanent or contract positions. Email me the job description and end client’s name so I do not get double submitted.

HIGHLIGHTS
Contract IT/Software senior technical writer with 15 years of experience in software development life cycle (SDLC), IT, online web content, project management documentation (scope, communications, etc.), marketing, software products and services, enterprise change management (CM), quality assurance (QA), product testing, engineering processes and procedures templates, end-user, training manuals and integration documentation. Responsible for creating new documentation from the ground up. Documentation and training samples are available upon request from recruiters.
Projects: SDLC, website design, UI/XU, ERP, ECM, CMS and training documentation. Currently, training online with Madcap Flare 2019 r3 and REST APIs. I am also interested in cloud services and IT/Cybersecurity projects in conjunction with Agile/SDLC methodologies.
Excellent communications and planning skills with stakeholders, engineers, developers, vendors and end-users. Forward-thinking, project methodologies: Waterfall, PMBOK5 and Agile/Scrum framework.
Gathering documentation for business requirements, working from engineering high level design documents (both functional and non-functional).
Excellent researching skills, problem-solving, knowledge base management, run books, test scripts, migration, implementation, deployment, backup plan, lessons learned and prototyping.
Excellent at DevOps, automate, automate! Familiar with documenting projects related to public cloud platforms such as AWS and single-source documents (Madcap Flare 2019 r3). I have my own templates or I can use your templates for end user, administrator and engineering documentation.
PowerPoint presentations, project scope, communications, run books and release engineering plans.
Agile story board, grooming, PBL, Epics, SBL and sidebars discussions.
Publishing documentation for marketing, bulletins, workflows and diagrams.
Continually surpassing stakeholder expectations. Usage of DevOps to identify SDLC automation of product/project improvements.
Exceptional ability to quickly research and grasp new software technologies.
Adherence to corporate branding, federal compliance and gap analysis.
Project documentation: scope & (out-of-scope), communication project plan templates, timeline, quality, budget, resources, risk management and procurement. Knowledge base creation and collection of project artifacts.
Review, edit and automation of stakeholder documentation approval systems to ensure deliverables to the proper audience and quality are met.

CONTRACT EXPERIENCE
SDLC TECHNICAL WRITER at MSI (O&G Off Shore - Upstream) November 2017 – February 2021
Scope: SDLC for a turnkey pipeline/plant monitoring, leak detection, controls and optimization software.
Wrote an enterprise propriety operator software documentation for an upstream gas pipeline integrity application designed to monitor and control the offshore gas production. Collected project artifacts and created a knowledge base.
Elicitation of stakeholder requirements, collaboration with engineers, rig operators, developers and end-users. QA, testing, Break/fix to ensure QA. Wrote gas delivery, quality blending, liquids handling documentation, startup, shutdown and ramp-up run events. Met all documentation deadlines for operation manuals, SOP, knowledge management, testing, QA and release notes. The pipeline management software provided real-time, online monitoring and control capabilities for single and multiphase pipeline operations, including production, transmission and distribution applications.
PROJECT MANAGER at CVS (Healthcare, B2B) September 2015 – June 2016
Scope: Implementation of an enterprise Specialty Pharma software for software-related products, services, retail health clinics and healthcare providers of pharma benefits. Cloud documentation design critiquing, working with SMEs, in an Agile/Scrum framework.
Worked with Scrum teams from requirements gathering, product grooming, storyboards, EPIC breakdowns, PBI, sprints and sidebar resolutions. Approved product/process prototype from scrum meetings and new requirements as needed by the product owner. Coordinated marketing initiative for web content.
SR. TECHNICAL WRITER at SYNACOR (Live Streaming TV, CMS, Infrastructure) August 2014 – July 2015
Scope: Improve client web content for marketing/sales. Increased infrastructure for new client base. Convert developer’s Confluence Wiki’s to MS Word documents enabling developers to modify code in MS Word documents. Trained two technical writers on the Wiki/Word conversion process I created. Updated architectural diagrams and networks.
Updated web clusters including load balancers, rules, monitoring tools and installed automation software.
Implementation of a content management system (CMS) for developer code from Wiki to Word documents to ensure accurate updating locations for developer code.
PROJECT MANAGER at AIG (Financial Federal Compliance) September 2013 – May 2014
Scope: Research, automate and integrate new “Federal Regulatory and Corporate Compliance” process for governance, policies, standards, procedures, ITIL and gap analysis.
Researched and determined third-party vendor software RFI, RFP. Wrote enterprise communication plans, SOP’s and project plans. Automated document controls and approval process.
TECHNICAL WRITER at WOOD GROUP (O&G SharePoint Implementation) January 2013 – July 2013
Scope: Enterprise SharePoint implementation project.
Met all milestones, wrote process for each site to perform content migration. Created project reports, schedules and budgets. Developed and tracked KPIs.
CHANGE MANAGEMENT at SCHLUMBERGER (ITSM, CM, ITIL O&G Services) November 2011 – March 2012
Scope: Upgrade BMC Remedy 5 to Remedy 7 change management software.
New upgrade and modification of business requirements from SMEs to end-users. Rewrote the global IT change management process and procedure diagram document. Created change management diagram processes. Created PowerPoint slide presentation for project team kick-off.
SENIOR DOCUMENTATION SPECIALIST at HP (SharePoint Installation) August 2010 – September 2011
Scope: Clean up present SharePoint document libraries, page parts and permissions for three workstreams. Ensured success of the project by taking ownership of document deliverables and automated workflows for multiple business unit validation and sign-off approvals.
Documented multiple small to medium and enterprise projects. Communicated with project teams and end-users. Worked with the system administrator to resolve permissions. Created MS word template and end-user documentation.
BUSINESS ANALYST at SHELL IT SERVICES (Process & Procedures Migration) February 2009 – June 2010
Scope: Migrate 25,000 employees from Shell, Texaco and Star Lubes companies into three new companies.
Analysis for Shell’s IT division. Creation of three new networks prior to moving staff to new offices including MS exchange server data migration and permissions. Documented configuration of MS Exchange Server for 25,000 end-users with screen captures. “Award for Excellence.”
CONTRACTS PRIOR TO 2008
PROJECT TECHNICAL WRITER at SEACOR MARINE / ERA HELICOPTER (Helicopter, O&G and Trucking Transport)
Assisted project management on upgrade from MS Access to Oracle with GIS software (ESRI) for O&G helicopter and tanker transport tracking software.
SDLC PROJECT TECHNICAL LEAD at RAPT (Inventory Control Balancing, currently owned by Microsoft)
Documented project, end-user and training documentation for warehousing inventory software.
SENIOR TECHNICAL WRITER at RADISYS (IPMI Hardware)
Documented an Intelligent Platform Management Interface (IPMI) and API documents for multiple single board servers. NASA server was our first release.
SDLC TECHNICAL WRITER at SCHLUMBERGER (O&G Geophysical Database Revision)
Revised the geophysical enterprise administrator and Integration manuals for application upgrades to a proprietary DB tool. Software designed to merge ORACLE databases for geoscientists data for oil and gas exploration.
DOCUMENTATION SPECIALIST at RADISYS (IT, Hardware, IPMI)
Documented an Intelligent Platform Management Interface (IPMI) documents and APIs for single board computers and alarm modules. Collaborated with engineers, software developers and field service operators to establish SOPs for installation compliance guidelines, administration, instructions and technical guidelines.
SENIOR TECHNICAL WRITER at SCHLUMBERGER/GEOQUEST (O&G Geophysical)
Modified a DBA user guide, installation guide and release notes for a database administrative tool used by geoscientists for O&G exploration.
SDLC TECHNICAL WRITER at FORT BEND CLERK OFFICES (Process/Procedure Software)
Documented Fort Bend County Clerk software to track Vital Statistics and county judge processes with a full cash management module. Accomplishment Award for learning and converting the Word document (150-page document) within seven days into RoboHelp HTML files. Saved Hart Graphics from having a $100K payment delay.

DevOps (Used or Familiar With)
OPEN SOURCE, COMMERCIAL & PROPRIETARY SOFTWARE: Windows 10, Adobe Professional, XML editor, Snag It FrameMaker, Madcap Flare 2019 r3, RoboHelp, Acrobat Professional, Photoshop. Zoom, WebEx and FaceTime. Skype, Selenium (automated testing), SharePoint, TortoiseSVN, Subversion and Eventum bug tracking, Visio, Excel, Specialty Pharma, IRSIE (Mobile) for Prototyping - Agile compatible), WIX, Atlassian Jira, Confluence Wiki, MS Project 2016, MS Office, Auto CAD, BMC’s Remedy 7 change management module, ESA Automation and Hijack.
INDUSTRY EXPERIENCE
Process and procedures (15 years), O&G, SDLC (12 years), MS OneDrive (2 years), B2B (1 year), (Oracle JDE 1 year) healthcare (1 year), ECM/CMS, (9 years), hardware/infrastructure (2 years), SaaS (1 year), business analysis (7 years), SharePoint (7 years), geophysical (2 years), marketing (3 years), compliance and gap analysis (2 years), social media, blogging (4 years).
Contact this candidate