Paul Reinhartsen
Writer/Editor/Content Director
adq7dw@r.postjobfree.com
919-***-****

Summary of Qualifications

Location: Charlotte, NC
Candidate Experience:
Paul is finishing up a year-long stint serving as a Content Director for TIAA.
Prior to his current efforts for TIAA, Paul served as both a marketing and technical writer for such entities as Bank of America, Wells Fargo and Charter Communications.
He also has extensive experience writing, editing and reporting on user experiences (UX) involving a variety of financial products and services.
In addition, Paul served for 12 years as a reporter and editor for The Associated Press at its world headquarters in New York City.

Professional Skills

Writing, Editing, Researching, Reporting, Marketing, AP Style Guide, Technical Writing, Financial Services Policies and Procedures, SME Collaborations, Translating Complex Information to Lay Stakeholder Levels, Marketing, Public Relations, User Experience (UX), Web Copywriting, Blogging, Journalism, Content Strategy and Management, Conversational and Script Dialogue Writing for Audio and Video.

Writing Portfolio samples available at paulreinhartsen.wordpress.com

Professional Experience

TIAA Charlotte, NC January 2021-Present
Content Director
Overseeing, writing and editing communications between Financial Advisors, their existing clients, and new customer prospects (emails, scripts, web copy).
Writing and producing content for the mytiaa.org public website.
Writing and editing content for the TIAA customer mobile app.

Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. Charlotte, NC January 2020-Dec 2020
Technical Writer, Operations Document Excellence
Collaborating with subject matter experts, writing, editing and formatting procedural documents and migrating them to the Open Text system.

Charter Communications Charlotte, NC Sept 2019-Dec 2019
Technical Writer, Policy and Procedures
Writing, editing, and updating policy, procedures and job aid documents so that they comport with Charter’s Learning and Development Division’s style and branding standards.
Collaborating with various stakeholder groups in order to translate complex information into user-friendly instructional language.

Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. Charlotte, NC Feb 2019-Sept 2019
Technical Writer 6, Data Management
Working with subject matter experts, writing, editing and formatting high-risk regulatory reports.
Translating highly complex data and information into narrative report summaries read by lay stakeholders.

Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. Charlotte, NC May 2018-Dec 2018
Writer and Collaborator, International Risk White Paper
While collaborating with enterprise-wide subject matter experts, writing policy and related standards/procedures aimed at mitigating issues related to international tax risks. (Please note: my current confidential agreement with the bank prohibits me from disclosing more about the project at the present time.)

Bank of America, Charlotte, NC August 2016-April 2018
Marketing Copywriter, Financial/Consumer Services
Writing, editing, translating and formatting promotional copy that explains complex financial products to existing and potential clients.
Writing, editing and reporting user experience (UX) stories and profiles for the Bank of America news and information web site.

Freelance Writer, Editor, Charlotte, NC Nov. 2015 - August 2016
Web Copywriter (Marketing, News)
Creating and implementing a new anti-fur media campaign for animal rights groups (see “FUR Crying Out Loud” news release at paulreinhartsen.wordpress.com).

State of North Carolina, Judiciary, Charlotte, NC Aug. 2004 - Sept. 2015
Legal and Public Information Specialist
Wrote news releases related to NC Judicial Branch events and court-related issues.
Developed and edited the Billtracking Bulletin, a web-based summary and analysis of legislative activities impacting the state’s judiciary.

North Carolina Supreme Court, Raleigh, NC
Law Clerk, Justices Robert Orr, Ed Brady and Chief Justice I. Beverly Lake, Jr.
Researched legal issues, drafted and edited case opinions and petitions for review.
Developed and implemented a centralized public information office that resulted in a unified external communications policy for the court.

The Associated Press, New York, N.Y.
Editor, Writer, Reporter
Supervised all editorial facets of a 15-member bureau’s shift operations at AP’s world headquarters in New York City.
Established a first-of-its-kind, web-accessed computer news service aimed at online information providers such as AOL, Yahoo, CompuServe and Prodigy.

WDST Radio, Woodstock, N.Y.
News Director, Anchor, Reporter
Directed all operations of a 24-hour radio newsroom.
Anchored newscasts, reported stories and interviewed newsmakers ranging from entertainers to sports figures and government representatives.

Education

NCCU School of Law, Durham, NC: JD, Magna Cum Laude, May 2000, Class Rank: 4th
SUNY, New Paltz, NY: B.S., Music, December 1996, Cum Laude, Radio DJ and News Director
Contact this candidate