(Continues)
Randall Rensch
Senior Copywriter, UX/Content Writer, Researcher/Editor www.Rensch.com adqecc@r.postjobfree.com +1-718-***-**** Linkedin.com/in/randallrensch Kew Gardens (New York City), NY 11415 Instagram.com/randallrensch Long, broad experience explaining
and marketing consumer and
business technology
Freelancing since 1994, I have written all types of marketing communications, independently and
functioning as a staff member of various agencies
and types of companies. Before that, I wrote full- time at ad agencies and broadcasters, on business- to-business (B2B) and consumer accounts, winning
an Effie for marketing effectiveness.
Experienced with consumer and business tech-
nology marketers from large manufacturers and
institutions to small businesses, entrepreneurs and start-ups, in high-technology, fintech, low-tech and no-tech. I handle projects from brainstorming to
final details, or join them in-progress. Introduced new products and solved marketing problems such
as brand- and category-reputation repair, parity
positioning, and consumer skepticism. All marcom
media. Have written advertorials and hundreds of
articles on subjects ranging from personal finance, acting, psychology, and business practices, to audio engineering and industrial machinery.
SELECTED ACHIEVEMENTS
Series of mailers drew 40% response
from chief pilots and CEOs.
Method to turn existing Dannon yogurt
into a drink countered new
competitors with rapid response and
minimal investment.
Effie Award for campaign effectiveness
increased IHOP sales 30-100%,
sustained growth 10% above national
average.
Addy Award (sales promotion):
Wausau Papers.
National Retail Merchants Association
Award: Blacksmith shoes, radio.
Quoted in Complete Guide to Creating
Successful Brochures and other books
on copywriting.
PORTFOLIO AND DETAILS
Portfolio: Rensch.com/samples
Technology Samples: Rensch.com/tech
Employment and Experience details:
Rensch.com/resume
Full list of services:
Rensch.com/services
Insights (blog): Rensch.com/blog
CORE COMPETENCIES INCLUDE: Marketing Communications creative ● Account contact (input / presentation) ● Creative consultation ● Strategic development ● Campaign extension ● Search Engine Optimization (SEO/SEM research and copywriting) ● Editing ● Editorial content and research ● Storytelling and Narration ● Naming/ branding ● Photography ● Website development and management ● UX design ● Social media ● All traditional media (mail, signage, video, etc.) ● user manuals and consumer guides TECHNOLOGY EXPERIENCE INCLUDES: Citibank ● IBM ● AT&T ● United Technologies (several divisions) ● Simplex (life safety/security) ● Harris ● ASEA ● Warren Paint ● Raymond James ● Körber PaperLink ● EDI, other fintech ● FEA Waterjet ● Datascope ● Sony ● IT services ● Raytheon ● IVECO ● Sikorsky ● Microsoft ● ASEA ● Airco ● Kodak RANGE OF EXPERIENCE (EXAMPLES): Raymond James ● Coca-Cola ● Domco flooring ● Chase ● Azrock tile ● car dealers ● Clariant colorants ● IHOP ● Wausau Papers ● Edge Studio ● KLM ● Rawlings ● Advanced Patient Advocacy ● Anso carpet fibers ● Dannon ● Norton High Performance Plastics ● Thompson Bearings Randall Rensch Senior Copywriter adqecc@r.postjobfree.com +1-718-***-**** Page 2 of 2 PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Oct 1994 – PRESENT (Freelance/Contract)
MOST RECENT EMPLOYERS INCLUDE:
Edge Studio, LLC For more than a decade, this
recording studio, which also specializes in the training of voice actors, has steadily grown to be a leader in both fields, with the support of my sales copy,
educational content and guidance. I wrote a large
portion of their website copy (including SEO),
marketing presentations, scripts, and articles on
wide-ranging industry-related topics, from technique and psychology, to home-studio technology and
business practices. Also edited the writing of the CEO and guest bloggers and technical proposals.
Rensch.com/testimonials
The Transformation Agency / The Faulkner Group
Long a collaborator with this company's president, I have contributed to strategic planning, creative
conceptualization, and campaign development, also
serving as a trusted sounding board and contributor to the agency's innovative marketing ideas. Clients included investing services, financial back-office services, custom medications, medical technology.
Rensch.com/testimonials
PREVIOUS STAFF EXPERIENCE (with principal accounts)
Bryant Inc., Copywriter —AlliedSignal (Anso),
Azrock (tile), Domco (flooring, retailer support)
McCaffrey & McCall Direct, Copywriter — T.
Rowe Price (mutual funds/financial services)
Hammond Farrell, Copywriter — ASEA
(industrial equipment), Airco (gases), etc.
Marsteller, Copywriter — Chemical Bank (B2B),
Source Securities, Dannon (CPG food), Iveco
(trucks), Sikorsky (aircraft)
Edwin Bird Wilson, Copywriter —
Manufacturers Hanover (wholesale/retail bank)
Saxe Mitchell, Copy/Contact — IHOP
(restaurant, regional dealers association)
WSNL-TV, Copywriter/Scriptwriter/Producer —
retailer advertisers
Independent Copywriter/Producer/Talent for
radio commercials — retailers
WLIX Radio, Copywriter, Producer,
Commercials talent — retailers
SOFTWARE
Proficient: Word / Windows / HTML / CSS / PHP /
Photoshop / Pro Tools / Major browsers / Facebook
/ Instagram / Wild Apricot
Familiar with: JavaScript / MySQL / Excel
RELATED EXPERIENCE
Voice actor, narrator and audio producer. Having begun my career in radio advertising (writer, producer, talent), and later having a professional relationship with Edge Studio, I have trained extensively with leading voice-over coaches. In addition to strengthening my work for Edge Studio (summarized above), this experience benefits other clients by giving me extra insight into presentation, and in writing for TV, video and radio. Swiss Ski Club of NY. I've repeatedly collaborated on the leadership board of this regional sports / social club with members from many countries and cultures. I enjoy mentoring others in strategy and details of club operations, spirit, and member acquisition / retention. On a volunteer basis, I have managed correspondence, website planning, content and operations, email copy, database administration, event planning, documentation (established a wiki), more.
EDUCATION
University of Illinois, Champaign, IL. B.S. Communications (Journalism) School of Visual Arts. Various courses in Advertising conceptual development, similar to other courses taken, taught by leading Creative Directors.
Contact this candidate