Roy Jerry Davis
**** *** ***, ** # * Swastika,
Ontario, Canada, P0K 1T0.
Cell Phone, 705-***-****
E-mail, adql78@r.postjobfree.com

Summary of Personal Qualification
Strong work ethic,
Excellent inter personal skills,
Ability to work remotely,
In-depth knowledge of progress reporting,
Proficient in the development of user guides, policies, and procedures,
Solid understanding of documentation Best Business Practices,
Five years, experience as post secondary Instructor,
Ability to develop creative and straightforward solutions to complex problems,
Ability to research, understand, and embrace emerging technologies,
Experienced ESL and soft skills Instructor, 4 years at Berlitz Academy, Doha,Qatar,
Two and a half years as writing instructor South Alberta Polytechnic, Calgary campus,
Adapt quickly to new environments and multicultural situations, and
develop and maintain publication for several active department including Health and Safety.

Professional Experience and Achievements
Senior Technical Writer and Post-secondary instructor with over twenty eight (28) years experience, including six (6) years in the petrochemical industry, and ten (10) years in the advanced technologies, aerospace industries, and software applications with civilian and military contractors.
Wrote multi-level procedures, policies, operational and instructional manuals containing technical material for non-technical staff. Authored introduction to Technical Writing manuals for the oil and gas industry.
Winner of the prestigious Qatar Petroleum Mabourk Award (2008) for the innovative design, development, and implementation of a distinctive electronic document library system. This document storage and retrieval system allowed non-technical staff to quickly find and use important documents. The system provided multi-point access enabling staff to use the documents at the worksite or desk locations.
As a lead writer within QP, I worked within a multicultural group improving output and the quality of deliverable documentation and reports. Proficient with many of the major documentation applications and all Microsoft Office applications. I have a successful record of accomplishment of meeting time-lines for documentation developments and their delivery.
Prepared course material for soft skills and oral presentation for staff and management of several large government departments while in Doha, Qatar.
Wrote a hand book for training junior technical writers at Qatar Gas. This included, included several types of formatting, using Microsoft Word, type styles and they application document in standards.

Professional Work History
Berlitz Language Training Centre English Language Instructor
June 2011 to September 2014 English as a Second Language
Doha, State of Qatar Instructor Business Soft Skills
The Look Company Special Projects, Procurement
August 2009 to June 2012 DFO Coordinator for SNC Lavalin International,
Doha, State of Qatar SAPORT, KSA, short term contract

Qatar Petroleum Senior Technical Writer
October 2005 to August 2009 Ras Laffan Industrial City, State of Qatar

Independent Contractor Technical Writer and Researcher
April 2004 to September 2005 Calgary, Alberta, Canada
Incorporated: Quill and Keys Inc.

L3 communication - Spar Aerospace Ltd. Senior Technical Writer
September 2002 to March 2004 Edmonton International Airport, Alberta, Canada

PennCorp Insurance Ltd. Licensed Accident and Health Agent
October 2001 to, August 2002 Calgary, Alberta, Canada

Fifth Era Knowledge Contract Senior Technical Writer,
March 2001 to July 2001 Calgary, Alberta, Canada

Zi Corporation Senior Technical Writer and Researcher
Innovative products development Calgary, Alberta
June 2000 to February 2001 San Francisco California

FutureLink Inc. (ISPO) Senior Technical Writer
January, 2000 to February, 2000 Calgary, Alberta
March, 2000 to May, 2000 Irvine California, USA

Computing Device Canada (CDC) Senior Technical Writer
(General Dynamics) Group Leader
July 1998 to March 1999 Calgary, Alberta, Canada

NORTEL Ltd. Senior Technical Writer,
Wireless Division Calgary, Alberta, Canada
May 1996 to July 1998

Computer Sonics System Inc. Marketing Manager
Oil Well Equipment Manufacturing Calgary, Alberta
July 1995 to March 1996 Fort Worth, Texas, USA

Computer Sonics System Inc. Senior Technical Writer and Designer
January 1994 to July 1995 Calgary, Alberta

Southern Alberta Institute of Technology Instructor/Teacher
Communications Arts Department (SAIT) Calgary, Alberta, Canada
September 1991 to December 1993

Educational History

Carleton University Management Certificate, 3.2 grade point average
Ottawa, Ontario Managing Human Relations
Algonquin College Data Processing Certificate

Royal Canadian Air Force Technology Diplomas
Military Technical College Advanced Electronics Systems
CFB Clinton, Ontario Advanced RADAR Systems

Professional Training – Courses, Study Projects, and Seminars:

Kepner Trego Institute Problem Solving Analysis and Decision-Making

Southern Alberta Geophysics for down hole well logging
Institute of Technology

ISO Quality Training Quality Circle and Continues Quality Improvement
Qatar Petroleum Business Strategy and Systems, September 2006

Military Service Royal Canadian Air Force (RCAF)
Honourable Discharge

Awards
Qatar Petroleum Mabrouk Award: Cash and certificate award for the design and implementation of a unique and dynamic Quality Documentation Library system, (QDLS).

Memberships American Society for Quality (passed)
Canadian Business Association in Qatar (CBAQ)

Certification
John’s Ambulance First Aid Certificate College of the North Atlantic, Doha
Transportation of Dangerous Goods Certificate, Alberta, Canada
(may need renewal)

Software, Tools, and Applications
Proficient in the use of following software applications:
Microsoft office suite SnagIt 8 (screen capture application)
MS Project Adobe suite
Microsoft Visio MS Excel
PowerPoint PageMaker
Contact this candidate