Résumé: Steven Sullivan
***** ******* *** **
Ashburn, VA 20147
Mobile phone: 703-***-****
E-mail: adqpyb@r.postjobfree.com

Duties and Responsibilities as Technical Writer/ Functional Analyst with MAG Aerospace
Sept, 2021 –- Feb, 2022
Developed templates for layout, illustration, word processing applications, experienced in acquiring and preparing data, and writing, editing, and producing documents for improved document processing and version control.
Provided indepth editorial effort, which required reviewing technical accuracy of documents by interviewing Subject Matter Experts SMEs.
Developed Technical Content of various RFPs for the technical sections to capture all relavent sections that is understandable wherein text are edited as necessary to condense, consolidate, and clarify verbiage to ensure the quality of language in a document, checking fluency, parallelism, and level of writing for the defined audience.
Reviewed and edited content for rational paragraphing, format, content coherence, and comprehensiveness of tables and figures to removed contradictions and inconsistencies.
Ensured adherence to applicable specifications for proper agreement among all parts of the document
proofreading of all text, tabular, and illustration pages, checking for errors and making the necessary corrections. Thus, all tables and figures that are referenced in text are verified to exist, follow in proper order, and have unique and meaningful titles, a consistent numbering system (where applicable) is used for all pages, paragraphs, tables, and illustrations.

Duties and Responsibilities as Technical Writer/ Functional Analyst with USCG
Aug, 2020 –- Sept. 2021
Developed content and system structure requirements for Cyber Secuirty Operations and Maintenance Office and provided technical writing and functional analysis needs for various IT systems within the USCG.
Developed internal user and technical requirements guides for various cloud applications. Interviewed subject matter experts on technical details for updating manuals to reflect technology changes.
Identified process based improvements that impacted knowledge management including the development and presentation of the business cases for improving data security and operational efficiencies.
Developed, and implemented quality control audit trail of functional and technical users. Created standard operating procedures, sequence of operations to be in compliance with Sarbanes Oxley and industry best practices.
Supervised review and approval of all technical and user manuals for Application, OS and DB data repositories including data recovery.

Duties and Responsibilities as Technical Writer with Digital Realty
Feb, 2019 –- Nov, 2019
Developed site documentation and training manuals for planned preventative and reactive maintenance work, and emergency response to emergent issues. Served as subject matter expert on technical resource reporting.
Identified process based improvements that generate operational and financial efficiencies including the development and presentation of the business cases for site projects to improve data center efficiencies.
Developed, and implemented quality control audit of standard operating procedures, sequence of operations and maintenance standards to be in compliance with company standards and industry best practices.
Supervised local change management processes including the review and approval of all Method of Procedures (MOPs) for maintenance and reactive maintenance such as one-time/emergency repair events in coordination with onsite personnel, contractors and customers.

Communication Director / Proposal Coordinator
Delos Aerospace Jan 2012- Feb 2019
The communication experience listed below includes coordinating national and international teams, As lead proposal coordinator I was responsible for establishing the systems and method of responding to RFPs, ensuring proposals are completed in a timely manner. I managed remote teams, consisting of as many as 50 people to complete proposals before required deadline.
As the proposal coordinator, I designed and edited the finalized proposal document to ensure capture of business going forward. I communicated with the proposal team in various ways, including video conferencing, visual and graphic layouts for Powerpoint presentations. I created various templates for future proposals while ensuring that the established templates are followed. I worked with the proposal team to ensure that the goals and objectives were achieved while communicating the progress of various proposals to executive level management.
Responsibilities
Responsible for writing/leading proposal sections as assigned and ensuring compliance with all RFP requirements.
Demonstrated ability to manage time and deliverables under tight deadlines
Supported proposal production through preparation, editing and final binding of all proposals. Coordinated all proposal sections assigned (Past Performance, Technical, Management, Pricing) and completed all required Government forms.
Reviewed various RFPs and Statement of Work (SOW) to help determine how to best structure the response to be compliant, compelling, and highly rated.
Developed clear and persuasive proposal sections while translating complex ideas into easily understandable text.
Incorporated relevant information from Subject Matter Experts (SMEs) to be included within proposals.
Researched and gathered complex information for use in proposal development activities.
Participated in storyboarding and content development meetings and brainstorming sessions.
Developed the win strategies for final proposal drafts.
Interviewed program managers and task leads, and other technical personnel to collect technical and methodology information and incorporated that information into writing winning technical approach sections of proposals.
Engaged with all stakeholders throughout the entire proposal lifecycle to create compelling proposal content.
Incorporated feedback based on proposal draft reviews to ensure the final narrative is compliant, with a compelling story that clearly conveys the intended message.
Identified, resolved, and mitigated gaps and risks to executive level management.

Qualifications
Understanding of Federal Government proposal development process and proven writing experience.
Able to clearly and concisely write proposal sections to convey knowledge of the goals and business objectives and how our solution meets or exceeds requirements.
Working knowledge of the following software tools: Microsoft Word, Excel, SharePoint, PowerPoint, and Adobe suite CC.
Strong project and people management skills.
Demonstrated ability to manage time and deliverables under tight deadlines.
Highly organized, team-oriented, enthusiastic, innovative thinker, and collaborative communicator.

Technical Writer / Delos Aerospace June 2008- Jan 2012
Generated office action responses from the USPTO during the patent prosecution process for all US and foreign filings strengthening patent claims structures. Capable of developing solutions involving multiple cross disciplines within complex systems and interoperability issues such as within Mechatronics system of systems improving overall performance levels.
Conducted research and technical writing for white papers on the Mechanosynthesis process. Systems and methods of manufacturing nanotube structures US Patent Application 200******** and 200********.

Developed multi-criteria optimization within innovative applications involving multiple cross disciplines within complex systems in a timely and cost-effective manner.
Identified functionality and interoperability issues within various embedded systems of systems within the solution-space and improving performance levels.
Experienced in conceptual engineering analysis and development, technology optimization, project planning, systems integration and development of life-cycle cost.
Invented solutions as well as improving system design utilizing creative insights with a flexible adaptable solutions-driven mindset. Investigated various state of the art technologies and identified specific improvements within Mechatronics system of systems.
Landing gear method and apparatus for braking and maneuvering, US Patent 7237748 and 7226018.

Conducted office action responces from the USPTO for patent prosecution for the following patents:
Method and apparatus for mitigating trailing vortex wakes of lifting or thrust generating bodies
oUnited States Patent Application 200********.
Method and apparatus for powering of amphibious craft
oUnited States Patent Application 200********

Delos Aerospace February 2003- June 2008
Project Planning
Identified and prioritized corporate mission communication needs and evaluated alternative means of meeting those needs by matching resources to proposed alternative digital communication systems and managing selected digital monitoring systems throughout their life cycles.
Contributed to development of new business and enterprise product development capabilities, conducted the analysis of information, and participated in contract negotiations.
Applied latest technologies to information systems operation and analysis such as google analytics, data control algorithms, network flow programs using interior point methods, and cost-benefit analysis.
Managed project cost and scheduling of new projects for development and assessing communication implementation issues such as cost, installation, maintenance, feedback to stakeholders, evaluating technical risk and design maturity parameters of new implementation systems and methods to enhance communication performance, affordability, increase reliability, automated prognostics and diagnostics, reduce maintenance cost and develop operations procedures.
Identified and quantified the value of assets and personnel and prospective subcontracting collaborators creating a communications project team and assigning responsibilities for the efficient and cost-effective development, execution, and monitoring of commercial agreements and supervised negotiations and drafting of agreements generated by contracting and licensing associates overseeing the implementation and enforcement of the material transfer agreement process ensuring that the statement of work is define properly to successfully deliver a completed communication system to meet or exceed the customer needs.

Omnidyne Inc., July 1998- Jan 2003

Director of Research, Development and Demonstration Projects / Omnidyne Inc
Managed manufacturing for development and demonstration projects from concept to demonstration level. Manufactured test rigs for bench-top testing of electrical power generators constructed. Installed micro-turbine generators and interconnected to grid for distributed power generation. Identified and implemented material condition improvements, including predictive and performance centered maintenance optimization.

Performed field installation and testing of plant systems and components and facility changes. Ensured the plant’s physical and functional characteristics accurately reflected in the plant documents. Performed engineering analysis to support plant changes. Interfaced with training department, to perform as the departmental training coordinator. Supported the engineering department as the Vendor Equipment Technical Information Program coordinator.

Prepared required analysis and program documents to support inspection scopes.Analyzed issues involved with corrective and predictive maintenance on process computer and control systems, implement improvements as required. Analyzed issues involved with corrective and predictive maintenance on protective relays and associated circuits and implemented improvements as required.

Analyzed issues involved with corrective and predictive maintenance on exciters and voltage regulator equipment, implement improvements as required. Performed Electrical Construction testing for modifications and new installations of electrical equipment and associated circuits. Provided technical expertise on troubleshooting electrical equipment.

Westinghouse, Oct 1995-May 1998

Startup Commissioning Engineer/Implementation Specialist

Setup installation of gas turbine instrumentation and control systems. Setup TXP teleperm network communications control systems on the optical and profibus for OT, OM, ES and Server systems.
Designed and Implemented factory acceptance testing program of software and systems integration testing of various gas turbine control systems.

Power Plant Operator, Supervisor / Biosphere II, Nov 1991-Sept 1995
Supervised and operated multi fuel power plant for Biosphere II that supplied electrical power and cooling and heating needs for the Biosphere II project located in Oracle Arizona.
Programmed Allen-Bradley PLC’s using ladder logic designing and modifying various control system setups for various power plant system modifications.
Nuclear Power Electrician, USS Enterprise / US NAVY, Sept 1980- Jan 1987
Managed Electrical Engineering Group 30 (EE30). I maintained and operated all associated electrical power generation and distribution systems and various motor controllers throughout the ship.
Provided troubleshooting for motor controllers and supported outside troubleshooting needs throughout the ship. Supervised the operation of Central Control Load Distribution System.
Acted as troubleshooter of all associated electrical equipment that supports 8 nuclear reactor plants.
Planned training and Supervised Shop Planned Maintenance System.
Education:
Marymount University, Arlington VA, Communication 2013- 2017
University of Rochester, Rochester NY, Optical Eng. 1989-1991
US NAVY:
Leadership Management Training School 1985, Nuclear Power Plant Operations Course 1982, Naval Nuclear Power School 1981, Electricians Mate “A” School 1981, Basic Electricity and Electronics 1980
Research interests:
Automotive technology, Electric Automobiles, Energy Storage Technology,Green Technologies, Nano Technology, NEMS, MEMS, Mechatronics, System of Systems Engineering, Computational Molecular and Atomic Dynamics, Computational Fluid Dynamics, Magnetics, Virtual Teaming Building and Collaborative Planning Best Practices.
Additional areas of expertise include but not limited to the following:
Conceptual Engineering Development, Aircraft Safety Assessments, Aircraft Configuration Requirements, Testing Procedures & Practices, and Environmental Qualifications.
Exceptional interpersonal skills & excellent networking connections developed over time as a member of IEEE, IEEE Aerospace and Electronics Systems, SAMPE and SAE organizations and committees.
Certifications: Profibus 1996, S7 programming 1996, S5 programming 1993, GE power systems, EX2000 digital excitation controls 1995. EPA 608 certification
Contact this candidate