My primary goal is to advance the theory and practice of sound technical communication across all user abilities and media platforms so businesses and customers benefit from the effective use of documentation practices, products and services.
SKILLS & CERTIFICATIONS
Adobe Creative Suite Adobe Photoshop, Adobe Pro IX – XI, ArborText EPIC Editor, ArborText Advanced Print Publisher (APP)/XPP Publisher, Captivate, InDesign, Instructional Design/Scripting, Framemaker (Unstructured), JavaScript, JavaScript APIs, and template-driven design. HTML/HTML5, SGML, Dreamweaver, Madcap Flare, RoboHelp, SharePoint/ SharePoint Designer, Salesforce, SnagIt, Microsoft (MS) Office Suites through 2016 (Word, Outlook, PowerPoint, Excel, Access and Visio), JIRA/Confluence, content management systems (CMS)
EXPERIENCE
Technical Editor/Technical Writer, Sr., Contractor, Leidos ASC, Centennial, CO 07/2019 – Present
As a Senior-level Technical Editor, I use my skills and experience to oversee the content creation process and manage junior editors. Our team proofreads text and improves each document for clarity, cohesion, spelling and punctuation. My team is responsible for maintaining consistency, readability and accuracy. My team also expedites content development while ensuring content quality. I possess the skills necessary for efficiently preparing content for publication and maintaining productive working relationships with writers, designers and other editors. Efficiency and objectivity are paramount. As a senior editor, I am ultimately responsible for helping content succeed in the Leidos’ content creation and publishing processes. Functional knowledge of existing and emerging communication platforms and strategies as well as extensive experience documenting semiconductors, firmware, APIs for various software technologies.
Technical Communications Specialist/Technical Data Designer III, Self-employed Documentation Consultant, Roy, UT 07/2015 – 07/2019
As a consultant working with Boeing Defense Systems, I developed Aircraft, Aviation and Simulation documentation and Operation and Maintenance manuals. Revised all publication elements for all levels of maintenance for new or fielded major equipment systems and/or multiple subsystems including theory of operations, flight manuals, testing and troubleshooting procedures, illustrated parts breakdowns (IPBs), removal and installation procedures and schematic/wiring diagrams. While working as a contractor with B-D Medical, I created and updated MEDDEV 2.7.1 Rev. 4, and Clinical Evaluation Reports (CER) for medical devices for new device or continued CE marking. During my employment as a Knowledge Manager with DealerTrack, I created and curated software development documentation, which included Release Notes, Product Release documentation, and interactive API documentation within a web-facing developer portal for internal and external offline consumption. Converted the software documentation library from a Wiki platform to a Self-Service Knowledge Base portal.
Senior Technical Editor, Booz Allen Hamilton Engineering Services, Clearfield, UT
7/2012 – 6/2015
Reviewed contractor provided technical data/manuals for modification to update or correct language and configurations of existing related AF weapon systems technical data. Developed, authored and edited material for U.S. Air Force Technical Orders (TOs) per ATOS requirements. These revisions included updates and technology changes to time compliant technical orders (TCTOs) using Adobe Acrobat Professional IX, X, and XI, and ArborText EPIC Editor SGML tagging software and Adobe Creative Suite programs to annotate, revise, correct, and review existing technical documentation prior to transformation into digitized formats for electronic and hard copy utilization and retention into vendor contracts. Experience with ArborText Advanced Print Publisher (APP) and a strong understanding of JavaScript, JavaScript APIs, and template-driven design. I have worked extensively with DITA/XML, HTML-5 and CSS. I have worked with Content management systems, and/or code versioning tools and have used InDesign to conform to design requirements.
Owner/Senior Technical Writer, Digital Data Solutions, LLC, Roy, UT 1/2006 – 7/2012
Broad expertise spans creating standard operating procedures (SOPs), test methods (TMs), templates, style guides, user guides/operation manuals, white papers, analytical testing for product complaints to determine root cause analysis of defective product claims, biotechnology/pharmaceutical reports, and software quality assurance. I created documentation for IRS Compliance, Risk, and Federal/State Taxes, and product management/support. While in sole charge of the engineering technical publications department, I successfully instituted a production database and tracking methods, which yielded a time and a cost reduction of over 30%, greatly improving technical documentation content and quality. Some of my notable clients included REDGEAR (an H&R Block subsidiary), B-D Medical, ICU Medical, Honeywell Aerospace, GE Healthcare, and Utah Transit Authority (UTA).
Senior Dialyzer R&D Lab Specialist, Fresenius Medical Care, Inc., Ogden, UT
2/1993 – 1/2006
While employed in the Dialyzer Research & Development department with a leading medical device manufacturer in the field of kidney dialysis/diabetes treatment, I effectively incorporated scientific knowledge while clearly communicating technical and medical information into clear, concise and comprehensive end user/stakeholder information. I interviewed scientific subject ratter experts (SMEs) to obtain knowledge and information regarding changes to medical device testing, equipment, procedures and processes. Created Test Methods (TMs), standard operating procedures (SOPs) and user guides while serving as a single point of contact for CAPA resolution and deviation activities. I created and maintained laboratory policies and procedures to ensure alignment with corporate quality requirements associated with medical device manufacturing/product testing within FDA guidelines and Code of Federal Regulations (CFR) requirements for medical devices.
EDUCATION
B.A. English/Technical Communications from Columbia Pacific University, San Rafael, CA 10/1984 – 6/1987
A.Sc. Clinical Laboratory Science from Columbia Pacific University, San Rafael, CA 10/1984 – 4/1985
Technical Writing Certification, VITREX, LLC, Ogden, Utah, January 2000. No expiration date.
Contact this candidate