Steven Henning
Phone 706-***-**** E-mail adqxe0@r.postjobfree.com Marietta, Georgia
HIGHLIGHTS

Administrator on various support servers.
Updated and standardized GIS database for utility infrastructure and maintenance data for both internal and external personnel.
Processed high resolution imagery/photos for analysis and basemaps.
Designed multi-software suite workflows for data manipulation.
Developed SDE enterprise geodatabase with mobile applications that allow edits from field devices.
Professional Digital Portfolio: https://shenningsite.wordpress.com/

WORK EXPERIENCE

3-GIS LLC, Remote
Support Specialist II July 2021 - Present
Provide technical (GIS related) support to external telecommunication customers for both mobile and web 3-GIS application platforms.
Work remotely as part of a team to assist in resolving customer submitted tickets in a timely manner via slack, Google chat, teams and other web based platforms for team screen sharing and meetings.
Work with ArcGIS platforms, JSON files, Oracle GDBs, DB3s, SDEs to troubleshoot and resolve customer issues with the 3-GIS application.
Introduced to the company a way to document using a knowledge sharing platform where others can share notes to increase productivity.
Georgia Power, Atlanta, Georgia
Transmission Line Specialist II May 2018 - July 2021
Perform installations of GIS, data management software, and IT support while using remote access to customer computers.
Manage data requests for large projects Involving multiple groups, departments and companies.
Responsible for updating large databases 1TB> with field data for asset management and GIS applications for server, desktop and mobile platforms.
Developer of various types of maps and provider of technical support to the TMCs and field crews across the state.
Administrator on several servers and web pages for Line Support.
Responsible for STOMP Edits, running weekly processes (TLMS, Orphaned Version Cleanup/Tiering/Getnewstompdata), updating system operating memorandums (SOM’s), updating training materials, and performing daily aerial patrol checks for photo imports
Perform queries for reporting regarding asset management and GIS data.
Assist with storm center events to support transmission line support for tracking damages and repairs.
Creator/Keeper of the CarryMap Files and GPS Files for field crews, LAANC Grid Maps for Drone Pilots.
Assisted with STORM duty at the Storm Center, importing data into TTRS and tracking aerial vehicle traffic.
Aerotek (in conjunction with Gulf Power), Pensacola, Florida
GIS Specialist November 2017 – April 2018
Provided GIS editing by utilizing ArcFM for cartographic enhancements to the database for more legible map reading/printing.
Helped deplete the back log of GIS edits from multiple departments.
Clark Personnel (In conjunction with Daphne Utilities), Daphne, Alabama
MID GIS Analyst October 2016 – November 2017
Managed all GIS installs, operations and developments.
Responsible for data manipulations that are compatible with enterprise geodatabases and online applications.
Created and updated web maps and mobile applications for field personnel that were editable from mobile platforms (IOS and Android) which were reflected on all platforms.
Created/updated database with field data and hyperlink scanned PDF maps in attribute tables for each service (gas, water and sewer).
Wrote python code to adjust the numerical field OID for accurate SQL query analysis.
Published and managed layers to REST services via the server manager that are linked through ArcGIS online and reflected on mobile application.
Wrote SQL code for pipe size and location analysis.
Worked with external engineer consultants to ensure the GIS data is up to date.
Tested and assessed new technology for potential purchase for use by field crew.
City of Daphne, Alabama GIS Intern July 2015 – September 2016
Collected and prepared data for material quantity calculations and field investigations. Data included photographs of City Infrastructures that were cataloged and displayed in GIS.
Provided coordination, oversight and other support services to Public Works and Environmental Programs through field collections, cataloging and/or mapping of infrastructure data.
Created written reports and correspondences related to GIS data with environmental permitting.
Executed routine GIS edits, design, processing and mapping.
Assisted with 3D analysis of geospatial and Trimble Survey data.
Assisted with the evaluations of transportation and drainage issues through the use of GIS.
Provided GIS support of environmental permitting review and application for the public.
Reconstructed/updated GIS databases for the different city departments: Planning, Public Works, Fire, and Environmental.
Oak Grove Technologies LLC Contractor, Mobile, Alabama
(In conjunction with the with the United States Army Corps of Engineers)
GIS Developer January 2014 – November 2014
In-house GIS professional and GIS technical writer.
Lead POC for the enhancement of GIS technology through troubleshooting and repairing or replacement of expired devices.
Created technical documentation to support the creations of tutorials and video clips for training and briefing.
Researched for GIS related data in support of civilian/military exercises.
Manipulated raw data into GIS formats to be visible via GIS related software.
Provided technical support for military and civilian needs regarding field equipment, computer, or GIS related issues.
Correlated with other GIS personnel in other regions of the world to obtain data for exercise or real time usage.
Created hurricane and hazardous scenarios to depict through GIS software for civilian/military situational awareness and training.
HX5 LLC Contractor Vicksburg, Mississippi
(In conjunction with the United States Army Corps of Engineers)
Systems Application Specialist II / GIS Specialist April 2010 – December 2013
Provided technical support personnel for military and civilian needs regarding field equipment or computer issues encountered in the field.
Collaborated on a team for the creation of the Infrastructure Reconnaissance Information System (IRIS) software and deployment on multiple GPS field data collecting devices.
Collaborated on a team for the creation of the Infrastructure Reconnaissance Information System (IRIS) software and development on multiple GPS field data collecting devices.
Editor/technical writer for all GIS systems and software.
Lead the UROC Mobile, AL office to become self-sufficient in creating their own documentations and media resources for training to support field personnel.
Subject Matter Expert on all GIS related FEST (Forward Engineering Support Team) equipment.
Lead personnel for establishing database connectivity with the home office for data transfers.
Lead Instructor for military and civilian personnel throughout the US on the uses of the geospatial devices and archived databases.
Editor of geospatial data (roads, boundaries, buildings, etc.) based on raster imagery using ERIDAS Imagine and ArcMap software.
Technical writer for all "Step-by-Step" instruction documents for the various databases that support the United States Army Corp of Engineers Reachback Operation Center.
Served as the POC for mass reimaging of computers and field devices for field training.

EDUCATION

North Carolina State University
Professional Science Masters of Geospatial Information & Technology (MGIST) GPA (3.667) May 2017
Gainesville State College (Oakwood, Georgia)
Bachelor of Science in Applied Environmental Spatial Analysis GPA (3.2) July 2009
Associate of Science in Biology July 2008
Associate of Science in Geography December 2006
Certificate in Global Information Science December 2006
Augusta Technical College (Augusta, Georgia)
Associate of Science in Technical Studies June 2004

TECHNICAL SKILLS

*STOMP * CarryMap App * ArcGIS/Arc Catalog/ArcScene 10+ * ArcGIS Pro * ArcFM CITRIX
* MOBI Web designer * Erdas Imagine 9.2, 10.1 * Web App Builder * PostgreSQL * ArcGIS Online
* Model Builder * GPS Pathfinder Office * AVSWAT/ArcSWAT/BASINS) * FTP Transfers * TauDEM
* Python (PythonWin) Basic level * ARC Objects, Visual Basics * Trimble (TerraSync) (TerraFlex * Arc Server Manager * HTML
* Familiarity with SQL server * DB3 * Jira

CERTIFICATIONS

Global Information Systems (Gainesville State College) December 2006
Geospatial Information System Professional (GISP) Certification (Certification Number 70170) Expiration : April 2022
Certificate Transmission 101 – Electric Power Research Institute University (EPRI U) November 2020
Certificate Spatial Data Science: New Frontier in Analytics – Environmental Systems Research Institute December 2020
Contact this candidate