Tanya Stehlik
Roseburg, OR • adqx0q@r.postjobfree.com• 541-***-****
Administration Assistant
Performance-driven professional with extensive experience coordinating office management and delivering assistance to high profile individuals in accomplishing special projects.
— Key Qualifications —
Track record of dealing with incoming email and phone calls as well as corresponding on behalf of the senior managers with proficiency in researching and preparing presentations.
Adept at developing and maintaining detailed administrative and procedural processes to reduce redundancy and improve accuracy and efficiency.
Expert in providing superior customer service, administrative support, maintaining meticulous documentation, problem solving, resolving issues, coordinating meetings, and ensuring compliance with defined standards.
Technically proficient in MS Word, MS Excel, MS PowerPoint, MS Outlook, Windows, Linux, and Mac OS.
Professional Experience
Sherms Thunderbird – Roseburg, OR
Bakery Assistant Manager 4/15/2000 to 2/1/2022
Attain customer satisfaction and retention by delivering exceptional customer services. Eliminate shortages and manage overstocking by creating and maintaining a department inventory log. Perform various activities, including scheduling, supervising personnel, tracking sales, costing product, ordering, and working with multiple vendors. Administer daily inventory logs while preparing and sending inventory reports to senior management on quarterly basis. Ensure adherence of all set regulatory standards by setting department SOPs as well as writing compliance sheets and order guides.
Selected Contributions:
Improved efficiency of department by shifting and changing the culture of paper documentation to computerized records.
Prepared various forms, charts, graphs, signs, and documents for future reference.
NCR – San Diego, CA
Administrative Assistant, 1993 to 1995
Manage diaries while scheduling meetings and appointments of managers and executives. Organize files to maintain accurate record for future use and reference. Oversee booking and travel arrangements while administering daily activities of household during traveling.
Selected Contributions:
Developed and maintained an internal filing system to organize and locate all files for on time reply to all incoming correspondence.
Completed all required documentation by using word processing, spreadsheet, and database.
Additional Experience as Technical Writer at SAIC (Science Applications International Corporation).
Educational Background
Medical Billing and Coding degree
Herzing University
On-line degree
Classes Include: Ethics, CIS, Medical Terminology, Medical Transcription, Pharmacology, Anatomy and Physiology I & II
AA and AS degree
UCC Community College, Roseburg, OR
Contact this candidate