R I C H A R D H. E W I N G
Fremont, CA.
408-***-****
adr6zh@r.postjobfree.com

https://www.linkedin.com/in/richard-ewing-7121a2174/

Technical Sales & Support/ Documentation Specialist/Sales Account Supervisor

Sales Experience:Over 8 years of account capture sales and sales retention. Producer of Sales quotas and re-establishing business accounts and client relationships. Highest sales percentage in a two week period with Astound Broadband. Sales Person Of The Period with Astound Broadband 3 times. Over 10 years of customer service and 3 years of customer service supervising roles. Produced sales support and services with new pest control products for client base with Western Exterminator. Increased client retention by 6% with Walmart. Managed B2B operations and acquired 9 new accounts with Surplus Service. Winner of sales contests with different companies in our sales department. Re-established grade A customer service with BBB for PLX Devices. 5 Star rating on Yelp.com with PLX Devices San Jose, CA.

Technical SKILLS: Documentation producer. 3 years of Technical Writer and producer of manuals for integrated circuit design for Cadence Design Systems from 2000 to 2003. 2 years of SOP’s production for customer service. Wrote to produce Analog -A Debugging Tool. Familiar with Adobe FrameMaker, Adobe Acrobat, Microsoft Office Suite, Word Press, Sales Force. Familiar with HTML. Learning CSS. Completed technical writing courses at De Anza College. Completed 7 novels toward assisting trouble youth. Published author. In 2006 published “White Gazelle” featured on Amazon.com.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:

Clark Pest Control – Milpitas, CA 08/20 -Still Employed
Pest Control Technician
Pick up supplies to support route duties with clients regarding pest control.
Meet with various clients, perform duties to solve issues clients are experiencing with different general pests.
Meet with supervisor regarding difficult procedures based on customer needs and requirements to complete duties for client.
Chemical application at various homes to solve pest control issues and problem solving.
Meet with management each week to review safety measures regarding day to day duties.
Complete continuing on-going education to be updated on new laws and guideline regarding performance requirements for the pest control industry.
Complete monthly route of 168-210 accounts to meet the needs of the branch.

Dewey Pest Control – San Francisco, CA 02/20 – 08/20
Pest Control Technician
Receive and build leads for pest control to create accounts for the local branch.
Meet with potential clients, trouble shoot issues clients are experiencing regarding pest control.
Up sale and perform various duties to solve and defend against pests entering customers homes and businesses.
Prepare documentation for accounts regarding state and local guidelines, regulatory requirements under the law of the state of California.
Compile information and create reports for branch manager to transmit to the Structural Pest Control Board.
Continue on-going education based on regular changes by the state regarding pest control and use of chemicals for the pest control industry.
Navigate throughout the city of San Francisco to increase account sales.

Western Exterminator – Hayward, CA 12/18 – 12/19
Pest Technician
Take in required information regarding California State Regulations of the Structural Pest Control Board. Provide input of real-time field experience during monthly meetings.
Completed two certifications for pest control to receive license from Structural Pest Control Board. Sold $17000.00 in product sales.
Integral part of the 97% sales and service for the Hayward Branch 2018-19 service year. No.1 in CA.
Mix and utilize different chemical formulations required by the EPA to provide solutions for pest control
Create client appointments and meet clients through use of PestPac mobile app.
Provide information to clients to inform them of the best solution for pest issues and sales of accounts, create new sales through interaction of new clients.
Designed route completion itinerary Of 95 to 100 clients, for 3rd highest route completion ratio at 93% per month.

Walmart – Fremont, CA 06/18- 12/18
Service Manager (TLE Dept.)
Handle operations of the Tire & Lube Express department part of 8 million dollar store wide operations. Reduced inventory costs by 13% in 4 months.
Direct technicians on the tech bay regarding Oil & tire installations. Provide daily standard for technicians and tech leads requirement to meet customer satisfaction.
Complete service and daily sales of $38,000 to $46,000 in revenue.
Problem solve to manage Tire & Lube department of $431,000 inventory 7 days a week.
Schedule employees to operate sales ratio to reduce costs and increase sales promotions on demand weekly.
Interview and hire new talent to meet increases in work opportunity.
Document and measure oil levels in containment rooms with 11 stations

Concentrix/Volkswagen – Redwood City, CA 10/16 – 09/17
TDI Settlement Specialist
Prepare settlement documents for processing.
Align document packets with scheduled appointment.
Secure documentation until processing is complete.
Meet and greet clients and process client’s claims using Samsung tablet and Volkswagen processing software.
Conflict resolution with client if needed.
Transfer all documentation from daily processing to Volkswagen TDI Remediation department in Auburn Hills Michigan.
Completed over 1700 submissions for claims settlements.

PLX Devices – San Jose, CA 06/15 – 05/16
Customer Experience Specialist
Handled incoming calls from buying public in our niche market.
Trouble shoot with clients to solve issues with use and device performance.
Assist customers with RMA processing to have their devices sent to our warehouse for Returns/Repair.
Performed sales transactions of different technical devices over the phone $41,000 first year.
Utilize Microsoft Office, Volusion, PLX Support System, Go Daddy e-mail system, and Google Docs.
Negotiated with clients and partners regarding international shipping issues reduced shipping costs by 17%.
Work with team to set up new protocols for information processing on our website.
Managed 100% reduction of trouble ticket system in one day, company record for most completed trouble tickets in an 8 hour shift.
5 star rating on Yelp for customer satisfaction. Improved BBB rating from F to A+.
Acquired sales agreement with Touch Of Modern for $12,000.00
Sold 712 Kiwi 2 OBDII scanners in one week partnered with Touch Of Modern.

Surplus Service – Fremont, CA 10/14 – 01/15
Business Development
Build and maintain accounts, by researching companies in the Tech sector, and also the Medical field.
Set up business meetings to engage in discussions to provide upcyclit and recycle e-waste solutions for the Silicon Valley, East Bay and the Bay Area Peninsula.
Manage accounts by monitoring pick up scheduling and staying connected with client base for insight of operations during time period of agreed provisions of service.
Assist with client base and provided customer service by assisting them with application process for contracts and delivery of e-waste.
Sold 9 new accounts producing $181,000 in online sales over a 3 month period.

Astound Broadband – San Francisco, CA 08/11 – 08/13
Direct Sales Representative
Produced residential sales for revenue generating units of 80 to 100. Accrued new accounts acquisitions in cable, phone, and internet sales of $89,000 per month.
Met and greeted potential new clients assisted with building specific accounts to adhere to the client’s personal needs of the home.
Entered account information using Samsung Galaxy tablet.
Coordinated with dispatch and technical department for installation of services based on accounts and verify accurate information for account processes. Produced 434 accounts.
Won Sales Person Of The Period (SOP) 3 different pay periods. Achieved highest sales percentage in a pay period in the company. Finished No.2 in sales in the region.

Cadence Design Systems – San Jose, CA 08/00 – 11/03
Assoc. Technical Writer
Produced manuals and user guides for integrated software chip design.
Edit and compiled information for style guides for software releases
Collaborate with colleagues, staff writers and senior writers to prepare direction of software release completion.
Schedule meeting with engineers to receive and compile information regarding software development and its proper use.
Work cross functionally with other teams across the globe to transfer and receive information for technical updates.
Utilize digital imaging software to alter images for clarity during technical updates.
Complete all edits and upload to database system for administrative review.

EDUCATION:
De Anza College
Completed Courses Technical Writing, English, Environment Studies, Public Speaking and completed 32 credits.

Edison High School
HS Diploma General Education

C.C.O.C Trade School
Completed Computer Operations received certificate of completion
Contact this candidate