Contact
510-***-**** (Mobile)
adralb@r.postjobfree.com
www.linkedin.com/in/josephaseo
(LinkedIn)
jaseolookingin.wordpress.com/
(Blog)
Top Skills
Agile Methodologies
Software Documentation
Technical Writing
Publications
Advertising Insights from Yahoo! for
Advertiser/Agency Users
AppHub Service
Predix Design System
Views Service
Liferay Community Edition
Joseph Aseo
Freelance Technical Write
San Francisco Bay Area
Summary
I write new content from background research, technical specifications, and subject matter expert interviews. I manage content with MediaWiki, DRUPAL, Confluence, Liferay, Inquira, and Astoria. .
I devise content strategies using white papers, knowledge base articles, online help, and blogs. I received training in information design and mapping, as well as task-oriented writing techniques. I implement search engine optimization and web analytics to enhance audience engagement.
I work with product managers and engineering teams to plan and implement projects using best agile development practices. I collaborate with project teams across multiple locations to meet project milestones and deadlines.
I have experience as a technical editor for magazines writing feature articles on industry trends, as well as a marketing communications writer crafting press releases and white papers.
Experience
Freelance
Freelance Technical Writer
May 2018 - Present (4 years 1 month)
Lodi, California, United States
Plan and develop product documentation using white papers, knowledge base articles, blogs, wikis, and online help to convey complex information to a variety of user audiences.
Work with product managers and engineering teams to plan and implement projects using best agile development practices.
Page 1 of 7
Collaborate with project teams across multiple locations to meet project milestones and deadlines.
Trained in user and task analysis for user interface interface design for web usability.
Experience authoring in a wide variety of publishing environments including: DITA authoring using Metal, Arbortext,and oXygen, content management systems using Liferay, Confluence, Mediawiki, DRUPAL, Inquira, and Astoria. GE Digital
Staff Technical Writer
October 2015 - April 2018 (2 years 7 months)
San Francisco Bay Area
Experience with RESTful API programming concepts to closely collaborate with developers to create tutorials with detailed code samples. Wrote new content from background research, specifications, and interviews for full stack developers building and deploying applications to the cloud. Collaborated with UX designers during user and task analysis for user interface design, and human factors design for web usability. Yahoo
Technical Writer
January 2012 - January 2015 (3 years 1 month)
San Francisco Bay Area
Researched and planned documentation updates for a cloud-based ad serving platform that provides customers real-time decision making to deliver targeted messaging content.
Collaborated with UX designers during user and task analysis for user interface design, and human factors design for web usability. Planned and implemented the content strategy with the localization and Web hosting teams to publish documentation updates in US English and nine translated versions on a monthly basis for three years. Ivanti
Senior Technical Writer
May 2011 - November 2011 (7 months)
Page 2 of 7
San Francisco Bay Area
Created the content strategy for the administration and developer tasks required to plan, deliver, operate and control IT services offered to customers on either an on-premise or cloud-based version of a Microsoft SQL Server relational database.
Installed and configured software builds on a VMware vSphere hypervisor for task analysis and document testing.
BMC Software
Senior Information Developer
October 2010 - May 2011 (8 months)
San Francisco Bay Area
Collaborated with development and support teams to create the content strategy to migrate from previous releases for a major software upgrade of an Oracle-based application used to plan, deliver, operate and control IT services offered to customers.
Updated developer and administrator documentation to reduce technical support escalations by validating user task and reference information with current software builds.
Planned and implemented the content strategy to transition fom manuals to topic-oriented articles to support the migration of existing content to the Confluence wiki.
Azul
Principal Technical Writer
June 2009 - October 2010 (1 year 5 months)
San Francisco Bay Area
Experience with Java programming concepts for close collaboration with developers to research and create tutorials with detailed code samples. Collaborated with development and QA teams to creates the content strategy for administrators and developers that supported deploying Java applications in private clouds using the VMware vSphere and Linux KVM hypervisors. Collaborated with developers and system engineers for three months to create a troubleshooting document for running Java applications in private clouds using the VMware vSphere hypervisor.
Page 3 of 7
Researhed and documented the Ethernet TCP/IP configuration to implement and deploy Java applications for the Linux KVM hypervisor. Planned a transition fom manuals to topic-oriented articles to support agile releases on a monthly release basis over a one year basis. Created a single-source content strategy for PDF output and HTML-based online help based on open-source authoring tools.
Integrated authoring tools with wiki software for timely updates and reviews. Integrated document revision control with Perforce source code management system used by developers.
Sun Microsystems
Senior Technical Writer
February 2003 - March 2009 (6 years 2 months)
San Francisco Bay Area
Reviewed and updated product documentation prior to every product release (every six months for four years) to reduce technical support calls for implementing and deploying services on Sun Java System Portal Server. Collaborated with UX designers during user and task analysis for user interface design, and human factors design for web usability. Created content strategy to deliver blog articles and screen casts every three months for one year to evangelize the implementation of the OpenSocial networking features by administrators and third-party developers. Created content strategy for the Open Social project so that administrators and third-party developers could embed social networking features into their web sites by project launch.
Contributed articles to the Liferay 5.0 community wiki in six months to support the open source partnership between Sun Microsystems and Lifefray. Created content strategy with developers to create white papers every three months for two years that described issues and solutions for JSR 168 portlet deployment.
Page 4 of 7
Planned and implemented the Ethernet TCP/IP configuration of a test environment that writers used for five years to perform task analysis and document verification prior to the semiannual product launches of the Sun Java System Portal Server.
WebGain
Senior Technical Writer
2001 - 2002 (1 year)
Researched and documented planned J2EE enhancements to Symantec Visual Cafe integrated development environment. TopLink was added to provide development tools and run-time functionalities that ease the development process
Led a team of writers across multiple locations to deliver TopLink and Visual Cafe documentation in
multiple formats.
Novell
Senior Technical Writer
1996 - 2001 (5 years)
San Francisco Bay Area
Planned and delivered documentation for Web proxy service that included interviewing developers and testing pre-release versions. Planned and delivered documentation for remote user authentication and authorization services that included interviewing developers and testing pre- release versions..
Planned and implemented Ethernet TCP/IP configuration of test environment that writers could use to validate pre-release builds. Dell EMC
Senior Technical Writer
1994 - 1996 (2 years)
San Francisco Bay Area
Installed and configured Captiva InputAccel pre-release software to deliver product documentation for product launch of an information capture application.
Page 5 of 7
Interviewed developers and read C++ source code to create SDK documentation to support scanners in imaging applications. Apple
Senior Technical Writer
1992 - 1994 (2 years)
Created a tutorial describing the IBM PowerPC instruction set so developers could rewrite applications for better performance for launch of the Power Macintosh.
Updated the Macintosh Programmer Workshop assembler manual, making developers more efficient in porting platform APIs and application SDKs from Motorola 68000 to PowerPC.
Wind River
Senior Technical Writer
1990 - 1992 (2 years)
San Francisco Bay Area
Created a content strategy strategy that allowed developers to use standard compilers and assemblers to create embedded applications for the VRTX operating system.
Created a content strategy that leveraged developer’s knowledge of UNIX API libraries to write embedded applications for the VRTX operating system. Siemens Digital Industries Software
Senior Technical Writer
1988 - 1990 (2 years)
San Francisco Bay Area
Created a tutorial with extensive C and assembly language examples enabling developers to debug embedded applications more efficiently. Created a content strategy to document source-level debuggers for different microprocessor families.
Electronic Design
West Coast Technical Editor
1985 - 1988 (3 years)
Page 6 of 7
Researched and wrote articles that focused on insightful analysis of industry trends in computer hardware, software, and networking for professional engineers.
Education
San Jose State University
BA, Journalism, Minor in Computer Science
Page 7 of 7
Contact this candidate