Walter R. Bruce, III 919-***-**** Tracy, CA
https://www.linkedin.com/in/walterbruce3pmp/ adrjqc@r.postjobfree.com

Instructional Designer
Global Training Programs Instructional Design Certification

Proven success in instructional design, project management, assessment development, and determining targeted learning objectives across diverse groups of learners.
Versatile and dedicated training professional with broad technical expertise and a demonstrated ability to develop curricula, train and educate technical and business learners on industry trends, and advanced business initiatives.

Core competencies include:

Instructional design Cloud computing Project management (PMP)
Program management Mac OS X Instructor-led training
Enterprise software Technical writing Salesforce
Curriculum design SQL Evolve Authoring
Adobe Captivate Camtasia Microsoft Office

Career History
Synergis, San Francisco, CA Feb 2020 to present
Instructional Designer
Contractor: Instructional design assignments with clients through Synergis, a top IT and creative staffing firm. Worked with subject matter experts and system developers to design and develop instructor-led and self-paced interactive e-learning training for employees at the respective client companies Google and Apple. Training content development tools included Adobe Captivate, Microsoft PowerPoint, Apple Keynote, and Evolve Authoring. HTML 5 authoring tools included Tumult Hype. Training topics at Google included instructor-led courses and e-learning classes teaching financial analysts how to create advanced SQL queries. Training topics at Apple included e-learning to train Apple employees effective meeting management, and how to use software tools developed by Apple for use by Apple Finance. Worked for both clients remotely from my home office meeting with subject-matter experts and colleagues online as needed.

The MOSAIC Company, San Ramon, CA Jul 2019 to Jan 2020
Instructional Designer
Contractor: Worked with subject matter experts, and instructors to design and develop instructor-led training and assessments for apprentice electricians on topics such as safely using power tools, and safely performing rigging operations.

GE DIGITAL, San Ramon, CA Jul 2018 to Jul 2019
Instructional Designer
Contractor: Worked with GE Digital software product team, subject matter experts, and instructors to design and develop instructor-led training and self-paced online training for GE Digital customers on GE Digital products such as the Predix Platform, and Predix Essentials, leading cloud-based industrial internet of things (IIoT) development platforms.

SALESFORCE, San Francisco, CA Sep 2016 to Jul 2018
Program Manager
Contractor: Provided project management services to Salesforce for projects that develop, launch and deliver highly consumed learning products such as Salesforce Proficiency Pack for Administrators, a product that offers a 30-day blended learning path to Salesforce Certified Administrator certification.
Achieved Certified Salesforce Administrator credential

VMWare, Palo Alto, CA
Aug 2015 to Sep 2016
Instructional Designer/Curriculum Developer/Program Manager/Performance Consultant/
Consulted on instructional design, certification strategy, development, and implementation
Curated 100+ hours of technical enablement content for professional services consultants on an Atlassian Confluence-hosted wiki site

NetApp, Sunnyvale, CA Jun 2007 to Aug 2015
Instructional Designer/Technical Content Developer/Training Consultant/Program Manager
Partnered with business units to determine certification and training requirements and define and deploy training curricula, and knowledge assessments to meet business objectives.
Directed program-level planning, development, and deployment of comprehensive training
programs delivered to thousands of employees and channel partners
Developed blended instructor-led, and web-based training courses on numerous topics including interactive videos, instructor’s guide, software apps, and workbooks.
Designed and produced online training with Captivate, and Camtasia

ePubServices Sep 2001 to Jun 2007
Principal – Author/Editor/Technical Content Developer/Instructional Designer
Served across a broad range of business-critical roles including instructional designer, consultant, author, and technical writer for clients such as HP, Wiley Publishing, and NetApp.

Additional Previous Experience

Instructional Design and Educational Publishing
Developed curricula and training materials for PC-based software. Instructed thousands of adults on software applications. Developed talent in computer book authors, offering subject inspiration, developmental editing, and guidance as needed. Authored and published educational texts.

Earlier engagements include honorable service in the United States Air Force.

Education & Certifications

Juris Doctor – University of North Carolina

Bachelor of Science in Mathematics – Wake Forest University

Project Management Professional – PMI

Certified Salesforce Administrator – Salesforce

Addendum: Select Publications
Wireless Home Networking for Dummies, Wireless LANs End to End
Contact this candidate