Mary Hakim

*** ***** ** *** *** 443-***-****
Longmont CO 80501 adrmvv@r.postjobfree.com

professional Profile Summary- technical writer:
Over 25 years of experience in writing and documentation in IT process.
Experienced in writings for all levels. Operations, procedures, preparing documents, publishing, documenting,
Experienced in software development, full life-cycle for instruments (SDLC). UML experiences for operations. Practical, realistic and resourceful.
Experienced in Power point, and a variety of documentation areas Service Now.
Produced program plans. Designed and followed requirement. Followed ISO procedures required, with CMMI L3 methodologies for organization. Gathered information, charted flow diagrams, setup excel spreadsheets, and graphs. Developed SOPs as required, and PMO.

TECHNICAL SKILLS:
Programming Aids and Methodologies: CMMI Level 3, FDA 508, TCP/IP, JCL, Object Oriented Programming, Rational Unified Process (RUP) for all software activities, Adobe, Robohelp, Service Now.
Languages: C, C++, C#, FORTRAN, Pascal, BASIC.
Hardware: PCs, IBM mainframe, VAX, ALPHA.
Operating Systems: UNIX, MS-DOS, VAX/VMS, Windows 2000/NT, Windows 3&7, Microsoft Office, and XP, RoboHelp.
Software: Word, Excel, Visio, SQL and Oracle relational databases, PowerPoint, Java, html & web technology.
Professional Courses: Graduate-Level Technical Management Course.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:

Technical writer 5 Dec 2016- 9 Feb2017
Conduent (was Xerox)
Writing and updating procedures and documents as required per changes
Following procedures for activities in steps of occurrence

Technical writer 8 Aug 2016- 16 Sep 2016
Amdex
Documenting details of the process followed
Adding status details of issues covered according to changes made

Technical Writer 22 Feb 2016- 15 May 2016
CPN Network
Activities for WSSC (Washington Suburban Sanitary Commission)
Recording the processes used and updating data upon changes

Technical Writer 19 Jan 2016 – 19 Feb 2016
Arc SourceGroup at Mark Center
Assimilating documents
Writing new and modifying old documents

Technical Writer and Coordinator 19 Oct 2015 – 16 Nov 2015
Signature Consultant
Assimilating Documents for Geico to update processes. Visio and Sharepoint were used for records.
Logistics coordination is performed, for organization.

Technical Writer
Quadtec Solutions 1 Sept 2015 – 25 Sep 2015
Documented record of Technical Documents,
Updating issues as required.
Technical writer
Apex System Support LabSupport
Pharmaceutics Incorporated Inc (PII) 28 April 2015 – 15 July 2015
Gathering, assembling, and keeping inventory of information of documents for validation and qualification records of facilities, equipment and processes for the pharmaceutical needs and requirements.
Some of the documents were SOPs, and others were documents for records.

Technical Documentation Writer March 2015 – April 2015
Pragmatics
Recording information for users and records for the US Patent Trading Office.
Documentation for Workers Compensation Commission 9 Feb 2015 – 20 Feb 2015
Randstad Technologies
Organizing documentations for the commission

Technical Writer Oct 2013-Jan 2015
Sr. Technical Work
Modifying, and updating existing documents. Wrote excerpts to prepare strategies for proposals, and for status issues, for operations and administrative needs, assuring compliance.

Science Systems and Applications, SSAI Jan 2012-Sep 2013
Sr. Technical Writer/Configuration Management
Configuration Mgmt, and technical writing
Sharepoint used
Making changes for presentations, and related management documenting information for NOAA
Satellite Operations Facility, NSOF. Writing and editing

Service Source Network July 2011 –Aug 2011
Document Manager/Technical Writer
Maintained a Master Technical Documentation Library
ISO standards and Edited and proofread documents

Adjunct Professor at University of Baltimore Jan 2011-May 2011
Instructed College Algebra

Honeywell/Engineering Technical Group Nov 2009 – Mar 2010
Documentation Developer for NASA
Authored the documents for the User and the Software Documentation for Satellite Laser Ranging for NASA, using SDLC procedures for the documentation.
Detailed the analysis of the documentation for both the software and the hardware, with review of a variety of existing documents, resulting in creating new ones when needed.
Created Documents: User Guides, Data Sheets, Functional details, Applications, Overviews, and detailed Descriptions per requirements. Project schedules were incorporated where applicable. A set of specific procedures were required for the process.

AAI/Miller Jones, Inc. Mar 2009 – May 2009
Document Specialist
Implemented changes, corrections, or updates to the Operations manual for the new instruments on Tactical Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (Shadow), with Electro Optical/Infrared payloads
Worked with Windows XP, and Arbortext Version 5.1, and Adobe
Authored an introduction document to describe the purpose and process of the activity incorporated, reviewed old written documents.

Activities July 2008-Feb 2009
Sr. Technical Writer in Clinical Training
Trained online to get accreditation for a Clinical Research Associate for Biopharmaceutical Research, with Kriger Research Group International.
Checked configuration of written documents, keeping attuned, maintaining transferable skills career change.

DCCA May 2008 – July 2008
Sr. Technical Writer
Authored the User Documentation for changes to Medicare on-line access forms. Responsible for documenting the steps for the implemented changes.
Developed documents for updates to CMMI L3.
Authored the Project Plan, and Configuration Management Plan for new procedures to be implemented for CMS (Medicare System), maintaining the desired procedures, making sure of correctness, understanding, and following ISO standards.

TELVENT (now Schneider Electric) Aug 2006- Apr 2007
Systems Analyst & Technical Writer
Authored and designed the requirements for the technical architecture of a 75 page User Informative and User Instructional Documentation for System Operations activities for web and on-line assessment of the pipeline activities and services, thereby the model was processed, the functions defined, and the technical reports shown.
Code was in C#, OO, used visual studio 5, worked with XML.
Ran the entire process to gather data for the documentation, as well as interact with the researchers, the engineers.

SAIC Sept 2005 – Apr 2006
Systems Software Engineer & Technical Writing for DMV in NY
Evaluated, and documented the evaluation of Microsoft Software for adherence to Common Criteria security for the Data Motor Vehicle Administration.
Wrote the documents describing the details and structure of the software for the new application for New York DMV Administration. The code was in Oracle PL/SQL, C++, JAVA, HTML, and Visual Basic.

ARTISYS Jan 2003-Mar 2003
Technical Writer for FDA
Created technical material for the MARCS project at the Food and Drug Administration.

HONEYWELL Dec 1996 – Jan 2003
Software Engineer for NASA
Worked at Goddard, NASA, as leader on a full life cycle project for new scientific instrument Advanced Camera for Surveys, ACS, for simulation in Servicing Missions for Hubble Space Telescope satellite (HST). All code followed ISO 9000 and CMM-L3 rules, maintained code samples, and worked on a pre-designed framework, and met timeframes as needed.
Designed code according to requirements with alterations due to upgrades in instruments, wrote documentation, internal and external, presented materials to customer in Critical Design Review, developed, wrote, and tested C code, and upgraded legacy FORTRAN for use on a VAX for HST project.
Maintained code and enhancements for HST simulations for simulated instruments ACS, Electrical Power System, STIS, NICMOS, and Power Control Units.
Designed, developed, tested and maintained technical documentations for a variety of users for Satellite Laser Ranging system with C/C++ on UNIX, MySQL, database repository for information, incorporating required algorithm development, upgraded legacy FORTRAN, and an improved GUI and operation.

SES May 1992 – Oct 1996
Software Engineer for NOAA
Contributed to full life cycle, designed code, presentations, development, programming, documentation and technical writing describing software for data for a polar-orbiting spacecraft, work was for NOAA/NESDIS.
Worked on Defense Meteorological Satellite Program (DMSP) instruments (SSMT2, SSMT1, and SSMI), including using COCOMO cost models, coding for earth location calculations, and upgrades.
Monitored computer models for atmospheric graphics and statistics in soundings for NMC & NOAA spacecraft.
Maintained all necessary technical writing documentations for described activities.

HUGHES STX (Presently Raytheon) Sept 1986 – Feb 1992
Scientist for NASA
Prepared the curved ionic and organic single crystals for the Bragg Crystal Spectrometer, designed requirements, test processes, and aligned instruments, wrote Pascal programs to run instruments according to the design to collect data.
Wrote User Documentation and scientific published papers. Presented results at conferences
Conducted radiometric measurements and instrument calibration for remote sensing by ground-based and airborne instruments, performing analysis from ultraviolet to near infrared.
Reported on characterizations of instrument tolerances, ray throughput, and stray light analysis, and performed calibrations involving integrating spheres, single monochromator, PMT, and detectors: Si, Ge, and PbS.

SOLAREX Feb 1985 – May 1986
Scientist
Conducted research of growth of polycrystalline Silicon, characterized silicon wafers, used for solar cells.
Reported on characterizations using a Scanning Electron Microscope (SEM), Infrared Absorption (FTIR), Nd:YAG pumped dye laser, cw YAG laser, microwave reflection properties, and x-ray diffraction.

SCIENCE APPLICATIONS RESEARCH, (Subsidiary to STX) May, 1984 – Feb 1985
Scientist
Conducted absolute calibration of Si photodiodes using a double spectrometer and a standard tungsten source.

EDUCATION:
BS Physics and Chemistry Oklahoma State University
MS Physics Arizona State University
Biomedical
Trained online for Clinical Research Associate for Biopharmaceutical Research
Got accreditation with Kriger Research Group International
Contact this candidate