Raymond Smith
Charlotte, NC
SKILLS:
Abstract, creative, and analytically-minded
Strong acumen in verbal and written communication
Experienced with HVAC operations and diagnostics
Background in property, auto insurance, and unemployment claims
Adept at comprehending and explaining technological methodology EDUCATION:
MacMurray College, Jacksonville, IL Sept 2010 – Dec 2013 Bachelor of Arts in English Literature
Beginning with early Anglo-Saxon works, became immersed in studies of the Classics, including Shakespeare, John Milton, John Keats, Arthur Conan Doyle, Mary Shelley, and more.
4-year starter as a Defensive Back for the school football team, and 2-year Team Captain. Parkland College, Champaign, IL Sept 2009 – May 2010 Associates Degree in Journalism
Before Transferring to a 4-yr institution, attended courses in college writing, philosophy, sociology and poetry.
EXPERIENCE:
Corestaff, Remote May 2021-Dec 2021
- UI Adjudicator (Work from Home Contractor)
Under contract through a 3rd party agency, adjudicated claims to support Arizona’s UI and PUA programs which were back-logged due to Covid-19 pandemic.
Benefited from several weeks of training, and constantly leaned upon state resources to stay current with state policies and amendments.
Learned to efficiently work various “issues” on unemployment claims to determine claimant eligibility. Reached out to claimants to obtain fact finding details, reviewed documents and case specifics.
Zap/HVAC Consulting, Charlotte, NC June 2018- Mar 2020 HVAC Technical Writer II
Worked for a small company assisting insurance adjusters in completing residential and commercial electronics claims by producing reports based on information procured from our field technicians’ damage assessments.
With no prior HVAC experience, utilized conversations with field HVAC technicians, as well as HVAC distributors, to master HVAC terminology, functions, and pricing, allowing me to analyze technician-rendered diagnostic findings to speak to cause-of-loss and make proper repair or replacement recommendations, with accurate parts and labor estimates.
Authored articulate and in-depth reports to insurance companies which detailed observations from on-site inspection, offered opinions on loss-type, and informed of geographic-specific rates to either repair or replace the claimed HVAC system.
Resolved insurance adjuster concerns over the phone and through email, regarding disputes of report determinations and pushback from homeowners and their contractors.
Along with compiling pricing references and documents for the purpose of instructing office staff in all things HVAC, also tutored co-workers in both HVAC and report writing, and served as a knowledgeable resource for in-house HVAC inquiries.
Contributed significantly to enacting a light-hearted yet focused and diligent culture for the company.
Second stint with the company, who welcomed me back to lead their HVAC department following time as a temp.
Safelite Solutions, Columbus, Oh Oct 2017 - June 2018 USAA Claims Adjuster
As a 3rd party adjuster serving USAA's valued military members, relied upon an appropriate level of empathy and control while consoling weary drivers following accidents and gathering vital facts- of-loss details.
Secured claim-related assignments for members, as well as claimant parties, including tow service, vehicle appraisal, substitute car rental, and vehicle repair.
Deftly absorbed terminology and processes associated with fulfilling auto and home insurance claims.
Communicated to adverse insurance carriers, attorneys, medical providers, and claimant drivers, information crucial to providing indemnity towards insurable interests, doctors’ bills, and loss of income.
Obtained insurance licensure corresponding with the Texas, New York, and Hawaii state exams. Zap Consulting, Charlotte, NC May 2017 - Oct 2017
Standard Electronics Technical Writer (6-month term)
Authored reports for a company which offers consulting to insurance adjusters, expressed in a professional voice itemized technical observations of claimed electronic devices.
Via training, extensive research, and dialogue with industry professionals, expanded my knowledge in regard to the components and functions which power various household items.
Contacted contractors, repair companies, manufacturers, and distributors to validate quotes and invoices, and determine accurate RCV and ACV pricing for replacements/repairs. Navex Global, Charlotte, NC Jan 2016 - Apr 2017
Communications Specialist
In a busy call center environment, conducted deep and engaging interviews with employees of client companies, in addition to the general reporting public, who contacted to inform of all manner of workplace concerns and ethics violations.
Gauged each unique case in order to ask piercing questions and get to the crux of potential wrong doings.
Under rigid time restraints, utilized notes recorded on-the-fly to formulate efficient and actionable reports, making sure to capture the reporter’s intended tone and tenor. Octagon, Charlotte, NC Apr 2015 - Oct 2015
Account Trainee (6-month term)
Traveled around the country to various Bassmaster fishing tournaments, as seen on ESPN, and performed duties essential to event planning, setup, and activation for our Allstate client.
Utilized Microsoft Excel to analyze and manage data surrounding digital leads procured during tournaments for Allstate’s marketing purposes.
Managed a team of brand ambassadors during event activation. Sporttechie, Online Magazine Jan 2015 - Aug 2015
Volunteer Sports Writer
Illustrated informative and compelling articles, largely based on latest technological happenings and gadgets in the world of mainstream sports.
Researched diverse topics to arrive at rich and compelling content for articles, delivered information in creative and catchy fashion.
Writing samples are available on the web.
AWARDS
TEFL Online Certification
TEFL Certification
Global EPA License
Completion of Fred Pryor HVAC Maintenance course
Held insurance licensure in states of Texas, New York, and Hawaii
Contact this candidate