070********
ads3z0@r.postjobfree.com
KUBHEKA, SIPHO TAKIM
PROFESSIONAL
SUMMARY
Knowledgeable wordsmith with a unique ability to combine technical know-how and effective written communication techniques. Reliable and dedicated professional writer with more than seven years of experience in the field. Distinguished and proven track record of expertise with technical manuals, complicated content, white papers, scientific presentations and complex documents. Excellent ability with editing and adjusting content based on client feedback. Strong history of meeting deadlines and exceeding expectations.
SKILLS Proficiency in MS Word, MS Excel, MS Access, Power Point, Corel Draw and Publisher
Strong ability to break down complicated jargon
and technical terms and make it easy for the
average person to understand.
Excellent editing and composition skills that help me provide high-quality content to clients.
Superb reading comprehension skills, which gives me an ability to develop an understanding of new technical concepts.
Capable of meeting deadlines and managing more than one project at a time.
Active listener and skilled at digesting written or oral instructions from co-workers or clients when putting new projects together.
EXPERIENCE
Work Experience
Technical Writer
May 2014 – present
Authored a series of training manuals for engineering firms, manufacturing clients and other industrial companies to give employees access to clear and concise information.
Restructured complicated software and technology documentation for clients in the internet technology field to give shareholders highly readable information.
Researched subject experts when designing new written materials for highly sophisticated repair manuals. Technical Writer
February 2011 – May 2014
Participated in observational studies of specific processes within the scope of a writing project to develop a higher level of understanding about a topic.
Paired written content with relevant photographs or drawings to help increase readability and understanding.
Succeeded in earning top client satisfaction scores of more than 98 percent of written output in projects for technical manuals. Technical Writer
August 2009 – February 2011
Composed articles to be published in a college level science textbook by covering a set of topics outlined by the publishing company.
Conveyed clear and easily understandable directions about putting furniture together in a series of instruction manuals for a retail client.
Completed timely and effective revisions of material to clarify details or add last minute changes when asked by clients. EDUCATION
2019-to date- Federal University Dutse
M.Sc Criminology and Security Studies
2014 -2019– National Open University of Nigeria
B.Sc Criminology and Security Studies (Second Class Upper Division) 2008- Federal Government Commercial, Markarfi, Kaduna State West African Senior School Certificate(WAEC)
2001- Amina L.G.A Primary School, Zaria, Kaduna State INTERESTS Reading, Travelling, Investigative Research, Writing
Contact this candidate