Roger S. Tait Jr.

**** *.*. ***** ******, Aloha, Oregon 97078
home 503-***-**** cell 503-***-****
adsuf3@r.postjobfree.com

Technical Writer
Seasoned technical writer with experience in:
Documenting computer hardware/software/network development, electric utility standards, communications, and aerospace and truck manufacturing
Creating and maintaining collaborative information databases for groups at Intel
Planning, scheduling, creation, editing, testing, procurement, and production of user guides, online help, programmer reference guides, administration and installation guides, quick references, assembly work instructions, and other technical documents
Producing documents in online, web and print formats
Microsoft Office (Word, SharePoint, Excel, Project, PowerPoint, Visio, Publisher), FrameMaker, Photoshop, Illustrator, InDesign, DITA XML, HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, MadCap Flare
Professional Experience
Applied Materials Inc. Hillsboro, Oregon October 2020 to present
Technical Writer (Contractor)
Wrote standardized instructions for connecting process and service gases, water, vacuum, exhaust, and 24V-480V electrical current to 300mm wafer semiconductor manufacturing tools.

Precision Aircraft Solutions Beaverton, Oregon February 2020 to April 2020
Technical Writer (Contractor)
Wrote (electrical chapter) and edited FAA- and ATA-compliant maintenance manual for passenger jet to freighter conversion for international customers.

PTI Global Hillsboro, Oregon August 2016 to February 2020
Technical Writer (Contractor)
Wrote and edited documents for Intel 5G radio access networking, data communications, compression and cryptography, System on Chip, and rack storage management products. Included installation and configuration of Amazon Web Services support for telecommunications software.
Proofread and edited documents for accuracy, clarity, corporate standards and usability.
Wrote and edited blog entries about employees and technology.

Integrated Surveillance and Defense Wilsonville, Oregon December 2015 to June 2016
Technical Writer (Contractor)
Created and edited FAA-compliant instructions for installing and configuring sensors, radios, radars, cameras and GPS in small aircraft for international customer base.

Microsoft Wilsonville, Oregon August 2015 to October 2015
Technical Writer (Contractor)
Created and updated manufacturing engineering and quality documentation for large touchscreen displays.

Pacificorp Portland, Oregon October 2013 to May 2015
Engineering Publications Specialist (Contractor)
Worked with a team of five to design PDF and Web documents to organize and reformat more than 2,600 engineering standards and specifications for major electric utility.
Proofread and edited these documents for accuracy, clarity, and usability.
Used MadCap Flare and Notepad++ to convert documents from Interleaf/Word to HTML 5/CSS 3.
Managed more than 100 technical updates using a SharePoint-based document management system.

CTS LanguageLink Vancouver, Washington March 2014-April 2014
Desktop Publishing Specialist (Contractor)
Converted documents from Microsoft Word originals to FrameMaker templates, creating documents with a consistent structure for use by translators, QC inspectors, and project managers.

Insitu Inc. Hood River, Oregon April 2011-November 2012
Technical Writer Consultant
Researched, wrote, and illustrated work instructions for assembly of unmanned aircraft engines.
Managed document reviews using a SharePoint-based document management system.
Created project status and engineering data tables and presentations.
Conducted technical document reviews using company document control system (SharePoint).

Daimler Trucks North America Portland, Oregon June 2006-December 2009
Release Editor
Analyzed, edited and verified engineering releases to maximize Bill of Material efficiency.
Edited standard operating procedure document for clarity and readability.

Freelance Technical Writer Aloha, Oregon August 2001-June 2006
Wrote user guide introducing the Food and Commodities Tracking System, helping Mercy Corps staff manage the distribution of donated goods in international relief programs, significantly cutting the time to prepare reports for governmental and donor agencies.
Wrote user guide for Big Town Hero (restaurant franchise) Management System.
Edited grant applications, web pages, product labels, presentations, and videos for OSU Food Innovation Center, helping farmers to develop food businesses and increase their profitability.

Epicor Software Corporation (Clientele) Tualatin, Oregon November 1999-April 2001
Senior Technical Writer
Planned, wrote and edited user and administrator help, developer's guide and marketing communications for Windows-based sales/marketing/support software.
Updated Clientele Basic developer’s guide, enabling customers to rebuild CRM applications.
Wrote online help in embedded help, WinHelp and HTMLHelp formats, using RoboHelp.
Worked in cross-functional product teams with development, marketing, QA, and other departments.
Interviewed application developers and used specifications to develop documents and online help.
Researched and updated database schema charts for Clientele products.

Metro One Telecommunications Beaverton, Oregon December 1998-November 1999
Senior Technical Writer
Documented applications used by Network Operations Center and call center personnel.
Updated installation, configuration, and troubleshooting procedures for call center operator services.
Interviewed programming team and reverse-engineered a data retrieval system written in C++. Documented its source code in a 7,000-page website.

ADC Kentrox Portland, Oregon February 1996- October1998
Senior Technical Communications Writer
Planned, wrote, and edited user and installation guides and marketing communications data sheets.
Worked in cross-functional product teams with development, QA, customer support, marketing, legal, and architecture groups.
Worked with translators and evaluators to produce French and Spanish translations of documents.
Eliminated printing costs and reduced software package size by creating HTML help system.
Edited and maintained detailed product data sheets, including feature and parts lists.

Intel Corporation Hillsboro, Oregon January 1995-February 1996
Technical Writer OnCall Assistance Center
Created, introduced and maintained on-line information database including scripts about employee health benefits, stock options/purchases, retirement plans, and staffing for use by call center agents.
Processed and communicated agent suggestions and factual updates daily.
Revised call center scripts and converted them from Microsoft Word to Folio VIEWS format.
Managed integration of information database with Windows Help-based HR informational tools, resulting in quicker access and requiring less duplication of information.
Integrated information database with a constantly-revised set of forms, benefit explanation sheets and other HR documents.

Intel Corporation Hillsboro, Oregon June 1993-December 1994
Technical Writer Communications Products Customer Support
Researched, wrote, and edited online troubleshooting, installation, and compatibility data for Intel telecommunications products. Users were customers and customer support technicians.
Ensured information was kept usable and up to date on internal technical support database, FaxBack service, Internet, CompuServe, and BBS, reducing support calls and increasing customer satisfaction.

AT&T Bell Laboratories Holmdel, New Jersey August 1985-June 1993
Senior Publications Specialist
Researched, wrote, and edited internal and external documents for computer/telecom products.
Led writing teams for MS-DOS manual set revisions and a staff planning resource optimizer based on the Karmarkar algorithm. Received commendation and performance award.
Wrote and produced user guides for AT&T’s internally-developed CAD/CAM system.
Planned, scheduled, and budgeted projects. Oversaw $669,000 system acquisition budget.
Documented teleconferencing setup and bandwidth allocation project for Department of Defense.
Wrote administrator’s guide for mainframe-based third-party long-distance billing system.
Designed, set up, and supported UNIX, PC, and Macintosh tools for document preparation.

DeskTop Software Corporation Princeton, New Jersey May 1984-July 1985
Technical Writer
Designed and wrote user manuals for Macintosh database software products.
Developed page design system that halved production time, cut printer errors by 90%.

Franklin Computer Corporation Pennsauken, New Jersey September 1982-May 1984
Technical Writer
Wrote and produced installation and configuration manuals for personal computers and peripherals.
Coordinated publications production, developed procedure that cut type costs 60%-70%.

Other Relevant Experience
Daily Local News West Chester, Pennsylvania September 1976-September 1982
Staff Reporter
Covered technology, environment, business, county courts, and government.
Wrote headlines that summarized complex stories in limited space.

Education and Training
University of Delaware, Newark, Delaware
B.A. with high honors in Biological Sciences with English/Journalism coursework, 1976

Additional Training:
FrameMaker 9, Portland State University
Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute Technical Writer's Institute
Designing & Writing Online Documentation (William Horton Consulting)
University of California Extension, Berkeley, Project Management
Visual Basic, ASP, and VBScript, Portland Community College
Contact this candidate