Mary Jo Slingerland
Metropolitan Detroit, MI 586-***-**** www.linkedin.com/in/slingerland9 adt761@r.postjobfree.com
Technical/Medical Writer/Editor
Communications Project Management Team Leadership
Creative-minded and detail-oriented Writer and Editor with a solid working knowledge in capturing compelling content into written internal and external correspondence. Wrote, edited magazine medical articles, edited 3-volume medical textbook. Tech-savvy professional able to integrate innovative solutions to streamline organization and operations. Strict focus on optimizing newsletters with supporting graphics and images that further convey content. Utilize digital channels to further circulate key details and updates. Possess expertise in Microsoft Office Suite, SmartBoard, PowerSchool, Harvard Graphics, Visio, Adobe Acrobat, PDF, FrontPage.
Project/Time Management Skills
Published medical articles
Edited, published mmedical textbook
Client Consultations & Webinars
Internal SME Communications
Leadership, Train, Coach, Mentor
Multidisciplinary Collaboration
Business Development & Acumen
Quality Assurance & Accuracy
Process Improvements
Productivity & Efficiency
Sales & Multi-Industry Expertise
RELATED EXPERIENCE
WAYNE COUNTY COMMUNITY COLLEGE DISTRICT, Detroit, MI
Professor July 2002 to Present
●Teach Composition and Amer. Lit. to dual-enrollment high school students in the college preparatory program.
FORD MOTOR COMPANY, Livonia, Dearborn, Allen Park, MI (4.5 years)
6/007 to 12/2009
Technical Writer 1/2000 to 12/2002
Significantly increased communication company-wide. Wrote business manuals, newsletters, and web content across the organization, exemplified diverse skills in IT, automatic transmissions, and security controls.
Generated detailed descriptions for multiple cross-functions including Key Master and administrative teams, and other leaders on a global scale, maintained a strict focus on proofreading and fact-checking to uphold quality.
Interviewed Subject Matter Experts to research material, write technical directions, and meet deadlines. Maximized client satisfaction by completing in-depth consultations and exceeding expectations for finished works.
ADDITIONAL EXPERIENCE
GLOBAL LTS – LANGUAGE TRANSLATION SERVICES, Troy, MI 8/2014 to 12/2019
ESL Faculty (English as a Second Language)
Exponentially increase ESL skills for a portfolio of international students across several countries including Germany, Italy, India, Japan, and China, as well as the U.S., develop comprehensive curriculum design.
Provide a well-rounded education across key topics including conversation, pronunciation, proper grammar, and vocabulary, continuously assess student understanding and progress while analyzing measurable performance data.
Emphasize the key nature of diversity and inclusion while incorporating values and morals into lesson plans.
UNIVERSITY OF MICHIGAN, Ann Arbor, MI 6/2017 to 8/2018
Assistant English Faculty – Wolverine Pathways School of Education
Optimize information retention and heavily contribute to the academic growth of high school students by sharpening their writing and editing skills, proofreading techniques, and communication abilities.
Integrate training on proper methods of completing college applications including the coalition and UM applications to assist in securing ideal opportunities, cover the correct and most effective utilization of Match Magician.
Position students to receive financial assistance by instructing them on scholarship requirements and options for low-income families, encourage use of practical skills such as critical-thinking, problem-solving, and resourcefulness.
EDUCATION & CREDENTIALS
Master’s in Teaching, Education (Diversity and Inclusion), Wayne State University, Detroit, MI
Bachelor of Arts, English Education, Michigan State University, E. Lansing, MI
Member International Assn. Of Professional Writers and Editors 2022
Contact this candidate