William Sullivan

**** **** ******
Chesapeake, VA 23324
757-***-****
adt75e@r.postjobfree.com
EXPERIENCE
L3 Harris
Technical Writer
August 2022 - Present
●Creating documentation that clarifies the product's features and benefits.
●Working on requirements like content strategy or scoping out new products to ensure all necessary information has been included for users to understand what they're reading quickly.
●Writing technical manuals for use by the military.

Virginia Beach City Public Schools, Renaissance Academy — Teacher
August 2021 - August 2022
●Editing and correcting essays.
●Classroom instruction
●Writing and planning lessons.

Guam Department of Education (Agueda I. Johnston Middle School/Simon Sanchez High School/Astumbo Middle School)— Teacher
August 2016 - May 2021
●Editing and correcting essays.
●Classroom instruction
●Writing and planning lessons.

MCV Broadband/DOCOMO Pacific -Harmon, GU — Service Technician
July 2008 - 2014

Duties/Responsibilities:
●Repair and maintain cable services for customers. Tasks include:
●Run/install RG-6, CAT-3, CAT-5, and RG-11 cable.
●Troubleshoot broken digital devices including modems, VOIP modems, and digital and analog convertors.
●Take readings of RF signals with JDSU Digital Service Activation Meter.
● Install home-based active and passive devices.
●Replace/install RG-6, CAT-3, CAT-5, and RG-11 connectors.

US Navy-Virginia Beach - Virginia — Fire Controlman

June 1996- June 2002

Duties/Responsibilities:
●Performed organizational and intermediate on digital computer equipment, subsystems, and systems,
●Operated and maintained the MK-86 GFCS (Gun Fire Control System) at the organizational and intermediate level.
●Inspected, tested, aligned, and repaired the mini and micro computers associated with the MK-86 GFCS.
●Operated the external and built-in test systems associated with the MK-86 GFCS.
●Loaded, initialized, and ran preprogrammed diagnostic, performance, and testing routines for the digital computer equipment, digital subsystems, digital systems, and overall combat systems.
EDUCATION
University of Guam, Mangilao
2014- BA English
2016-MA English
Tidewater Community College, Virginia Beach 2002-2004
2004-AS Social Sciences

SKILLS
I have experience working with RG-59, RG-6, RG-11, CAT-5, and CAT-3 cable both in the civilian world and in the military. I am currently employed with Virginia Beach City Public Schools, but prior to that I was a broadband cable technician with MCV Broadband and DOCOMO Pacific on Guam. I also served as a Fire Controlman, Third Class, in the United States Navy where I worked on the MK-86 Gun Fire Control System, including the AN-SPQ-9 TWS (Track While Scan) Radar and the AN/SPG-60 Anti-Air Warfare Radar and the related operating systems for these two radars. I have had a year’s worth of experience working with Arbortext, an XML editing software. In addition, I am proficient in the use of Microsoft Office Suite, including Word, Excell, and PowerPoint.
LANGUAGES
English, Hindi (Conversational)
Contact this candidate