Laurie J. Hartman
MS, BS MLS (MT)-ASCP
Research and Clinical Laboratory Subject Matter Expert with experience as a lead molecular microbiologist, scientific technical writer and editor, and vital member of a Department of Defense program funding infectious disease surveillance around the globe. Experience contributing to and leading novel research in the bio-threat detection arena and development of qPCR assays. Primary author of multiple scientific publications, posters, and two patents for an internal positive control in qPCR assays for detection of PCR inhibitors. Successfully work with highly motivated, team focused, communicative people to solve challenging problems. In search of a fulfilling position as a scientific technical writer/editor.
EXPERIENCE
Customer Value Partners, Fairfax,VA — Medical Writer April 2022 – September 2022
Temporary position
Authored scientific manuscript for publication
Responsible for providing copy editing for Annual Report
Created publication quality tables and figures for manuscript Armed Forces Health Surveillance Division, Medical Surveillance Monthly Report Staff Member, Silver Spring, MD — Contributing Editor
July 2022 – PRESENT
Responsible for editing new manuscript submissions to the journal
Format tables and figures for publication
Create layout versions for printed as well as online versions of the journal
Developed new Standard Operating Procedures for each step of the publication process
Armed Forces Health Surveillance Division, Global
Emerging Infections Surveillance Branch, Silver Spring, MD —Laboratory Support Specialist
NOVEMBER 2017 – PRESENT
Assist partner laboratories with writing their results into publication format
Write Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs), White Papers, and Summary Reports as needed
Editing and Graphic Design for documents facing both internal and external
Lead on GEIS MinION User Group, to provide a forum for government- funded users of the Oxford Nanopore MinION: to share information and best practices, discuss troubleshooting and challenges, and encourage collaboration.
Established database of GEIS Partner publications and performed a bibliometric analysis to assess return of investment of GEIS program
Developed GEIS Handbook
Provide laboratory subject matter expertise to GEIS Team
Read and score annual proposals to contribute to team effort in funding decisions
Developed surveys for Partner Laboratories to establish a database of laboratory capabilities and instrumentation in use in OCONUS and CONUS DOD surveillance laboratories
SKILLS
PATENTS
CLEARANCE
CERTIFICATIONS
HOBBIES
United States Army Medical Research Institute of Infectious Diseases, Ft. Detrick, MD — Research Microbiologist
FEBRUARY 1998 - NOVEMBER 2017
Development, optimization, and testing of real time PCR and RT-PCR assays
Expert user on R.A.P.I.D., LightCycler 2.0 and 480 instruments, Smart Cycler, Fisher 96 magnetic bead separator, Qiagen EZ-1, Luminex MagPix and others
Evaluation of new technologies such as the InDevR macro array, molecular inversion probes (MIP), padlock probes (PLP) and Z-Sense instrument
Provide training, leadership, and expert execution of molecular techniques including primer design, PCR, site-directed mutagenesis, cloning, cell transfection, DNA sequencing, gel electrophoresis, gel purification, plasmid purification, DNA extraction, ligation, rolling circle amplification, whole genome amplification, magnetic bead separation and restriction endonuclease digestion
Developed and patented Internal Positive Control (IPC) for TaqMan Assays
Developed multiplex PCR assays on real-time PCR platforms
Development of molecular methods to determine antibiotic resistance of Bacillus anthracis
Authored over 70 pre-Emergency Use Authorization for PCR assay development packets for FDA and DoD wide collaborate research effort
Faculty member of the ASM workshop Rapid Cycle, Real-Time PCR for the Clinical Microbiology Laboratory
Participated in CAP Inspections of Microbiology Laboratories
Developed clinical laboratory qPCR “assay toolbox” Christie Clinic, Champaign, IL— Medical Technologist MAY 1995 - MAY 1997
Generalist Medical Technologist
University of Illinois, Department of Veterinary Pathobiology, Champaign-Urbana, IL — Research Assistant/Teaching Assistant
AUGUST 1994 - MAY 1997
Performed diagnostic testing for Ehrlichia with immune-fluorescent antibody (IFA) assay
Developed novel PCR assays for diagnosis of Ehrlichiosis in canines and equines
Teaching assistant for Veterinary Microbiology, Immunology, and Virology Class Laboratories EDUCATION
University of Maryland Baltimore, Baltimore, MD — Certificate in Science Communication AUGUST 2021 - MAY 2022
University of Illinois, Champaign-Urbana, IL— Master of Science Veterinary Pathobiology, Microbiology and Immunology
AUGUST 1994 - MAY 1997
University of Maryland Baltimore, Baltimore, MD — Bachelor of Science Medical and Research Technology
AUGUST 1990 - MAY 1994
PROJECTS
Internal Positive Control for TaqMan Based Assays
Developed a novel Internal Positive Control for TaqMan based assays for detection of PCR inhibitors in samples. Used these methods in the development process: Site Directed Mutagenesis, Gene Cloning, Restriction Endonuclease Digestion, Sanger Sequencing. Also used in vitro transcription for the development of the RNA version for RT-PCR.. Laboratory Capability Database
To promote harmonization and synchronization the GEIS Laboratory Capability Database was established. The database contains detailed information of the capabilities of each laboratory and serves as a resource for laboratory collaborations. The database also contains an assay matrix, which allows partners to view, compare, or select assays that are currently in use and may result in more consistent and comparable testing amongst the network. Lead for MinION User Group
The MinION User Group is a forum for government-funded users of the Oxford Nanopore MinION to share information and best practices, discuss troubleshooting and challenges, and encourage collaboration. Established milSuite site for communication within the group, responsible for initiating hands-on bioinformatics workshops, and assembled MinION wet lab cookbook.
PUBLICATIONS
Hartman LJ. Dietary interventions for multiple sclerosis-related outcomes: Summary of a Cochrane review. Explore (NY). 2022,18(2):252-253. doi:10.1016/j.explore.2021.12.007 Kwon PO, Shadwick SK, Bazaco SL, et al. Brief report: The challenge of interpreting recurrent SARS-CoV-2 positive tests among military service members, Fort Jackson, SC, 2020-2021. MSMR. 2021,28(10):11-13. Published 2021 Oct 1. Pollett, S., Johansson, M., Biggerstaff, M., Morton, L. C., Bazaco, S. L., Brett Major, D. M., Stewart-Ibarra, A. M., Pavlin, J. A., Mate, S., Sippy, R., Hartman, L. J., Reich, N. G., Maljkovic Berry, I., Chretien, J. P., Althouse, B. M., Myer, D., Viboud, C., & Rivers, C. (2020). Identification and evaluation of epidemic prediction and forecasting reporting guidelines: A systematic review and a call for action. Epidemics, 33, 100400. https://doi.org/10.1016/j.epidem.2020.100400 Sugiharto VA, Widjaja S, Hartman LJ, Williams M, Myers TE, Simons MP. Zika virus surveillance in active duty U.S. military and dependents through the Naval Infectious Diseases Diagnostic Laboratory. MSMR. 2019,26(7):18-23. Hartman LJ, Heinrich ML, Zovanyi AM, Ingram MF, Hobson JP, Kulesh DA, Craw PD, Jaissle JG, Norwood DA, Minogue TD. Demonstration of the Pre-Emergency Use Authorization Path Using 3 Minor Groove Binder-Hydrolysis Probe Assays to Detect Escherichia coli O104:H4. Clinical Chemistry. 2015 Nov,61(11):1391-8. Porter AI, Erwin-Cohen RA, Twenhafel N, Chance T, Yee SB, Kern SJ, Norwood D, Hartman LJ, Parker MD, Glass PJ, DaSilva L. Characterization and pathogenesis of aerosolized eastern equine encephalitis in the common marmoset (Callithrix jacchus) [published correction appears in Virol J. 2017 Mar 10,14 (1):51]. Virol J. 2017,14(1):25. Published 2017 Feb 7. doi:10.1186/s12985-017- 0687-7 Gaddy CE, Cuevas PF, Hartman LJ, Howe GB, Worsham PL, Minogue TD. Development of real-time PCR assays for specific detection of hmsH, hmsF, hmsR, and irp2 located within the 102-kb pgm locus of Yersinia pestis. Molecular and Cellular Probes. 2014 Oct-Dec,28(5- 6):288-95.
Laurie J. Hartman, Edward B. Selby, Chris A. Whitehouse, Susan R. Coyne, James G. Jaissle, Nancy A. Twenhafel, Robin L. Burke, and David A. Kulesh. Rapid real-time PCR assays for detection of Klebsiella pneumoniae with the rmpA or magA genes associated with the hypermucoviscosity phenotype: screening of nonhuman primates. Journal of Molecular Diagnostics. 2009 September, 11(5): 464-471.
Christensen, D.R., Hartman, L.J., Loveless, B.M., Frye, M.S., Shipley, M.A., Bridge, D.L., Richards, M.J., Kaplan, R.S., Garrison, J., Baldwin, C.D., Kulesh, D.A., Norwood, D.A. Detection of biological threat agents by real-time PCR: comparison of assay performance on the R.A.P.I.D., the LightCycler, and the Smart Cycler platforms. Clinical Chemistry. 2006 January, 52(1): 141-145.
Hartman, L.J., S.R. Coyne, and D.A. Norwood. Development of a Novel Internal Positive Control for Taqman® Based Assays. Molecular and Cellular Probes. 2005 February, 19(1):51- 59. Erratum in Molecular and Cellular Probes. 2005 August, 19(4):298.
PRESENTATION
Laurie J. Hartman, Philip D. Craw, Bridget Kulesh, Timothy D. Minogue, David A. Kulesh. Use of InDevR ampliPHOX® Colorimetric Detection Technology and Custom Low-Density Macroarrays for the Differentiation of Burkholderia mallei and Burkholderia pseudomallei. Poster Presentation. Chemical and Biological Defense Science and Technology Conference. St. Louis, MO. May 12-14, 2015. Laurie J. Hartman. Use of InDevR ampliPHOX® Colorimetric Detection Technology and Custom Low- Density Macroarrays for the Identification and Differentiation of Crimean-Congo Hemorrhagic Fever Virus. Oral Presentation. Chemical and Biological Defense Science and Technology Conference. St. Louis, MO. May 12-14, 2015. Laurie J. Hartman, Philip D. Craw, Timothy D. Minogue, David A. Kulesh. Use of InDevR ampliPHOX® Colorimetric Detection Technology and Custom Low-Density Microarrays for the Identification and Differentiation of Crimean-Congo Hemorrhagic Fever Virus. 11th American Society for Microbiology Biodefense and Emerging Diseases Research Meeting, January 27-29, 2014.
Laurie J. Hartman, Ravi Vijaya Satya, Timothy D. Minogue and Leonard P. Wasieloski Jr. Limiting False Positive Results in Molecular Inversion Probe Assays. Chemical and Biological Defense Science and Technology Conference. November 14- 18, 2011.
Laurie J. Hartman, Philip D. Craw, David A. Norwood, and David A. Kulesh. Real- Time 16SrRNA PCR to Monitor Growth of Ciprofloxacin-Resistant Bacillus anthracis. 9th American Society for Microbiology Biodefense and Emerging Diseases Research Meeting, February 6-9, 2011.
Laurie J. Hartman, Ravi Vijaya Satya, Timothy D. Minogue, and Leonard P. Wasieloski Jr. Development of an Internal Positive Control Molecular Inversion Probe Assay. 9th American Society for Microbiology Biodefense and Emerging Diseases Research Meeting, February 6-9, 2011. Laurie J. Hartman, Timothy D. Minogue and Leonard P. Wasieloski Jr. Development of an Internal Positive Control Molecular Inversion Probe Assay. Chemical and Biological Defense Science and Technology Conference. November 15-19, 2010.
Laurie J. Hartman, David A. Norwood, David A. Kulesh. Real-Time PCR to Monitor Growth of Ciprofloxacin Resistant Bacillus anthracis. 8th American Society for Microbiology Biodefense and Emerging Diseases Research Meeting, February 21-24, 2010.
Laurie J. Hartman, Edward Selby, Chris A. Whitehouse, Susan Coyne, James G. Jaissle, Nancy A. Twenhafel, Robin Burke, and David A. Kulesh. Rapid Real-time PCR Assays for Detection of Klebsiella pneumoniae with rmpA or magA Genes Associated with the Hypermucoviscosity Phenotype: Screening of Nonhuman Primates. 7th American Society for Microbiology Biodefense and Emerging Diseases Research Meeting, February 22-25, 2009. Laurie J. Hartman, Edward Selby, Chris A. Whitehouse, Susan Coyne, James G. Jaissle, Nancy A. Twenhafel, Robin Burke, and David A. Kulesh. Rapid real-time PCR for detection of Klebsiella pneumoniae and the rmpA gene target associated with the hypermucoviscosity phenotype: comparison with culture for the screening of African green monkeys. 108th American Society for Microbiology General Meeting, June 2-5, 2008. Michelle A. Shipley, Susan R. Coyne, Philip D. Craw, James G. Jaissle, Deanna R. Christensen, Aisha A. Hajjaj, Laurie J. Hartman, James W. Karaszkiewicz, Patricia Reilly, David A. Norwood and Melanie P. Ulrich. Detection of Biological Warfare Agents from Environmental, Clinical and Food Matrices by Manual Extraction Methods. 5th American Society for Microbiology Biodefense and Emerging Diseases Research meeting. February 27 - March 2, 2007. Hartman, L.J., D.R. Christensen, and D.A. Norwood. Single Agent Multiplex for Francisella tularensis. 2006 Ft. Detrick/NCI-FCRDC Spring Research Festival, May 17- 18, 2006. Hartman, L.J., D.R. Christensen, and D.A. Norwood. Detection of Biological Threat Agents with Multiplexed Taqman® Assays – Enhancement by Whole Genome Amplification. 2005 Ft. Detrick/NCI- FCRDC Spring Research Festival, May 18- 19, 2005.
Hartman, L.J., and D.A. Norwood. Development of a Novel Internal Positive Control for Taqman® Based Assays. 103rd American Society for Microbiology General Meeting, May 18-22, 2003. Hartman, L.J., D.A. Norwood, D.R. Shoemaker, and E.A. Henchal. Taqman® Exogenous Internal Positive Control on the Cepheid Smart Cycler®. 2001 Ft. Detrick/NCI-FCRDC Spring Research Festival, May 16-17, 2001. Teska, J.D., S.R. Coyne, L.J. Hartman, C.M. Allan, and D.R. Christensen. Bacillus anthracis Identification Based on Two Automated System Databases. 100th American Society for Microbiology General Meeting, May 21-25, 2000. Hartman, L.J. Development of a PCR-Based Assay for Clinical Detection of Ehrlichia. 2000 Ft.Detrick/NCI-FCRDC Spring Research Festival, May17-18, 2000.
Wolf, M.K., T. Coster, F. Trespalacios, L. Hartman, J. Colbert, and D.N. Taylor. Duration of Inhibition of Enteric Flora After Ciprofloxacin Treatment. 99th American Society for Microbiology General Meeting, May 30- June 3, 1999. REFERENCES
Dr. Wendy Sammons-Jackson – 813-***-****
Dr. Leonard Wasieloski – 301-***-****
Contact this candidate