Donna Gonzalez
*A Charles Ridge Rd.
Littleton, Ma. 01460
978-***-****
adtgnj@r.postjobfree.com
Education: SUNY at Binghamton
Doctoral Candidate
English Literature
Sept. 1991- 2011.
course work and comprehensive exams complete. Proficiency in Shakespeare, 19th century British novels, and Contemporary novels: Toni Morrison, Milan Kundera. All but defense. Coursework, 3 comprehensive exams and dissertation completed.
.
SUNY at New Paltz
Master of Arts English Literature
Dec. 1990
Vassar College
Bachelor of Arts English Literature
May 1984
Dissertation: The Spinners and Knitters in the Sun: Weaving in Literature Fellowships: John Burroughs Fellowship, 1989.
Clark Fellowship, SUNY Binghamton 1991-2000.
Work Experience:
UExam. Proctor of law exams. Room supervisor. Supervised associates to ensure successful execution of LSAT exams. Hub supervisor.
The Fay School. English Immersion Program/ Southboro, Ma. Taught children ages 10-15 Beginning ESL. Students were from diverse countries such as China, Japan, Mexico and Korea and had daily classes in Vocabulary and Grammar, Reading and Writing. TOEFL prep. Student Advisory. Keefe Tech at Night. Framingham, Ma.
Weaving I. Taught design, reading a draft, warping, dressing a loom, weaving. Finished Swedish Lace Shawl. 6’ Quilting I. Taught threading machine, design, ” seams, piecing, cutting, quilting, binding. Completed 56”x64.” American Textile History Museum. Lowell, Ma. 2002-3. Taught the history of spinning, weaving, dyeing and textile production in Lowell, Ma. as well as the techniques of spinning, weaving, and dyeing. Classes also included spinning plastic for recycling to conserve natural resources. Researched and taught the summer camp which specialized in Native Cultural Art, and another which specialized in multiple dye techniques which included resist dyeing and batik. Taught spinning and weaving through the demonstration of the great wheel, and flax wheel, as well as antique looms, and a computer run 20 harness 60" wide AVL loom. On the board of a committee to make the museum accessible to visually and hearing impaired people. 2002-3.
Littleton High School, Littleton Ma. Fall 2000-Spring 2001. Tutored High School students for their MCAS exams in Math and English. University of New Hampshire
English department. Instructor of English Fall 1998. Instructor of Remedial English. Was able to meet Donald Murray and use his method of writing theory in order to help students feel successful about their writing potential. Taught the process of writing and helped students find a way to come to terms with the demands writing for college would give them. Supervised Teaching Assistants from the Learning Center so they could better tutor my students. University of Massachusetts, Lowell
English department. Instructor of English Spring 1998. Instructor of Freshman Composition I and II, which is an introduction to literature, as well as the critical reading, writing, critical analysis, and thinking skills needed for college. Taught research methods, and the process of writing research papers.
Donna Gonzalez
978-***-****
New Hampshire College
English department. Instructor of English Spring 1998. Instructor of Freshman Writing, argument. Here the emphasis of freshman writing was building an argument. Seven different types of argument were analyzed as well as the fundamentals of writing a research paper. Scrutiny of sources, analytical thinking and classroom argument were also taught. SUNY Orange County Community College
English department. Instructor of English Spring and Summer 1991. Professor of English Literature, Freshman Composition, and Remedial English. Worked in the Learning Resource Center as well. Taught writing, research, critical analysis and thinking skills. Tried to break students of their fear of writing.
SUNY at New Paltz
English department. Instructor of English
Jan. 1988-Dec. 1990.
Instructor of Freshman Composition. Developed courses, prepared syllabus, chose texts, and graded students . As at Orange County, I taught writing, research, critical analysis and thinking skills. SUNY Ulster County Community College
English department. Writing Center Instructor
Spring 1989.
Worked in the Writing Center with remedial students. Broke down the writing process, and helped students compose their ideas into papers.
SUNY Binghamton
English department. Graduate Assistant, semester in London Spring semester 1992. Escorted 38 undergraduates from SUNY Binghamton and other universities to London for the Spring semester 1992. Acted as a liaison between students and university. In charge of travel outside of London, around Great Britain. The program included a large theater component, as well as concentrating on the cultural, sociological, historical aspects of English culture. Emphasis placed on what it meant to be marginalized in an English society. Independent Research and Training:
Training in teaching ESL and basic literacy.
Random House
Freelance consultant. Proofreader of manuscripts. Jan. 1995-7. My work was conducted on English texts, but have been asked to work on Spanish texts as well. Vassar College
Alumni Association of Vassar College. Assistant for Recent Classes Aug. 1986-Aug. 1987. One of four administrators in charge of Alumnae programs. Responsible for the last 10 years of recent graduates. Programs included organizing reunions on and off campus, assisting with club work nationally and internationally working with current freshman and senior class students, publishing class directories, and preparing for quarterly alumnae board meetings.
IBM, Kingston New York
Technical Writer May 1982-May 1983.
Wrote screen driven software so that lay people could understand it. IBM, Puerto Rico.
Technical Writer. Dec. 1982-Jan. 1983.
All business conducted in Spanish, while writing in English. Language proficiency: Fluent Spanish. Writing, speaking, reading, translation. One year of university French.
Contact this candidate