Sean T. Cairns
adtgtn@r.postjobfree.com
850-***-****
Profile
Dedicated, results-oriented Engineering and Design professional with extensive experience in manufacturing, aviation/avionics, and electronics fields including work with public companies as well as government contractors. Expertise in Product Design & Development, Engineering Principles & Process Standards, Service Engineering, Applications Engineering, Drawing & Detailing, Tool Design, Project Management, Testing/Evaluation, Reengineering, Safety, Quality Control, Documentation and Compliance.
Exceptional troubleshooting and analytical skills. Develop practical, well-structured, and thorough technical solutions to complex problems utilizing ingenuity and creativity. Flexible, adaptable and works well in fast-paced, ever changing, environments. Proven ability to utilize current techniques, new methodologies, and analytical data to meet and/or exceed internal and client demands, expectations and deadlines. Recognized for leadership abilities, meticulous approach to work and high degree of integrity.
Professional Experience
GDIT
Fort Walton Beach, Florida 02/2021- 10/2022
Technical Writer- Technical Editor
Proofread, revise, and edit technical information. Determine the clearest and most logical way to present information for greatest reader comprehension.
Generate innovative ideas for content and workflow solutions. Meet with subject-matter experts to ensure specialized topics are appropriately addressed.
Analyze information required for the development or update of policy, procedure, and form documentation.
Review and/or copyedit content developed by other members of the team. Fluency in technical and common office software.
Ability to pay attention to details.
Written and oral communication skills.
Ability to prioritize and execute tasks in a fast-paced environment. Willingness to take on new challenges and build on current skills. Exceptional analytical and conceptual thinking skills. Ability to multi-task and be a self-starter.
Ability to check all technical material for consistency and accuracy. Parsons
Fort Walton Beach, Florida 08/2019- 02/2021
Integrator
Install, calibrate, and connect advanced power supply meters to Army networks.
Works with business analysts and clients to gather requirements and work towards efficient project solutions.
Develops and executes plans and procedures for data conversion, customer acceptance criteria and installation strategies.
Develops high-level specifications, conversion plans and procedures for implementing new systems or for integrating, modifying, upgrading, or enhancing existing systems.
Translates high-level specifications for software components into functional designs. Develops or revises documentation and technical manuals as required, primarily for large or complex systems. Identifies and documents user procedures for using the new or modified system.
Works collaboratively with other team members to design, develop, test, install, implement, and maintain complex business applications integrations and systems.
Under general direction, design, code, test, debug, and document source code to improve business productivity and/or quality.
May act in lead technical role in demonstrations, furnishing technical expertise and answering customer inquiries.
Identifies areas for improvement in the work of third-party contractors and works with managers to resolve the issues and problems with third-party products and services, assesses how well the program has come back into full contract compliance and may recommend additional follow up or decisions. Provide on-going technical support to Project Schedulers. Develop new and maintain existing web-based applications. EOMS Contract Indyne (Sa Tech)
Eglin AFB, FL 06/2015- 07/2019
Electronics Technician II
Provide troubleshooting expertise regarding mechanical and electrical/ electronic equipment, including programmable controls, numerical controls, power supplies, drives, gauges, and test equipment. Responsibilities include planning and performing work requiring a thorough knowledge of electrical/ electronic and mechanical theories and principles, writing specification, mil spec standards, properties of various materials, and principles of operation and applications of electronic equipment. Install, startup and shutdown remote targets in accordance with company safety procedures for machine activation and shutdown in line with OSHA requirements.
Advise operators and mechanics of operation procedures and requirements for working safely with electrical/ electronic and mechanical equipment and components.
Inform appropriate management and mechanics of potential electrical/ mechanical problems and inherent dangers involved. Maintain company and government required performance and maintenance records for remote vehicles.
Install, modify, and repair electronic components related to the remote activation and operation of remote vehicles including tracked vehicles, tanks, armored cars, boats, and regular autos.
Technical troubleshooting, manufacture, and repair of field replaceable electronics down to component level.
Pulsar Process Measurement, Inc.
Fort Walton Beach, FL 06/2006 - 08/ 2014
Support Engineer
Provide product and customer engineering support for this distributor of ultrasonic equipment with multiple government contracts. Responsibilities include design engineering, application engineering, technical support, service engineering, assisting with field installations and client after support. Maintain accurate records of work orders to maximize efficiency of operations. Provide technical support regarding hardware and software by phone and assist customers through the field calibration process. Serve as a service engineer in the installation of ultrasonic sensors and field calibrated equipment.
Provide application engineering services by answering questions and suggesting the best product from an extensive catalog to best meet customer needs.
Serve as a field liaison and provide design engineering services by providing valuable field feedback to improve product design and future manufacturing processes.
Meet assigned schedules and deadlines, as well as production and quality standards.
Boeing
Crestview, FL 06/2005 - 06/2006
Manufacturing Engineer, AC-130U Gunship (contract position) Recruited to be accountable for developing and implementing production and tooling methodologies from engineering drawings. Responsibilities encompassed design engineering, technical writing, and quality assurance functions.
Created work instructions for engineers to implement the drawings into effective designs for aircraft.
Involved in all aspects of the complete project lifecycle including concept, initial design, failure analyses, modification, redesign, prototyping, testing, preparation of specifications, and documentation.
Prepared assembly methods from review of engineering design packages and communicated with Industrial Engineering.
Conducted effective design engineering and worked with manufacturing floor production personnel and QA to resolve issues.
Made core planning changes to master production plan to best meet manufacturing and customer challenges.
Raytheon Aircraft Services
Tampa, FL 04/2004 - 06/2005
Avionics Technician II
Responsible as a bench technician for supporting a variety of general aviation aircraft and implementing electronic and mechanical modifications to meet FAA requirements. Demonstrated a working knowledge of multiple aircraft instrument systems and accessories.
Performed a wide range of electronic and mechanical troubleshooting to the component level to identify root cause problems and implement appropriate maintenance and/or repairs.
Conducted complete overhauls and/or repairs of aircraft instrumentation, avionics and/or accessories.
Utilized documentation available as required including multiple manufacturer manuals, prints, and schematic diagrams.
Performed non-repetitive troubleshooting and repair on a variety of components encompassing mechanical, electro-mechanical, electrical and/or electronics systems or parts.
Assisted in the training of equal or lesser grade technicians. The Answer Group
Fort Lauderdale, FL 04/2003 - 11/2003
Technical Service Engineer
Provided technical system support to hardware and software design functions for the BellSouth DSL product through high level field support, laboratory support, and customer phone support.
Demonstrated technical leadership of Internet (DSL) products, applications, systems, software, and firmware for fault isolation. Served as a SME and focal point on product issues from fielding calls from customers to referring trouble tickets to the appropriate department, ensuring a complete trouble resolution. (Cont. P2)
Developed and performed hardware and software integration testing, qualifications testing, documentation, analyses and testing, and investigation of failures to root cause. Utilized a structured approach to troubleshooting and problem solving.
Provided continuous feedback to web-based service tools and documented reported troubles into the services database to track open cases to final resolution.
Associated Aircraft Manufacturing (AAMSI)
Fort Lauderdale, FL 10/2002 - 04/2003
Technical Writer- Document Control Manager
Responsibilities encompassed design engineering, technical writing, document control, and quality assurance functions.
Prepared assembly methods from review of engineering design packages. Created and maintained fixed files, hard copies, and computer files. Controlled incoming and outgoing communication logs, orders, and repair logs. KSM Electronics
Fort Lauderdale, FL 04/2002 10/2002
Manufacturing Engineer
Responsibilities encompassed design engineering, technical writing, and quality assurance functions for the assembly of cables and electronic accessories. Trained floor personnel on the assembly of new products. Prepared assembly methods from review of engineering design packages. Communicated and collaborated with Industrial Engineering, Design Engineering, manufacturing floor production personnel and Quality Assurance to resolve issues. Performed first article inspection for quality assurance. Formulated quotes with labor time and cost assessment for potential new products.
Interfaced with customers on the creation of new products and custom products.
Florida Department of Transportation
Fort Lauderdale, FL 12/2001 - 04/2002
Electronics Technician (contract position)
Performed installations, troubleshooting, maintenance, and repair on toll booths including Sun Pass transponders and magnetrons.
Read and interpreted technical documents and complex schematics, as well as parts/wiring diagrams and equipment manuals.
Consistently looked for ways to do things more efficiently and improved processes within the organization.
Identified actual and potential problem areas with equipment and participated in resolutions that improved efficiency, controlled costs, and eliminated waste. Strong leadership skills, highly regarded among clients, management, and co- workers.
Upheld quality and safety standards, while meeting/exceeding deadlines and performance requirements.
Unipower Corporation
Fort Lauderdale, FL 12/1999 - 12/2001
Engineering Assistant/Technical Writer/Power Supply Test Engineer/Project Manager Assisted with designing and testing power supply systems for the telecommunications industry. Built prototypes, wrote work instructions for floor personnel, conducted troubleshooting, and ensured the manufacturability of designs.
Interfaced with customers on the creation of new products and development of custom products.
Developed power supply systems, up to 1800VAC and 600 DC. Designed, analyzed, tested, modified, and improved telecommunications accessory prototypes, power supply inverters, converters, circuit boards and power supply prototypes.
Worked with Auto CAD 200 and PCAD 2000. Reviewed and analyzed wiring diagrams and schematic drawings.
Collaborated and worked with Underwriters Laboratories to obtain safety certification.
Followed new products through the entire development and production cycles. Trained floor personnel on the assembly of new products. Military Experience
United States Air Force
Communication/Navigation Systems Technician, Special Operations Performed bench work, maintenance, and repairs as a RADAR Bench Technician to military aircraft and gunships.
Conducted troubleshooting of component-level avionics, instruments, and accessories.
Tested, repaired and/or overhauled all units to military specifications. Performed various engineering modifications on the 159 Terrain Following RADAR system.
Performed on/off aircraft maintenance primarily with the Pave Low, Spectre, and Combat Talon, AC-130U Gunships.
Education and Specialized Training
Community College of the Air Force: Avionics Maintenance Technology Keesler Technical School, Keesler A.F.B. Biloxi, MS Active Secret Security Clearance
Contact this candidate