Qualifications

Technical writer with specialization in Development Operations (AWS) and Principal software engineer for Azure solution and automation. More than 20 years of virtualization expertise delivering and evaluating new and current technology and on-premises datacenter and Cloud technology to reality. Currently refocusing on Azure and seeking a technical writing position.

Professional Experience

Federal Reserve Bank of New York of the United States of America
Cloud Infrastructure Engineer, Development Operations Engineer AWS (SAA)/ Docker Certified Associate (DCA) – Cloud Solutions Technologies November 2018 – September 2020
Led a team of four to develop classified prototype technologies and cloud-based infrastructure design.
Tested the Amazon Web Services cloud development kit (AWS CDK) using Python, CloudFormation, and Terraform, resulting in an automated infrastructure deployment in support of prototype delivery testing.

Worked with multiple teams on prototype projects, including but not limited to:
Configured and deployed software using container technology infrastructure.
Designed and deployed air gapped upgrade process for Kubernetes and Docker datacenter.
Deployed security and upgrade system within Kubernetes and Docker datacenter to secure above-mentioned container environments.
Built a Jupiter environment utilizing AWS ECS clusters and ACR containers (prototype unsuccessful).

Morgan Stanley – Wealth Management Technology/Client Platform Integration Engineering New York, NY
Advance Desktop Solutions Technologies 2015–June 2017
Gathered business requirements and meeting business deliverables with the Wealth Management Business Unit and Enterprise Technology Group.
Established and executed technical solutions to mitigate potential reputational risks, including process documentation, executive reporting and onsite technical support.
Planned for migration of over 1,100 external devices containing firm data, including hardware ranging from standalone Windows XP to Windows Server 2013/Windows 7 and Workstations within a small network environment with firm locations.
Designed a solution to deploy obtained data from a small prototype virtual environment to central repository.
Created an iPad Student Teacher Presentation solution which allows a presentation to be displayed on the student iPad to ensure the file is not physically installed.

Bank of America Merrill Lynch New York, NY
Vice President – Virtualization Technologies 1999-2015
Designed and deployed several projects including Virtual desktop infrastructure environment for 20K seats which successfully went from prototype directly into production.
Developed, produced and deployed a remote access environment which allowed users to access virtual images, physical desktops, and desktop applications from the internet and or edge locations unknown to myself and or teammates.
Supported the design and testing team of an internal investment project intended to add on to as storage filer, which performed compression of virtual images within a filer system, its use case was to create higher density on a storage filer, which the storage filer could not perform on its own. While virtual images met the compression rate, the project did not go forward due to performance issues for the end user which occurred in through-put of iops, the iops where required to meet the compression rate. While the project failed, its purpose was to reduce the overall capital expenditure cost of a prototype virtual environment by one third capex.
Evaluated another prototype of a virtual environment provisioning server which delivered images from a remote server within a lab datacenter targeting desktop hardware. After review the project was shut down due to various security concerns both within the virtual environment, networking protocols and desktop security make-up.

Education

Master’s Degree, Pace University, New York, NY
Clinical Psychology

Bachelor’s Degree, Pace University, New York, NY
Computer Science

Certification: AWS (SAA)/ Docker Certified Associate (DCA), 2020
Contact this candidate