PRAKASH PYDI
HUMAN RESOURCE PROFESSIONAL
Mobile: 0091 – 917-***-**** Email Id: adtk0q@r.postjobfree.com Address: 3-2-1/H Anu Sree Apartment Ashok Nagar Hyderab ad HR Professional with experience of 3 years in assisting and fulfilling Organization Staffing needs, ensure to develop the Human resources in the organization, retain the best talent, address the employee issues and comply with the legal provisions through proper planning and processing of HR concepts in the Organization. CAREER GOAL
Seeking challenging middle level assignments in HR function with growth oriented Organization, where I will get opportunities to learn, develop and implement my skills to handle people matters and achieve both department success and organization growth.
HR SKILLS
Staff Recruitment & Selection
Employee Relations
Employment Laws
On-boarding & Induction
Payroll Process
ESI-PF Payments
Employee Welfare
Administration
HR Reports
PROFESSIONAL EXEPRIENCE
Organization : AparjarithJul
Designation : HR Recruiter
Organization : Reliance Nippon Insurance
Designation : ARDM
Organization : Sangam Health Care
Designation : Executive – HR
Roles and responsibilities:
• Handled end-to-end recruitment( IT and Non IT positions)
• Gathering open requirements from the clients
• Sourcing apt candidates through different modes (Job Portal, References, Head hunting, Mapping,…)
• Validating / Screening the candidates based on their skillset.
• Shortlist and Scheduling candidates for interview with the client.
• Follow up with the candidate and client during the interview.
• Collect feedback from the client after interview.
• Salary negotiation and offer process for the shortlisted candidates.
• Keep track on candidates till they join our client.
• Handled Sr. level and Middle level Positions.
• Working for Drive requirements for multiple clients and multiple positions. Efficiently handling multiple IT requirements at all levels.
• Day to day management of recruiters with hands-on responsibilities for the identification, recruitment and placement of IT professionals.
• Keep the consultant warm and interested, once hired by the client arrange for Drug Screen, Credit history check and Background check.
• Organized and systematic, with a passion and desire in improving the staffing requirement and an intuitive ability in evaluating people.
Technologies Handled :
Java, J2EE, Flex, VB, C, C#,C Net, VISUAL Basic, Cobol, CISCO, CITRIX, IIS, System Admin, Power shell, VDI,, SIBEL, BI Analyst, IT technical support, Web logic, Mainframe, Help desk, Desktop support, Network support, QA managers, Remedy, MY SQL, Oracle, DBA,Six Sigma, Delivery Excellence,Finance , accounts, AP , AR,FPA,SQL DBA,SharePoint, Snow,PHP, Testing,MS Exchange Server,Office 365,Corporate Events,Technical Writer
,Performance Analyst,OIAM,OBIEE,Linux , Open stack,Peoplesoft,Application Security,cyber Security,VC++
,Power builder,Sybase,Architect,UC4,Azure,
Salesforce,
Support, Finance , Accounts, KAM, Operations management. Handled Non IT Requirements completely into sales for Telecom Company.
Other Activities:
• Mentored my team members to achieve their goal.
• Personally taking care of Company websites.
• Handled Account Management.
Recruited the New and open positions through handling Walk-inns, Manpower Vendors, Job portals and Employee Referrals.
Associated with Functional and Line Management to understand the Job requirements and attract the Prospective candidates
Involved in Offer finalization and salary negotiations with Shortlisted applicants.
Thoroughly conducted Candidate Verification process and maintained continuous coordination for timely on-boarding of applicants.
Designed and delivered Induction Sessions for New hires and completion of On-boarding Documentation and process.
Played a Key role in Employee Compensation and Benefits administration disbursal process.
Carried out Monthly Attendance compilation, Pay calculations, Pay Statements preparations and ensured correct payments to all employees.
Managed employee monthly leaves, Time-offs, Compensatory off adjustments and track of official duties.
ACADEMIC & IT FORTE
Post Graduate in Social Welfare (MSW) from Acharya Nagarjuna University
MBA HR From Gitam University
Graduate in Commerce (BCom) from Sri venkateswar University
Diploma in Hardware & Networking from CMS Computer Education
Certification in MCP – Client (Windows XP Professional)
MS Office Package – MS Word, MS Excel and MS Power Point PERSONAL INFORMATION
Marital Status : Single
Father Name : Chandrapalu
Language Proficiency : English, Hindi and Telegu
Personal Abilities : Quick Learner, Good Team Player, Self Motivator, Reliable, Adaptable
Hobbies : Reading, Making Friends
Place : Hyderabad
Date : (PRAKASH PYDI)
Contact this candidate