Deidre (Dee) McEachran (Stepanek), M.A.
Greater Wilmington Area, NC 704-***-**** adtxtm@r.postjobfree.com linkedin.com/in/dmceachranstepanek TECHNICAL WRITER
Clear, concise wordsmith offering expertise in researching technical content and organizing information from multiple sources to create technical guides, installation manuals, statement of procedures (SOPs), software user guides, newsletters, implementation / administration user guides, communication toolkits, proposals, and project plans that meet business needs. Innovative business partner, effective communicator, and dynamic project manager known for translating complex technical subject matter into simple, polished, and engaging content. Collaborative leader with demonstrated successes in partnering with cross-functional stakeholder teams to develop comprehensive documentation that meets organizational standards and exceeds business, delivery, and financial expectations. CORE COMPETENCIES
Workplace Performance Analysis User Documentation (procedures/manuals/job aids/process maps/Web documents) Research Performance Consulting / Training Instructional Design – Online / Classroom Business Strategies Project Management Performance Tracking Metrics Reporting Tools Branding TECHNICAL PROFICIENCIES
Microsoft 365 - Word, PowerPoint, Excel MS Teams SharePoint Adobe Acrobat Adobe Captivate MS OpenText Visio Skype Zoom SnagIt Jira Articulate iGrafx CERTIFICATIONS
Lowes Companies, Mooresville, NC: Information Mapping and Human Performance Technology EXPERIENCE
Independent Consultant 8/2021 – Present
Senior Technical Writer
Recent consulting engagements:
• Maxar: Working with satellite technology company to draft/brand 25+ user documentation and marketing materials for internal and external customers. Deliverables include proprietary software user guides, PowerPoint product descriptions, product specification documents, branding and legal guidelines, and technical writing style guides.
• Sony: Consulted with international entertainment company cyber security division to provide reports, process maps, blogs, PowerPoint Presentations, SharePoint sites, Excel spreadsheets, website development recommendations, and other forms of communication to multiple groups across the company.
• Northwest Mutual: Worked with international insurance company to provide 50+ procedures, job aids, and flow diagrams in SharePoint team collaboration site to over 2,000 corporate and field personnel.
• Atrium Health: Worked with Human Resources division of major healthcare system to help employees access and use new Oracle Global Cloud Payroll and Benefits systems.
§ Created job aid template to ensure consistency across developers.
§ Worked with subject matter experts to identify problems employees experienced during enrollment.
§ Prioritized solutions based on high volume help center requests.
§ Developed/tested/posted over 30 job aids for new and existing employee’s use in benefits and payroll enrollment and related activities.
WELLS FARGO, Charlotte, NC 6/2014 – 8/2021
Senior Technical Writer
Worked with Line of Business subject matter experts to identify business needs of international employees. Developed detailed work documentation and training that equipped end-users to accomplish business goals.
§ Created over 200 process maps, standard operating procedures (SOPs), and training sessions to transition onshore business processes involving software applications to international employees.
§ Crafted training materials including training plans, facilitator / participant guides, and evaluation materials for international employees.
§ Devised training in performance consulting and instructional design for Line of Business personnel, conducting needs assessments, designing training materials, and conducting learning sessions (live and online). Deidre (Dee) McEachran, M.A. adtxtm@r.postjobfree.com Page Two SIGNATURE CONSULTANTS, Charlotte, NC 11/2012 – 6/2014 Performance Improvement Architect Consultant at Wells Fargo Bank Provided following deliverables to document processes and educate stakeholders.
§ Produced process maps, SOPs, and job aids in various Line of Business processes for onshore and offshore bank employees.
§ Drafted a training curriculum (based on ADDIE Model) for facilitators to train over 400 offshore employees.
§ Delivered remote learning interventions and facilitation for international audiences. ADDITIONAL RELEVANT EXPERIENCE
LOWE’S COMPANIES, Mooresville, NC
Senior Performance Consultant/Technical Writer
Worked with corporate and store subject matter experts to perform root cause analysis of over 2,000 store manager and 24,000 assistant manager work related issues and determine solutions. Developed procedural documentation, eLearning, and job aids that could be used at point of need on the job. TIME WARNER CABLE, Charlotte, NC
Senior Learning Manager, Technical and Leadership Development Learning Partnered in the deployment of first company-wide learning management system, creating the ability to organize content in one location, facilitate employee access to training as needed, and track and measure training results. ERNST & YOUNG, Cleveland, OH
Senior Manager
Managed teams that created new hire orientation websites, eLearning, job aids, and standard operating procedures for all levels of audit personnel.
EDUCATION
Master of Arts (M.A.), Instructional Systems Design / Organizational Communications Michigan State University
Bachelor of Arts (B.A.), Education
Michigan State University
PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT
§ Post-graduate work in Accounting, IT, Organization Development, and Economics to increase business acumen.
§ Coursework for ADDIE Model, Agile, Coaching, HTML, Technical Writing, Leadership, HTML SharePoint, Articulate Storyline, Articulate Visual Designs. Six Sigma Green Belt certificate. PROFESSIONAL AFFILIATIONS
§ ISPI, Charlotte, NC, Former Board Member
§ ASTD, Charlotte, NC, Member Former Board Member
Contact this candidate