Full Legal Name:
Esequiel Rodriguez
Email:
adtzch@r.postjobfree.com
Phone:
713-***-****
Location:
Kyle, TX 78640
Local/Non-Local/Relocate:
Local
Work Auth.
US Citizen
Interview Availability:
Available Next Week

JOB RELATED SUMMARY
Extensive hands-on experience in Technical Writing.
Good communication skills and interpersonal skills.

SUMMARY
I have years of experience in the oil patch as an operator, Startup Specialist and Technical Writer

SKILLS
Visio
Microsoft SharePoint
Technical Writing
XML
HTML5
Confluence
Adobe Acrobat
Writing Skills
Adobe InDesign
Proofreading
APIs
Jira
MySQL
Microsoft SQL Server
User Interface (UI)
REST
JavaScript
Agile
Business Analysis
Java
Business Requirements

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
WestRock/ Oxford Corporation Apr 2022 - Jul 2022
Technical Writer
The work entailed writing Training and SOP procedures for the power plant section of a biomass business producing cardboard products from recycled materials on the mill side.
The power plant consisted of HRSG, Steam Turbines and simple cycle genders producing power for the entire plant, plus producing 30 Megawatts of power for sale to Georgia Power.
I was in Georgia for a little over three months in which I produced 79 total procedures.

CCL Global Energy - Houston, TX Mar 2020 to Nov 2020
Technical Writer
Employed by contractor CCL Global Energy as a Technical Writer for Kiewit Corporation where we developed Training Modules for a 10 million Ton per Annum LNG Plant located near Lake Charles, Louisiana. The site is to be self-sufficient, producing its own electricity, powering all product producing process equipment.
Ended up writing training modules from home due to COVID-19. I produced modules for GE Frame 7 Gas Turbines, Amine Units, Mercury Removal Units, Dehydration Units, etc.

KBR - Houston, TX Mar 2017 to Nov 2018
Technical Staffing Resources Apr 2013 to Jul 2017
KBR Aug 2013 to Oct 2017
Technical Writer
100, 000 stream day (BPSD) integrated petroleum refinery located in Yanbu, Saudi Arabia.
Worked on Pre-Commissioning / Commissioning Procedures for the Koch Nitrogen Company LLC Plant, Enid, Oklahoma. The plant increased production capacity by more than one million tons per year.
In addition, the project included construction of a 900,000 ton per year Urea Plant, which was to include truck and rail loading facilities, with additional Urea Storage capacity.
Worked on the Southern Company 7 billion Kemper Power Plant Coal Gasification Project writing Commissioning Procedures for the various processes, which included Coal Gasification Power Plant, an Ammonia Plant, Carbon Dioxide Production.
In 2016 wrote Pre-Commissioning / Commissioning procedures for the YARA / BASF Brownfield Ammonia Plant. The Ammonia Plant is scheduled to produce 750,000 metric tons per year of ammonia when in production.
Also included in the procedures were procedures for storage and loading of ammonia.

KBR - Glendale, AZ May 2009 to Jan 2010
Operations Manager
Operations Manager for Bechtel, at the El ATF, Egypt 750MW Power Plant site for Bechtel International In charge of maintaining plant optimum operations, scheduled plant shutdowns as major equipment was added to the plant operation, reviewing vendor operating procedures and training local operations personnel.

Ventech Engineers Inc - Pasadena, TX Jan 2008 to Apr 2009
Commissioning Eng.
Worked for Ventech Engineering writing Start-Up Procedures for crude plants, traveled to Russia to assist in a plant under construction in Siberia. Traveled to Yemen twice, once to troubleshoot problems with the furnace firing on the crude unit and on a later trip, to assist in the turnaround of the crude unit.

KBR - Glendale, AZ May 2007 to Jan 2008
Lead Commissioning/Commissioning Engineer
Worked at El Gussi-El Zagreb, Gas Plant and oil production. Worked with Filipino Start-Up crew and the third country nationals in readying and then proving the equipment to the client personnel, Sona-Hess (Sonatrach and Hess), as a condition of the Start-Up criteria.

KBR - Houston, TX Sep 2004 to Jul 2006
Power Generation Specialist
Worked for KBR in the Power Generation Department at Camp Remagen, Tikrit, Iraq and Al Assad Air Base, Anbar Province, maintained generator power to a scheduled area of the base.
Worked with local and third country nationals supervising and training in the upkeep of power generation equipment.

C D Consulting - Atlanta, GA Mar 2003 to May 2003
Start-Up/Mechanical Superintendent
Wrote and corrected procedures

Power Industry Consultants - Marietta, GA Aug 1999 to Feb 2003
Start-Up Operations/Mechanical Superintendent
Start-Up Operations/Mechanical Superintendent on Power Plant located in Mexicali, Mexico in a nominal 600MW in a 2X1-combined cycle configuration, consisting of two GE Frame 7FA Combustion Turbine Generators (CTGs), two Cerrey 3-pressure level Heat Recovery Steam Generators (HRSGs) with supplementary duct burner firing, generating 2000, 600 and 50 psig steam, and one Alstom STF-30C Steam Turbine Generator (STG).
Power Industry Consultants Marietta, Georgia August 1999 - February 2003
Commissioning/Start-Up Coordinator employed by Conoco/Petrozuata, Venezuela on a 120,000BPD Upgrade Project, process units included Crude Distillation, Crude Vacuum, Hydrotreater (Desulfurization), Light Ends Distillation, Gas Compression and Delayed Coker Process Units.
Tested, modified graphics for Honeywell Computer
Transferred to Venezuela, setting up Operations Training in Crude, Vacuum Distillation, Delayed Coker, Gas Plant, Hydrotreater, and Sulfur Plant Operations
Designed and wrote Start-Up procedures in Spanish
Trained Operations personnel, of which 70 % were new to operations Scheduled vendor visits to the job site

Power Industry Consultants - Marietta, GA Feb 1999 to Jun 1999
Commissioning/Start-Up Field Representative
On a twin train, 100 Ton Claus Sulfur Plant located in Tula, Mexico (PEMEX). Served as a field representative for Pritchard (Black and Veatch) aided in Start-Up procedures, verifying translations from English to Spanish

Power Industry Consultants - Marietta, GA Jul 1998 to Dec 1998
Commissioning/Start-Up Field Representative
Employed by Pritchard, Inc. (Black and Veatch) on a twin train, 100 Ton Claus Sulfur Plant located in Salina Cruz, Mexico. Served as a field representative to the client, PEMEX to assist in developing Start- Up procedures and verifying translations from English to Spanish.

Abrams Technical Services - Houston, TX Jul 1997 to Jun 1998
Technical Writer/Commissioning Start-Up Specialist
Wrote a Start-Up Manual for Amoco Oil for a Gas Plant
Traveled to Gas Plant site to verify and assist on Start-Up
Involved in writing Start-Up procedures for a 65MMSCFD Gas Plant in Peru.
Traveled to Pacalpah, Peru to aid locals in the Start-Up of the Gas Plant which supplied gas to power plant
Wrote a Start-Up Manual for Mobil Oil for a Gas/Oil Storage Terminal located in Nigeria.

EDUCATION
Associates Degree in Refining Technology in Refining Technology
Lee College and Exxon USA
Contact this candidate