Overview
Flexible and dedicated technical writer who has more than 20 years of experience in editing documents and documenting software for various Federal, State, and private entities.
Skills
Desktop Publishing
MS Word, FrameMaker, PowerPoint, JavaHelp, Adobe Acrobat Pro X, InDesign, SnagIt, Visio
Other Software
MS Excel, MS Outlook, SharePoint, LibreOffice, WinZip, 7-Zip, IE 10/Firefox/Safari/Chrome
Certificates
ITIL Foundation 2011
Work Experience
Technical Writer (Cleared) August 2022 – October 2022
OBXtek Contract: Office of Technical Security Engineering (DOS)
Edited SOP for department and guided TSE on Word file corruption, repair, and corruption prevention.
Provided advice to TSE on managing the tech writer processes as they began to revamp the contract.
Supported process for creating training for embassy security personnel as they transitioned to a new team.
Technical Writer (Cleared) July 2020 – July 2022
NorthTide Group Contract: Army Defensive Cyber Operations
Edited SOPs to support organizational activities.
Supported government employees in efforts to maintain standards for contracting activities.
Ran a test project featuring daily abstracts of notable cybersecurity articles on the Internet
Created and edited documentation for the end of the contract.
Senior Training Content Writer July 2019 – May 2020
Hendall, Inc.
Contract: Center for Medicaid and Medicare Services
Provide research and analysis for CMS training courses.
Create online content for CMS courses that teach surveyors how to examine hospitals and nursing centers.
Technical Editor (Air Force Cybersecurity Training Program) October 2017 – June 2019
GDIT/CSRA Contract: Defense Cyber Investigation Training Academy (DCITA)

Edit online and offline cybersecurity courses for Department of Defense personnel.
Helped build and maintain cybersecurity training programs.
Edit Emerging Technology and Tutorial documents for DCITA’s website.
Helped develop and maintain the DMS Users Manual in Microsoft Word.
Technical Writer June 2017 – August 2017
LinTech Inc. Contract: Federal Aviation Administration
oProvided backup editing capabilities for contract as necessary.
o
Technical Editor June 2014 – May 2017
Dynamic Pro, Inc. Contract: U.S. Dept. of Transportation
Edited Technical Reports and Research Result Reports for the Federal Railway Administration’s Office of Research, Development, and Technology (ORD) with Microsoft Word.
Ensured that ORD documents comply with Section 508 guidelines with Adobe Acrobat Reader X’s accessibility tools.
Guided deliverables through the development workflow process via SharePoint.

Report Analyst/Technical Writer October 2013 – April 2014
Aquas, Inc. (Noridian) Contract: Maryland Health Connection
Executed daily metrics for the Maryland Health Connection in Microsoft Excel.
Performed business analyst tasks for metric-related issues in Excel.
Generated presentations for high-level Noridian executives with Microsoft PowerPoint.
Created Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) documents for the Health Connection with Microsoft Word.
Technical Writer July 2013 – September 2013
BITS Group Contract: FDA Scientific Computing
Develop and maintain documentation for FDA Scientific Computing personnel with Microsoft Word.
Take meeting minutes for bioinformatic-oriented meetings and weekly project meetings with Word.
Technical Writer September 2012 – June 2013
SoftTech Consulting Contract: Department of Labor (DoL)
Develop and maintain standard operating procedures for DoL Employment & Training Administration (ETA) Help Desk personnel with Microsoft Word.
Provide editing and writing support for training materials and other documentation as necessary.
Maintain Service Catalog and Technical Service Catalog for the ETA Help Desk with Word.
Technical Writer November 2011 – August 2012
QSSI Inc. Contract: Center for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS)
Supported the construction of the Data Services Hub, a mandate of the Affordable Care Act.
Edited Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) documents for CMS with Microsoft Word.
Edited and formatted multiple Business Service Definitions, playing a key role in supporting the Hub’s service-oriented architecture with Word.
Technical Writer/Project Coordinator November 2010 – October 2011
Ray Group International (RGI) Contract: Department of Veterans Affairs (VA)
Reviewed and edited RGI and VA deliverables for readability and adherence to style guidelines.
Maintained and tracked status of VA OIT deliverables for seven VA projects.
Helped develop and maintain a process for making deliverables compatible with VA 508 guidelines.
Software Tester/Technical Writer November 2009 - October 2010
Altron Inc. Contract: U.S. Marshals Service
Create test scripts for the Justice Detainee Information System (JDIS), a collection of U.S. Marshals Service databases that tracks prisoners and collects information on investigations.
Develop and maintain a Test Plan that defines the test procedures for each JDIS enhancement.
Perform testing as necessary.
Technical Writer February 2008 - October 2009
American Dynamics
Documented IntelliVid, a software package that controls retail CCTV systems. Responsible for the Setup Guide, the User's Guide, and related publications.
Handled documentation for the VideoEdge NVR software package (controls CCTV systems for large and small installations) and for multiple minor applications, including the Vx Server and Vx Client.
Maintained PowerPoint training presentations for the VideoEdge NVR software package.
Performed testing on the VideoEdge NVR system when necessary.
Technical Writer/Assistant Librarian February 2007 - January 2008
NCI Information Systems Contract: General Services Administration (GSA)
Documented CM library procedures and processes for the GSA Public Building Service Office of the Chief Information Officer.
Served as the backup for the Head CM Librarian and performed some daily library tasks.
Technical Editor/Librarian October 2002 – February 2007
Computer Sciences Corporation Contract: National Oceanographic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA)
Assisted and maintained the NOAA/NESDIS Technical Library in their Suitland, MD office.
Edited documents for style and worked with technical points of contact.
Helped distribute paper and electronic copies of Document Control Office (DCO) documents.

Senior Technical Writer December 2001 – September 2002
Computer Sciences Corporation Contract: National Oceanographic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA)
Worked on the Department of Justice Email Archiving Project in the company’s Herndon, VA office.
Assisted Lead Technical Writer in developing and shaping the requirements for the project and edited the raw evaluation data generated by the technical team.

Education
Master of Arts in Professional Writing Carnegie Mellon University GPA: 3.78 9/1998 -12/1999
Selected courses: Software Documentation Workshop, Professional and Technical Writing, On-Line Information Design, Communication Design Fundamentals, Desktop Publishing
Bachelor of Arts in English University of Maryland Baltimore County 9/1988 - 12/1992
Selected information: 4.0 in Journalism, staff writer on college paper for three years, summer internship at Montgomery Journal (Rockville, MD), received academic honors in Fall 1991 and Spring 1992.
Contact this candidate