Curtis Kostas
Technical Writer
aduh1f@r.postjobfree.com • 206-***-****
www.linkedin.com/in/curtis-kostas• Seattle, WA
Summary
Highly skilled detail driven technical writer and aircraft systems subject matter expert with a unique ability to synthesize complex product research and technical systems data into understandable language and graphics for proposals, publications, manuals, training materials, and stakeholder communications.
Key Proficiencies
Communications:

Content Creation, Strategic Planning, Cross Functional Team Dynamics, Contract Negotiations, Research and Data Collection, Proposal and Technical Writing, Publishing AMMs for Navigation Systems, Stakeholder and Customer Relations, Documentation Management, Data Library Development and Maintenance
Project Management:

Project Management, Electronics Engineering, Project Scheduling, Avionics Systems and Component Maintenance, Quality Assurance, Regulation and Safety Standard Compliance, Testing, Assistance, Troubleshooting, and Repair of Analog/Digital Inertial Navigation Systems.
Technical:
Microsoft Office Suite (Outlook, Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Visio, SharePoint, and Access), JIRA, Adobe Products (FrameMaker, Photoshop, Acrobat, and Illustrator), Microsoft Project, SQL, Epic Editor, Arbor text/ XML, HTML, CAD, Windchill, PLM
Career Experience
Boeing Co., Seattle, WA 2021 – Present
P-8 Retrofit & Repair Tech Specialist
Develop, plan, implement, and manage technical support activities. Generate technical documents according to delivery schedules and overall modifications. Author technical directives, installation data packages, and service bulletins. Define and clarify special engineering, tooling, and kit requirements. Track kit requirements from launch thru delivery. Ensure accuracy of inspections and repairs. Meet all regulatory and company standards and requirements.
Achieve on-time-distribution for all deliverables Q4 2022.
Attain 95% first-time quality in TD formatting, TD and Kit Accuracy, and Customer validation and verification measures.
Ensure accurate accounting based on time schedules and work variables.
Sierra Nevada Corporation, Seattle, WA 2020 – 2021
Technical Writer III
Authored operations and maintenance manuals and supplements. Researched and wrote Air Force technical orders (TO) on Military Aircraft Systems. Reviewed and modified existing technical orders. Designed graphic documentation including engineering drawings, block and wire diagrams, schematics, and CAD drawings. Built collaborative partnerships to prepare technical documents, test plans, procedural strategies, and Contract Data Requirement Lists (CDRL).
Authored, reviewed, and delivered 30 operations and maintenance manuals and TOs in 9 months.
Streamlined data library collection procedures to maintain and update extensive data library.
Mitsubishi Aircraft Corporation – America, Seattle, WA 2018 – 2020
Technical Publications Engineer
Composed Component Maintenance Manuals/Publications (CMM/Ps) for Mitsubishi Regional Jet (MRJ) including electro-mechanical, wire harness, and structural assemblies. Led related research and data collection for all project documentation. Analyzed data accuracy for publications. Ensured technical and safety standards in all compliance reporting training protocols. Consulted operators on all product improvements, engineering design changes, and airworthiness directive (AD) mandated design changes.
Led, oversaw, and mentored team members.
Wrote and published 32 consumer Component Maintenance Manuals and publications (CMM/Ps) in 2019.
Inspected and evaluated 90 supplier (CMM/Ps) in 2019 for precision, integrity, and accuracy.
Boeing Co., – Seattle, WA 2018 – 2020
Quality Assurance Inspector, Operational Testing
Monitored operational and functional aircraft systems testing for all P-8 aircraft. Enforced operational engineering regulations and requirements to meet FAA certification standards. Upheld exceptional compliance and quality standards for content accuracy and inspection purposes. Partnered with Quality Assurance team to develop corrective product resolutions and preventative actions. Engineered process improvement strategies to communicate to stakeholders and deliver positive results.
Supported customers with 5 replacement engines to meet company consumer commitment.
Recognized for meeting safety standards and on-time delivery of EBIE tool.
Piloted SES Cart modifications from strategic planning and kit development, to launch, and final customer delivery.
Organized QA support shop for three small craft aircrafts.
Power Plant Assembler, Manufacturing 2015 - 2018
Assembled and installed electrical components, pneumatic ducting, engine mounts, and environmental equipment for all 737 aircraft models. Analyzed critical data to formulate corrective strategies. Liaised with FAA, QA, and airline customers on all process improvements and corrective manufacturing specifications prior to aircraft delivery.
Received Accomplishment Award for meeting quality standards and targeted unit hours for 737 Engine Build Up (EBU) June 2016.
Received Accomplishment Award for unit time hours (NG/P8) July 2016.
Received Accomplishment Award for supporting three small crew aircraft April 2018.
Project Manager/Technical Writer 2006 – 2015
Supervised project plans and guided execution from initial request to completion. Assessed up to $5M government proposals. Hired and contracted vendors and subcontractors. Estimated contract budgets and bids. Headed up purchasing, scheduling, and employee relations. Oversaw all supply chain management protocols. Generated positive stakeholder communications through establishing strategic company and organizational initiatives with clear concise messaging. Charted project details via detailed documentation to ensure timely completion.
Devised post-project risk mitigation strategies to build strong solutions and improve future performance.
Supported F-22 CCP320 NDI Organic Capability FSMP, while ensuring the accurate and timely delivery of structural maintenance evaluations.
Executed the F22 CCP-320 NDI Organic Capability three-year effort to reduce maintenance cost and increase in Air Vehicle availability
Received Achievement Award for Outstanding Work on F-22 SES Cart Modifications September 2011.
Received Achievement Award for supporting F-22 CCP 320 NDI Organic Capability FSMP May 2015.
Education
Associate of Applied Science (AAS) Electronics
DeVry University, Phoenix, AZ
Professional Training
S1000D Specification Training– Logistics Business Systems– Seattle, WA
Licenses & Certifications
Technical Writing – Portland Community College – Portland, OR
Security Clearance
Secret-level clearance, active (April 2021–present)
Contact this candidate