THERESA STRAWSER
• ***** MAGGIE PLACE • OREGON CITY, OREGON 97045•
• PHONE 503-***-**** •
• EMAIL: adupvj@r.postjobfree.com •
EXPERIENCE
CABLOFIL, INC. MASCOUTAH, ILLINOIS, JANUARY 2001-DECEMBER 2005
● Product Development Engineer
Designed improvements to our patented stainless steel wire mesh cable tray product line.
Led development team in design and electrical testing of new splices and tray accessories.
Special Projects: As Cablofil’s engineer for cable tray installation for new Navy ship construction in Gulfport, Mississippi, I made product materials modifications custom to this project, in order to closely adhere to maritime requirements and safety considerations for the military’s onboard electrical equipment.
● Electrical Testing Engineer for new products (Paris, France and Mascoutah, Illinois)
Worked closely with Paris-based engineering team to plan grounding tests for new products, periodically traveled to Paris lab to conduct these tests.
Participated in local testing projects in St. Louis, Missouri.
● NEC and Standards (UL, CSA, and others) Engineer
Reviewed periodic changes proposed to electrical codes and standards with an unbiased peer group of other manufacturers of cable tray management systems.
Worked with Underwriters Laboratories, Canadian Standards Association, and other industry authorities when electrical codes first mandated the labeling of each piece of electrical equipment, designed Cablofil’s product labels to meet these standards, which are still in place today.
● Applications Engineer: I interpreted project specifications and contract plans, submitted bills of materials and pricing estimates for sales proposals.
● Drafter (AutoCad)
● Technical Writer for trade magazines
● Served on Trade Committees with other manufacturers to represent the Cable Tray Industry in the community.
● Engineering Liaison for Cablofil’s Marketing, Sales, and Manufacturing Teams, this included working remotely with our State and Regional Sales Managers on technical questions, retrofitting materials, and meeting NEC requirements on-site.
U.S. FILTER / STRANCO PRODUCTS BRADLEY, ILLINOIS, JANUARY 2000-DECEMBER 2001 Applications Engineer and Estimator (January 2000-June 2001) Independent Contractor (June 2001-December 2001)
Responsibilities included:
Interpreting engineers’ specifications and contract plans in order to prepare budgetary or firm estimates for both municipal and industrial sales proposals.
Establishing and maintaining relationships with international networks of Stranco’s representatives, and working directly with engineering firms and contractors nationwide on design-phase and bidding projects.
Utilizing application expertise through preliminary design phases in order to develop a project into a direct equipment purchase order for Stranco.
Aiding project managers, Auto-CAD drafters, product managers, and Stranco’s production shop in project completion for both the municipal and the industrial realms.
I organized and implemented Stranco’s mass shift of our method of obtaining project information from Microfiche and printed specifications to Internet downloading and CD archiving, a conversion that was completed in only six weeks.
I became the official contact for the Australia headquarters of U.S. Filter / Stranco Products.
I modified existing product engineering manuals and electronic documentation to incorporate vital design changes and improvements.
As Stranco’s Engineering Department’s first independent contractor, I continued my duties as Applications Engineer and Estimator on a long-distance basis from my new home in O’Fallon, Illinois. 1999 Olivet Nazarene University Engineering Department Kankakee, IL
Teaching assistant, laboratory assistant and mentor to Electrical and Mechanical Engineering students.
Graded projects and corrected assignments for Electrical Engineering courses. 1996-2000 WONU Radio Kankakee, IL
Music Director, Assistant Program Director, and On-Air Host
Selected music and programmed library for Chicagoland radio station (weekly cume 64,000).
Maintained contacts with national record labels and reviewed music for trade magazines.
Hosted drive time on the air and reported news, traffic and weather for morning show.
Trained new technical and vocal talent and represented WONU at events and international radio seminars. EDUCATION
1996–2000 Olivet Nazarene University Kankakee, IL
Bachelor of Science (ABET-accredited) in Electrical Engineering, May 2000. Minors in Broadcasting/Speech Communication and Music.
Coursework included Digital Electronic Circuits, Electrical Circuit Analysis, Analog Circuit Design, Signal Processing, Automatic Controls, and Computational Engineering (C++, MatLAB, and LabVIEW). While at Olivet:
I earned the Olivet Scholar Award, represented the Senior Class in the Engineering Society, and was Editor of Olivet’s Engineering Department monthly newsletter,The Innovator. 2
Contact this candidate