Career Summary:

Experienced senior technical writer using excellent communication skills, both verbal and written. Proven record for developing technical documentation from draft copy to finished publication. Working independently or in a team environment with minimal or no direct supervision meeting deadlines. Efficiently handling multiple priorities. Full responsibility for authoring service and maintenance manuals, operator’s manuals, technical bulletins, and brochures for commercial, medical, and military applications. Authored three independent Style Guides for company clients making sure their publications were consistent using common industry standards.
Additional experience includes technical illustration, experience in validation/verification of technical documents, and editing for Interactive Electronic Technical Manuals (IETMs). Working directly with subject matter experts (SMEs), engineering personnel and technical advisers to research and collect appropriate source data required to compile technical documents. Work with outside vendors, when necessary, to make sure final production of technical documents is delivered on time.

Qualifications and Skills:

Software proficiency in Microsoft Office 2020, Microsoft VISIO 2007, Adobe Acrobat DC, Adobe Illustrator CC 2022, Adobe PhotoShop CC 2022, Adobe FrameMaker CC 2020, Quicksilver 3.5 (Interleaf) and usage of CAD software (SolidWorks, Pro-E) to extract basic drawings to be converted into technical illustrations using Adobe Illustrator and other vector-based drawing programs.

Professional Experience:

Additional Contract Services(ACS) (an Adecco Company), Billerica, MA Contract Technical Writer/Illustrator, Overland Park, KS 09/2015 to Present
Member of a team providing a technical manual suite for U.S. Air Force contract for a Deployable Instrument Landing System (D-ILS). Provided new technical Illustrations to support these manuals. Adobe Illustrator CC used for creation of technical artwork.
Create extensive Illustrated Parts Breakdown (IPB) for Field-Level Maintenance Manual by converting SolidWorks CAD Models to editable vector technical drawings using Adobe Illustrator.
Currently working from home since March 2020, due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
Self Employed, Belleville, IL – Contract Sr. Technical Writer/Illustrator 07/2015 to 09/2015
Research and create service manuals and operating instructions for manufacturing companies concentrating usage of technical writing and technical illustration.
Mac-Medical, Belleville, IL – Techni-Power, Roswell, GA – Contract Sr. Technical Writer /Technical Illustrator 11/2014 to 07/2015
Research and create service manuals and operating instructions for a manufacturer of medical furniture and equipment. Software used: Adobe FrameMaker XI, Adobe Illustrator CS6. CAD artwork from SolidWorks models was converted into vector illustrations then combined with the publications.
Mark Andy, Inc., Chesterfield, MO – Writing Assistance, Plymouth, MN – Contract Sr. Technical Writer/Technical Illustrator 06/2013 to 08/2014
Research and create a service manual for a next generation 10-color Web Press manufactured by Mark Andy, Inc. Manuals created with Adobe FrameMaker XI using Illustrations created with Adobe Illustrator CS6.
Carrier Corporation (a United Technologies Company), Indianapolis, IN – AEGIS International, Indianapolis, IN – Contract Sr. Technical Writer/Technical Illustrator 10/2011 to 10/2012
Research and update service and maintenance manuals for Carrier and Bryant small commercial rooftop air conditioning units and rooftop mounted heat pumps, ensuring the latest engineering data is included as well as updating safety precautions to current ANSI specifications and updating outdated illustrations.
Manuals were created and updated using QuickSilver (InterLeaf) 3.5 software. Technical illustrations created and updated using Adobe Illustrator CS6 software.
Jet Aviation, St. Louis (a General Dynamics Company), Cahokia, IL – ENTEGEE (an Adecco Company), Andover, MA – Contract Sr. Technical Writer 10/2012 to 06/2013
Research and update service and maintenance manuals for corporate aircraft serviced and maintained by Jet Aviation.
Authored Technical Publications Style Guide for use within the Technical Publications Department.
Authoring software used is Adobe FrameMaker 10 and graphics created using Adobe Illustrator CS6 and Adobe PhotoShop CS6.
Used ATA Specifications 2200 (iSpec 2200) and ASD-STE100 as style guides for authoring documentation using Simplified English in compliance with the worldwide business aircraft standards.
Force Protection (a General Dynamics Company), Ladson, SC – CADstar International, Andover, MA – Contract Sr. Technical Writer 06/2011 to 10/2011
Technical Writer Liaison for Validation/Verification for vehicle maintenance manuals for the Buffalo MRAP vehicle built for the USMC. Maintenance procedures written in the technical manuals were verified by comparison to an actual vehicle.
Manuals were for the USMC Buffalo Mine Resistant Ambush Protected (MRAP) vehicle.
Manuals were created using Adobe FrameMaker 7.2 (structured) software.
A123 Systems, Inc. Chesterfield, MO – Pace Staffing, Maryland Heights, MO Contract Sr Technical Writer 11/2010 to 06/2011
Contract Technical Writer authoring a Software Users Guide for HMI software for Battery Backup System for Power Grid Sustainment System. This manual described the step-by-step operations for the HMI software
Authored an Operator’s Manual for installing the Power Grid Sustainment System hardware needed to interface with the HMI software. This manual provided installation of the hardware in the battery backup facility on-site with the power grid equipment.
Manuals were created using Adobe FrameMaker 9.0 software. Adobe Illustrator CS5 and Photoshop CS5 were used for graphics.
Force Protection (a General Dynamics Company), Ladson, SC – CADstar International, Andover, MA – Contract Sr. Technical Writer 03/2010 to 11/2010
Technical Writer Liaison for Validation/Verification for vehicle maintenance manuals for the Buffalo MRAP vehicle built for the USMC. Maintenance procedures written in the technical manuals were verified by comparison to an actual vehicle.
Manuals were for the USMC Buffalo Mine Resistant Ambush Protected (MRAP) vehicle.
Manuals were created using Adobe FrameMaker 7.2 (structured) software.
Freelance Senior Technical Writer, Lake Saint Louis, MO 11/2009 to 03/2010
Authored service, maintenance, and installation manuals for various clients using virtual writing technology from a remote location. (Clients Confidential)
Al-jon Incorporated, Ottumwa, IA – GGS Information Services, York, PA – Contract Sr. Technical Writer/Technical Illustrator 10/2007 to 11/2009
Contract Technical Writer authoring and updating service and maintenance manuals for a manufacturer of Landfill Compactors for the solid waste industry and Car Baler /Loggers for the scrap metal industry.
Provided technical illustrations (SolidWorks to Adobe Illustrator) supporting writing efforts for service and maintenance manuals. The manuals were created using FrameMaker 9 software.
The Boeing Company, St. Louis, MO – GGS Information Services, York PA – Contract Sr. Technical Writer/Technical Illustrator 10/2007 to 11/2009
Researched and updated schematic wiring diagrams for the AV-8B VTOL aircraft for the Spanish Air force.
Off-site location providing writing and graphics support for military clients of GGS Information Services.
Developed Work Packages using the guidelines of MIL-STD-40051-2.
Work packages were created using QuickSilver (InterLeaf) 3.0 software.
American LaFrance, Summerville, SC – GGS Information Services, York PA – Contract Sr. Technical Writer/Technical Illustrator 10/2007 to 11/2009
Updated service manuals for the Condor line of medium to heavy duty truck cab/chassis vehicles used as platforms for the sanitation and construction industries.
Service manuals were updated using Adobe FrameMaker 7.2 software for the technical writing and Adobe Illustrator CS for the graphics.
Protected Vehicles, Inc. (PVI), North Charleston, SC– Sr. Technical Writer
03/2007 to 10/2007
Authored maintenance and operator’s manuals for the Golan Mine Resistant Ambush Protected (MRAP) vehicles developed for the U.S. Army.
Manuals created using MIL-STD-40051-2 guidelines. Adobe FrameMaker 7.2 and QuickSilver 3.0 software used for technical writing.
General Electric Turbine Systems, Salem, VA. Adecco Technical, Greenville, NC – Contract Sr. Technical Writer 03/2005 to 08/2005
Revised and updated technical manuals for turbine engine commercial power plants.
Authored operations manual for installing a modular power supply into the control system for a turbine engine used to create electrical power.
Global Surgical Corporation, St. Louis, MO – Sr. Technical Writer 05/2000 to 03/2005
This was a telecommute position and all work was performed at a remote location.
Authored and illustrated service, maintenance, and operator’s manuals for a manufacturer of dental microscopes, patient chairs, and supply cabinets.
Technical documents created using QuickSilver (formerly Interleaf 7) software.
Technical Illustrations created using QuickSilver’s built-in graphics software.
Bausch & Lomb, Inc. (formerly Storz Instrument Company), St. Louis, MO
Sr. Technical Writer/Graphic Artist 10/1996 to 01/2003
Responsible for all electronic publishing for operator’s manuals, Directions for Use (DFUs), labeling, and package design for ophthalmic micro-surgical systems and disposable surgical packs use in treatment of eye disorders.
Implemented standards for all electronic publications translated into 12 languages using Interleaf (now QuickSilver) software in compliance with the Federal Drug Administration (FDA) and the European Community (CE).
Additional Professional Experience (details available upon request)
Winfield Advertising Agency, Clayton, MO 06/1990 to 06/1993
Charles L. Crain Graphics, St. Louis, MO 06/1983 to 10/1996
St. Louis Community College at Florissant Valley, St. Louis, MO 06/1979 to 06/1981
McDonnell Douglas Corporation, St. Louis, MO 06/1968 to 06/1983

Education
Southern Illinois University, Carbondale, IL 08/1966 to 06/1968 Major: Commercial Art Minor: Technical Illustration
Under-Graduate Degree: Associates in Art (Graduated in June, 1968)

Achievements
•.A member of a technical publications group that created a single flow through electrical schematic that traced wiring from source to ending applications. This style of schematic was adopted by the USAF and the USN as the primary type of schematic for use all their aircraft-related technical publications.
•.Awarded the prestigious McDonnell Douglas Teammate of Distinction Award. This award was presented for excellent design, construction, and graphic displays for corporate conference rooms highlighting both the Harpoon and Cruise Missile programs.
•.Evening instructor at the St. Louis Community College at Florissant Valley (in St. Louis County MO) for both Technical Illustration I and Technical Illustration III. These two programs covered the basics through advanced creation of technical illustrations. During my time there, I was able to assist five of my students start careers with corporations such as McDonnell Douglas, Emerson Electric, and Westinghouse.
Software
Operating Systems: Windows 10, 11
Authoring: Adobe FrameMaker 2023, QuickSilver 3.5 (formerly Interleaf 7), Microsoft Office Suite 2023
Graphics: Adobe Creative Suite CS20 (Adobe Illustrator 2023, Adobe Photoshop 2023), VISIO
CAD Software: SolidWorks used to extract technical illustrations from 3D Models using eDrawings viewer and Adobe Illustrator 2020.
Reference Publications
MIL-STD-40051-2 – Page-Based Technical Manuals
MIL-HDBK-3001 – Style/Format for U.S. Navy Work Package Technical Manuals
ASD-STE 1000D – Simplified Technical English
The New Oxford Style Manual – For Technical Writing
IEEE 315-1975 – Standard Symbols for Schematic Diagrams
2016 Government Printing Office (GPO) Manual of Style guide
Contact this candidate