Dennis B. Kosydar
* ****** ***** ****, *******, NH 03110
Phone: 603-***-**** (cell) Email: adv3jt@r.postjobfree.com Education Southern New Hampshire University, Manchester, NH M.B.E., Masters in Business Education
B.S., Bachelor’s in Management, Magna Cum Laude
University of Massachusetts, North Dartmouth, MA
Bachelor of Arts in Management degree program
United States Army/Army Reserve, Southeastern Signal School, Fort Gordon, Augusta, GA
Communications Specialist, Honorable Discharge
Skills Quality Assurance, Instructor/Trainer, RapidInsight with Veera Construct, MS Excel and Access, Project Management and Project Leadership, SQL, Oracle, Crystal Reports, COBOL, IDMS, HTML, Javascript, Decision Support Management on Data Warehouse
“front-end” reporting tools, Business Objects, Cognos Powerhouse, Systems Analysis and Design, Training, Documentation and Technical writer Awards
Received STAR (Service, Technology & Action with Results) award from Bill Rogers DOIT Commissioner and CIO. Award recognizes DoIT people who continually “go the extra mile” for customer satisfaction. (May 2011).
Promoted from SDS IV to SDS VI in January, 2010.
Received Outstanding Service to State of NH certificate” from Governor Lynch at the State House for Online Driver License Renewal (ODLR) project work (Dec 2010).
Work Experience
2006 – Dec 2022 State of New Hampshire
Department of Health and Human Services-
Office of Quality Assurance and Improvement, Concord, NH (Jan 2017-Dec 2022) Position: Business Analyst I (part-time)
Systems/Data Analysis and report on DHHS data using RapidInsight, MS Excel and Access
Create monthly and ad-hoc statewide reports of mental health info from data submitted by Community Mental Health Centers.
Department of Information Technology, Concord, NH (2007 – 2017) Position: Systems Development Specialist VI
Train new hires on required tasks.
Technical Lead role on Medical Certificate and Electronic Citation projects.
Project Leader and technical lead on new Voter Id card project.
Project Leader and technical lead on 3-wheel Motorcycle (Trike) project.
Technical lead role on Online Driver License Renewal (ODLR)project and Project Leader and technical lead on Online Ticket Payment OTP) project. Dennis B. Kosydar – Page 2
Team member on Mainframe System supporting COBOL/IDMS applications for the Dept. of Safety including: Driver Licensing, Organ Donor, Youth Operator Suspensions, and Online Driver Licensing.
Support Prolaw software application at the Dept. of Justice using SQL and MS SQL Server databases/tables.
Develop test scripts and conduct training sessions for ProLaw. Department of Education, Bureau of Data Management Concord, NH (2006-2007) Position: Education Consultant
Team member on Longitudinal Data System (LDS) grant proposal project for the design and implementation of a statewide longitudinal data system. These grants are intended to help the states generate and use accurate and timely data to meet reporting requirements, support decision-making, and aid education research. The proposal resulted in a $3.2 million federal grant.
Create various internal and external district and state reports using SQL and MS SQL Server databases/tables.
Initial State Project Leader on Performance Pathways assessments project
Developed and maintained the Bureau of Data Management’s Data Request Form. Responsible for reviewing, appraising, prioritizing, assigning/completing data requests.
Help ensure that SAU’s, Districts, and Schools submit accurate and timely data to the State
Provide progress reports to Field Support personnel detailing submission data
Define data elements, create/maintain tables for SLED (Student Level Education Database)
Member of i4see (Initiative for School Empowerment and Excellence) team
State member of SIFA (School’s Interoperability Framework Association)
Attend SIFA conferences and training sessions
2005 – 2018 Seacoast Career Schools and Salter School of Nursing, Manchester, NH Position: Adjunct Faculty Instructor
Medical Computer Skills, MS Word, Access, Excel, Powerpoint, Math and English, Personal Computer Skills, Career Planning and Development. Previously taught at:
Southern New Hampshire University, Manchester, Salem, and Nashua, NH Hesser College, Manchester, Salem, Nashua, and Concord, NH Franklin Pierce College, Salem, and Nashua, NH
Career Development, Medical Computer Skills, Intro to Data Processing, Computer Programming, Computer Technology, Systems Analysis and Design, Microsoft Applications
Contact this candidate