Jason T. Sparks,
Professional Writer & Editor
**** ******** ****
Nashville, TN 37216
advbj7@r.postjobfree.com
615-***-****
Creative, tenacious, versatile writing professional with extensive experience developing and editing written content on a wide range of topics, and editing content created by others. Skilled at web content creation as well as print and broadcast content creation. Talented at synthesizing information into content targeted at any audience. Experience in writing about a broad range of subjects, in an equally broad range of styles, and, if presented with content and/or style I have not previously attempted, will gladly welcome—and rise to—the challenge.
Core Competencies
Web Content Writing – Informational Articles – Press Releases – Advertising Copy – Social Media Content – Ghostwriting – News/Features Journalism – Technical Writing – Editing – Proofreading – Research – Mentoring/Teaching Writing
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Social Media Director, SkyDogCon (Feb. 2013—Oct. 2013)
Creating social media content (Facebook, Twitter) for IT security hacker/maker conference located in Nashville, TN. At times, Facebook content has reached as many as 1700 people, Twitter content has reached as many as 11,000. Also creating e-mailed newsletters for the con, and wrote/performed copy for radio commercial for the con.
Nashville Radio Examiner, Examiner.com (Apr. 2010—present)
Writing content specific to events and developments in radio specific to Nashville, TN, creating profiles of each station available on FM and AM, will also expand to HAM, relay, etc.
Technical Writer, Healthcare Management Systems (July—Oct. 2012)
Edited content of online instruction manuals for software utilized by hopitals. Updated these manuals to keep them consistent with current iterations of software.

Technical Writer, State of Tennessee, Department of Human Services (Oct. 2006—Apr.2007)
Wrote, edited, and revised client benefit information notices, also helped to revise online benefits application, policy manuals, benefit public awareness campaigns, helped create editorial standards for all written communications, internal or external, for State DHS.
Freelance Writer/Trainer, Sparksworks Writing and Editorial (June 1992—present)
Wrote and edited for Plants, Sites, and Parks (national business magazine), The Nashville Scene and Sidelines (newspapers), Off The Wall (anthology), Opryland Hotel Magazine, Brentwood Magazine, Pueblo Magazine, Glasgow Magazine, Henderson Magazine (public relations features), Signature (summer supplement--also served as editor), Nashville Today, Belle Meade News, West Side News, Green Hills News, Nashville Jobs, West Meade News (newspapers), Children’s Teacher (education magazine), and more. At above-mentioned Sidelines, was also involved in editing and layout using QuarkXpress, as well as making editorial/content decisions.
ADDITIONAL EXPERIENCE
Faculty Instructor, University of Phoenix (July 2004—April 2006)
Teaching core Communications and Humanities classes for a diverse body of non-traditional, adult learners.
Full-Time Adjunct College Instructor (4-6 classes per semester), Volunteer State Community College, Nashville State Technical Institute, Vanderbilt University (Aug. 1999—Dec. 2001)
Created and implemented group exercises, interesting presentations, debate forums, and discussion topics designed to improve/develop skills in grammar, rhetorical expression, gave instruction on workplace communication, including composition of business correspondence, faxes, e-mail, and both traditional and Internet research strategies, taught Composition, Argumentation, ESL, DSE, RSE, and Intro to Theatre and Film.
EDUCATION
Bachelor of Science in Mass Communications, Middle Tennessee State University
Master of Arts in English, Middle Tennessee State University
Master of Science in Mass Communications, Middle Tennessee State University
Contact this candidate