Summary of Experience
*+Years of experience as a Certified Tableau Developer, SQL Developer/Report Analyst, QA Analyst in the Health Care Industry.
Worked closely with product development /Program management Team to implement Agile Methodologies and Implemented Agile Methodology across QA department.
Good experience in working on the reports and dashboards built on Tableau Server/Desktop.
As a Tableau Administrator, specializing in Server Worker Nodes Installation & Configuration. Setting up Tableau Primary and Worker Nodes(Drivers, Patches, command Line utilities, etc).
Administered user, user groups and scheduled instances for reports in Tableau. Involved in installation of Tableau Desktop and Tableau Server application software.
Strong Experience in using AWS services like S3. Experience in provisioning AWS (Amazon Web Services) instances as well as processing the claims using AWS servers.
Experience in cost estimation of monthly billing for the AWS Instance usage.
Very good experience on creating, scheduling workflows in ALTERYX.
Good exposure to Hive database and Scala scripting to automate daily reports.
Worked on Tableau Migration project to Big Data (BDPasS Environment) using Spark Server.
Experience in automating Daily tasks using UiPath.
Extensive knowledge on SQL. Conducted Custom SQL reviews with the team and tested Tableau reports and SSRS reports against the database.
Good knowledge on the Machine Learning and Symmetry data and how the data is interpreted using BI tools like Tableau.
Profound knowledge of clinical terminologies and data standards (e.g., ICD 9, ICD 10, LOINC, SNOMED CT)
Experience in API testing using POSTMAN.
Involved in testing Web services with SOAP UI.
Good knowledge on the generation of 837,834, 820, 274 xml’s as well as 834 X12’s.
Good experience in the successful implementation of Automation Test Framework.
Ability to work under pressure and simultaneously on multiple assignments.
Experience with database testing using Microsoft SQL Server, ORACLE and Mark Logic.
Practiced thorough review process including Peer review, Technical Writer review and QMO reviews following CMMI standards.
Educational Background
Bachelor of Science
JNU
2009
Technologies, Skills and Tools
Skills/Tools: Tableau Server/Desktop 10.5, SSMS(Microsoft SQL Management Studio),SSRS, Alteryx, MS Visio, MS Office Suite, SQL, MS SQL, Firebug, Visual Basic, Visio,ORACLE, UFT, SOAPUI, MS Project, CALT, ALM 11.0, RALLY, SharePoint, Bugzilla,JIRA and Version 1.
Databases: MS Access, Microsoft SQL server, Mark Logic, Oracle SQL server.

Applicable Work Experience
NYDSS April 2019-Present
Tableau Developer/Sr.Software Engineer Columbia, MD

Working for VACCN (Veterans Affairs Community Care Network) project as a Report Analyst. The Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) is committed to providing eligible Veterans with the care they need when and where they need through this program.
Currently working on COVID-19 reporting which includes Tableau Daily Dashboards to be reported on daily basis to the government. Includes KPI’s like $Actual Testing, $Actual Treatment, $Actual Vaccine, etc. Using Big Data environment with Scala scripts to automate the Daily Reporting jobs.
As a Tableau Admin, involved in Tableau Desktop, Tableau Server 2020.1 version.
Extensively used Tabadmin and Tabcmd commands in creating backups and restoring backups of Tableau Repository.
Created different variety of Tableau Dashboards with visualizations like Bubble chart, Area chart, Line graphs, Dual Axis charts, Tabular views, Top 10 charts, Bar graphs, Trend graphs, KPI Metrics, etc. along with Multiple filters to make it user friendly.
Created Tableau Dashboards using multiple Data Sources like Apache Spark Thrift Server, Microsoft SQL Server, Tableau Online, Excels, CSV, Alteryx Data Sources.
Created both LIVE dashboards and Tableau Extracts based on the need from the Client.
Experience with utilizing scripting languages to leverage Tableau APIs. Implemented Row Level security for the Tableau Dashboards and used various advanced table calculations for the dashboards.
Extensive knowledge on AWS Services-S3 utilizing Json files from S3 bucket to download and parse them using ALTERYX.
Created Tableau LOD calculations, Date Parameters, Legends, filters, Sliders on multiple reports
Lead the efforts on Tableau Migration to Big Data (BDPasS Environment) using Spark Server. Configured tableau to Spark server to fetch the data from the Hive tables.
Experience in developing ETL solutions using Spark SQL in Azure Databricks for Data Extraction, Transformation and Aggregation from multiple file formats and data sources.
Started implementing SNOWFLAKE Data share as per the Client Request.
Experience creating queries, driver scripts using Scala scripting for Daily Reporting and automation.
Developed reports using TABLEAU, ALTERYX and SQL scripts as part of daily job activities.
Scheduling and Maintaining Tableau dashboards based on the Client requirements which involved hourly, Daily, Weekly and Monthly Dashboard refreshes, Data reloads into SQL Database using Alteryx flows.
Well versed in Alteryx tool which involves creating, maintaining, scheduling flows every day.
Extensive knowledge about 837’s COB and 835’s and Referrals along with Invoicing, PMPM, Remittance cycles between Optum PGBA and VA (Veteran’s Affairs).
Gather requirements from the Business Owners on daily basis since this is a new and evolving project, to develop the reports using Tableau and SQL.
Reports are demoed to the team, Business Owners and other counterparts for the feedback and approval.
Worked on claims data to develop SQL reports for the Clinical Quality Management team for HEDIS (Healthcare Effectiveness Data and Information Set) using extensive SQL scripting.
Good knowledge of Claims data and Claims Processing-Institutional, Professional, Dental and Pharmacy claims (837I and 837P).
Developed a Tableau Dashboard for Payment Integrity Team to check the payments, adjustments on 835’s (Paid and Denied claims), Overpayments and Recoupments.
Extensive knowledge about Provider data which includes NPI, TIN, PIMS Network, Provider affiliations, etc.
Extensively used ICD 9, ICD 10, LONIC, HCPCS, CPT, POS, SNOMED codes in developing the SQL queries.
Involved in developing dashboards for Appointment Scheduling team.
Participated in extensive End-to-End UAT testing before the Go-live.
Develop and Publish Tableau reports for various trains like Referrals, Enrollment and Eligibility, etc. using Tableau Desktop and server 10.5.
Built extensive Alteryx workflows to manipulate data to make it best suited for Tableau reporting.
Used Alteryx workflows to export/import data from the SQL server.
Attended Daily Stand-ups, Sprint Planning, Sprint Demo sessions and discussions with Business Owners on the requirements.
Held Deep-Dive sessions with the Senior Management, Business Owners, SME’s and other counterparts to finalize the requirements to prevent multiple iterations.
Performed Data Mapping for each report with the help of Data Repository team to identify the right information to build the reports and develop SQL scripts.

HAPPIEST MINDS. Nov 2018-April 2019
SQL Developer La Crosse, WI
Logistics Health Incorporated (LHI) has created a proprietary software-MedNet, a comprehensive health services management and processing system to specifically handle Healthcare business. MedNet was released in 2005 and has been evolving since its initial release. MedNet replaced several other systems and gives LHI the backbone to grow into the future.
The solution integrates provider management, referral and prior authorization management, and claims processing allowing program specific payment rules to be applied through easily modified configuration files instead of through software programming
Participated and conducted sessions with the Users (Client), Business Analyst and Dev team.
All the reports are being built using Microsoft SQL server (SSRS) and involved in reviewing the SQL code with the Developer.
Experience in Data Extraction, Transformation and loading of Data from multiple data sources into target databases, using Azure Databricks, Azure SQL.
Developed queries using SnowSQL. In-Depth knowledge of SNOWFLAKE Database, schema and table architecture.
VersionOne is an internal application management Tool being used at LHI. All the Backlog Items (BLI’s) will be maintained and tracked within Version 1.
Test Scripts are developed and maintained within Version 1 tool.
Involved in testing the internal LHI web applications like RoboHead and CAR.
Attended every day scrum calls and JAD sessions with the team members.

Hearst communication Aug 2017-Dec 2018
Tableau Developer/Data Analyst Columbia, MD
Worked for a Project OPA (Optum Performance Analytics) for HHS under Optum. This project was developed to minimally bring Optum Analytic Services to parity from a user experience standpoint and build the necessary analytic services capabilities, across the HHS enterprise that will provide Optum with the competitive edge in the HHS analytics market.
Involved in testing different interactive reports and dashboards built using Tableau server 10.5. Varieties of reports includes-Opioid Utilization, Enrollment, Provider/Member, Forecasting, Trending and reports built on Analytical Tool-R.
Hands-on experience on Search, Analytics and AI Drive analytics using ThoughtSpot.
Configuring SAML Authentication and Data Integration using ThoughtSpot.
Installing and configuring ThoughtSpot.
Mobile deployment of ThoughtSpot Dashboards.
Participated and involved in Custom SQL Review session along with the Product Owner, Business Analyst and Dev team.
Involved in testing the Oracle Database upgrades.
Involved in the discussion of Symmetry Data Processing along with testing the database tables built on Symmetry Data.
Involved in testing the MACHINE LEARNING database tables along with the reports built using the Machine Learning Data.
Involved in testing different Opioid KPI’s built with the help of OPTUM Rx Data.
Brainstorm ideas on what to include in views/dashboards from the data source.
Interacted and tested the views/dashboards that include- Scatter plots, box plates, Area Maps, Geo Maps, Bar charts, Donut charts, line charts etc.
Worked on Slide-out Filters built on JAVA and HTML that interact with the tableau reports to fetch different sets of data as per the Client needs.
All the Tableau reports interact with the LIFERAY system which acts as the portal to be delivered to the client.
Developed SQL scripts on daily basis to test the data displayed on the Tableau Reports.
Developed test scripts and managed them in RALLY.
RALLY was also used for defect tracking, test management along with everyday task management.
Participated in Sprint planning session every 3 months and estimated efforts /timelines for the project.
Attended every day scrum calls and JAD sessions with the team members.

Siemens Mar 2013 – Aug 2017
Testing Specialist Columbia, MD
Lead the testing effort for all the increments of OPEN ENROLLMENT 2015 which involves the “OFFLINE INCOME VERIFICATION” process and Batch AUTO RE ENOLLMENT process along with associated 834’s.
Acted as Point of Contact for End-to-End testing of the OPEN ENROLLMENT activities with HUB and IRS and reported all the testing activities to CMS/CCIIO on daily basis.
Lead the testing effort for the increments in the FINANCIAL MANAGEMENT module for the implementation of new server system called “EDGE SERVER” for MEDICAL, PHARMACY, ENROLLEE and SUPPLEMENTAL CLAIM processing using AWS servers.
Involved in testing the RISK ADJUSTMENT, REINSURANCE calculations along with testing all the associated reports.
Good knowledge on the generation of 834, 820, 274 xml’s as well as 834 X12’s.
Involved in testing the “Eligibility Rules” for APTC, CSR, MAG Medicaid, NON- MAGI Medicaid and Unassisted Applications.
Involved in testing through different channels like Broker/Assister, Direct Enrollment, and CCR.
Lead the testing effort in testing the crosswalk for 2015.
Involved in testing the 1095-A forms for the year 2014 with HUB and IRS (Internal Revenue Service).
Experience in XML, XSD, X-Query and X-Path.
Good experience in Web Services testing using SOAP UI tool.
Experience in API testing using POSTMAN tool.
Extensive use of SQL queries in the Oracle database to check all the tables for the claim processing and 820 file generation.
Managing testing team assigned on PROD issues and daily release notes.
Provided evidence files templates and ensures QA Team maintains well organized records of test results and generates evidence analysis of test results.
Extensive use of HP ALM for test execution, defect tracking and QA related reports creation.
Assign testing tasks and conduct functional testing on Account Transfer.
Accountable for tracking projects, planning work efforts, and managing team resources.
Create test plans and strategies to validate successful creation of Test data Templates.
Identify and log defects if/when a test fails, if necessary.
Provide feedback regarding requirements documentation for incomplete/un-testable requirements.
Work with the project/Business and technical teams to coordinate all defects found during the Testing phase/UAT and handling/Monitoring production checkouts activities.
Review the overall summary and PRR Deck before every release GO LIVE from QA stand point.
Contact this candidate