Gregory Fuhrman
advrv6@r.postjobfree.com • 817-***-****
LinkedIn URL • Plano, TX 75023
Technical Writer
Dynamic and growth-focused professional with substantial experience in creating insightful and engaging content in compliance with set writing standards.
Proven success in formulating technical publications, designing workflow, and executing improvement plans. Well-versed in performing research, collating/evaluating data, and generating engaging material. Instrumental in designing/editing instructional manuals, interpreting style guides, and standardizing deliverables in approved platforms. Adept at prioritizing tasks, compiling complex technical data into user-friendly content, and providing constructive feedback. Excel at nurturing professional relationships with peers, partners, and clients. Possess comprehensive understanding of KCS Style and Agile/Scrum development methodologies and CMS background (Winchill, JIRA).
Core Competencies
Content Development
Project Management
Editing & Proofreading
Publication Planning & Execution
Market Research & Analysis
Creative Writing
Process Improvement
Relationship Building
Quality Compliance
Professional Experience
Tyler Technologies, Plano, TX 2021 to Present
Technical Writer
Play key role in evaluating, writing, arranging, and editing content for product information, online help, training materials, e-learning components, support content, proposals, policies/procedures, and knowledge assets. Envision and execute projects to ensure smooth flow of operations while collaborating with departmental staff.
●Utilized past templates for designing new platform delivery of documentation as well as crafted content in different mediums from rest of department.
●Drafted and updated HTML documentation content for SAAS programs in Markdown language for electronic warrants and electronic discovery programs.
●Collected and designed online administrative and configuration guides for electronic discovery and warrants.
●Streamlined user/server end communications by collaborating with developers on TLS 1.2 security protocol process.
AMAZON, Coppell, TX 2020 to 2021
FC Associate I
Rendered expert-level support in using PIT forklift and executing 5S process for fulfilling inventory shipment requirements. Delivered exceptional services while performing pandemic placeholder jobs.
●Met and exceeded all daily quotas by delivering exceptional services.
●Ensured smooth flow of PIT forklift processes as well as assisted in move from walking carts to pick orders by acquiring and passing PIT truck training.
Isthmus Inc, Bedford, TX 2018 to 2020
Technical Writer II
Streamlined business processes while partnering with training, developers, business analysts, program managers, and product owners. Analyzed/fulfilled product release dates and reported project progress by crafting, scheduling, and examining documents. Contributed to planning and implementation of SharePoint sites across platforms. Maintained and standardized documentation for operational procedures as well as user/administration guides for business and end-user purposes in coordination with Project Management Officer. Conducted extensive research, testing, and interviews for identifying and extracting new content functionality.
●Improved efficiency of several cross-platform business units by drafting and updating work instructions, standard operation procedures, operational manuals, and release notes.
●Ensured easy access of stakeholders to business unit documentation via repository infrastructure development.
CF MOTO, Plymouth, MN 2015 to 2017
Technical Publications Specialist
Actively involved in employing top-tier service manuals, bulletins, and dealer communications via translating China information for United States Service and Warranty All-Terrain Vehicles. Supported international technical publication team by devising/executing workflow processes and preparing documentation. Led establishment and implementation of bulletins for dealership service departments, comprising recalls, safety, service, and parts for process on serviceability and parts availability.
●Finalized format, production, and delivery of instructional manuals by formulating technical /service bulletins.
●Played key role in setting up knowledge transfer of information from engineering to publication business unit while traveling to China.
●Identified and fulfilled manuals requirements by liaising with US dealer network.
●Transitioned components division to entirely online system for maintaining inventory and entering into system.
Thomson Reuters, Edina, MN 2013 to 2015
Security Risk Technical Writer
Coordinated with engineering, HR, and other teams for collecting/examining information and planning process and governance documentation in accordance with strict company guidelines. Prepared and deployed robust risk mitigation and management strategies for increasing organizational effectiveness.
●Optimized efficiency of servicing platforms as well as streamlined proven methods of process and communications by leveraging exceptional analytical skills.
●Planned, formulated, and launched disaster recovery plan as governing document in event as one of three world centers off line while coordinating with engineers.
Additional Experience
Technical Writer, Florida Blue / Guidewell, Jacksonville, FL
Metrology Technical Writer, Boston Scientific, Maple Grove, MN
Education
High School Diploma, Dakota Aero Technical Fargo, ND, Hillcrest Academy, Fergus Falls, MN
Certifications
Office 2010 / Transition from Office 2003 InfoPath 2010 SharePoint 2007/2010 Designer Fundamentals InfoPath 2010 with SharePoint2010 Microsoft Certified 6236 Implementing and Maintaining Microsoft SQL Server 2008 Reporting Microsoft Certified 2778 Writing Queries Using Microsoft SQL Server 2008 Transact-SQL CGMP Regulations - 21 CFR 210-211, 21 CFR 820 and Quality Systems for Pharmaceutical and Device Analytical Laboratories
Technical Proficiencies
Microsoft Azure DevOps/TFS Office O365 Suite Adobe - Authoring in Structured FrameMaker 7 Adobe – InDesign Pro Engineer Program Arbortext Confluence
Contact this candidate