Linda Reyher Chasteler
calendly.com/lchasteler
linkedin.com/in/linda-chasteler
advsh5@r.postjobfree.com
Zoom/Skype LCHASTELER

817-***-****

SENIOR TECHNICAL WRITER/EDITOR
TECHNICAL SUMMARY
Platforms : UNIX/Linux/Solaris, Citrix, MS Windows, Macintosh masOS
Database Systems : IBM Universe, DB2, InterSystems Cache (EPIC), MS Access, ServiceNow, Wiki
Methods/Standards : Agile, Agile PLM, APA Publication Manual, Chicago Manual of Style, FasTrak, HIPPA, ITIL (Information Technology Infrastructure Library), ISO (Internaltional Standards Organization), ICD-9CM, ICE (Eclipse Integrated Computational Environment), Microservices (software development technique), NIST (Federal National Institute of Standards and Technology), Waterfall
Tools: Access, Adobe AEM, Adobe Captivate, Application Program Interface (API), Archer, Articulate Storyline, Asana, Atlassian Confluence, Box, Camtasia (TechSmith), Confluence, Drupal, eContent Pro, EPIC, Epicor Eclipse (ERP), Excel, FrameMaker, GitHub, InDesign, Jira, Microsoft SQL Server Reporting Services, OneNote, PowerPoint, Project, SAP, ServiceNow, Sharepoint, Smartsheet, Snagit, Software Development Kit (SDK), Solution Manager, Swagger (SmartBear), Trello, Visio, Watson, WCMS (Web Content Management System), WEM (Web Experience Management)/OpenText, Workday, Word, Visio
PRODUCTS
Installation/Operations Guide
Business Requirements Document (BRD)
API Reference Guide
Analytical Reports
Job Aids/Quick Reference
Methods and Procedures (MOPs)
Software Testing
Certification Tests
Key Performance Indicators (KPI)
Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC)
User Acceptance Testing
Configuration Maps
Revision/Acquisition Controls
Standard Operating Procedures (SOP)
User Interface Design
Runbooks
EDUCATION
Registered Nurse (RN) – Online license verification https://www.bon.texas.gov/forms/rninqolderbrowser.asp
Masters of Business Administration (MBA) Management – Florida Institute of Technology, www.fit.edu
Bachelor of Engineering Science (BS) Computer Science – University of Central Florida, www.ucf.edu
Bachelor of Arts (BA) Education, Secondary Mathematics – University of South Florida, www.usf.edu
Cisco CCNA Certification Program – Tarrant College, www.tccd.edu/academics/cie/workforce-training
Agile Management via AA Flagship University, Fort Worth, TX, www.american-airlines-training
CERTIFICATIONS/LICENSES
Agile Management (previously held)
CCNA (Cisco Certified Network Administrator-previously held) www.cisco.com
FasTrak methodologies for developing training content www.fastrak-consulting.co.uk
IBM Management Training /MS Project www.ibm.com
Network Configuration and Testing www.ibm.com
Teacher Certification, Secondary, Mathematics (previously held) www.fldoe.org
Technical Writing and Test Certification Process (Galton) www.ibm.com
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Client: USAA Insurance, San Antonio, TX (contract Millennium Group) Nov. 2020–Current
Role: Editor/Senior Technical Writer/Quality Assurance (QA)
United Services Automobile Association is a San Antonio-based, Fortune 500, diversified financial services group of companies.
Responsibilities
Edit training materials and technical articles for publication. Monitor various platforms where company content is present to verify the content cohesively connects with one another. Work with multiple teams to drive the ideation and creation of compelling content including website material, newsletters, articles, documentation for print, blog posts, social media content, digital (video/audio) training, and product/service descriptions. Conduct writing workshops to encourage teams to improve their writing skills and grammar.
Client: Gilead Sciences Inc., Foster City, CA (contract LanceSoft Inc.) May 2021–Sep. 2021
Role: Senior Technical Writer for IT Systems Life Cycle (SLC)—Agile Specific

Gilead is a biopharmaceutical company that researches and develops antiviral drugs used in the treatment of HIV and hepatitis B and C. The IT group recently incorporated agile methodologies into their IT Systems Life Cycle (SLC) process.
Responsibilities
Collaborated with subject matter experts from across all IT departments, to create Agile specific network documents, guides, templates, standards, policies, and governing documents for the purpose of converting the existing network development life cycle (NDLC) system into an Agile NDLC system.
Client: Bank of America, Plano, TX (contract Skillstorm Inc. ) Feb. 2019–Jan. 2020
Role: Procedures Developer/Senior Technical Writer

The Bank of America Corporation is an American multinational investment bank and financial services company based in Charlotte, North Carolina with central hubs in New York City, London, Hong Kong, Minneapolis, and Toronto. Bank of America was formed through NationsBank's acquisition of BankAmerica in 1998.
Responsibilities
Collaborate with standards engineers, subject matter experts, and technical document management colleagues, to develop documents that are clear, concise, easy to follow, grammatically correct, technically accurate, proofread all details, compliant with company document writing requirements, and in accordance with state and federal documentation regulations.
Complete document editing and development within established time frames. Track and manage the process across multiple systems, including Microsoft Visual Studio, SharePoint, Freshdesk, and Microsoft Planner.
Translate complex technical issues into documentation that is easy to understand and use for both technical and non-technical audiences.
Client: IBM, Austin, TX (contract) Jul. 2018–Feb. 2019
Role: UX Writer
A UX writer plans and writes the microcopy in apps, websites, and other digital products users need
to navigate a product. A user experience (UX) writer creates copy for apps, websites, and other digital
products that help users navigate the product.
Responsibilities
Manage projects for researching, writing, and publishing product documentation.
Write intents, entities, and dialog to develop and train Watson to perform Natural Language Processing (NLP) for interactive Voice Recognition Units (VRU) and help desk tasks.
Code in HTML using Drupal to create index and progress articles for troubleshooting, support, IT operations, marketing, and business processes.
Track and report completed projects in Trello. Deliver monthly reports based on back-end database queries for the status and analysis of published and archived global articles.
Client: Novartis, Ft. Worth, TX (contract) Sep. 2017–Jul. 2018
Role: Senior Technical Writer for Network Connectivity Services

Novartis is a Swiss pharmaceutical company that has been ranked #3 by Fortune magazine as one of the most admired pharmaceutical companies in the world.
Responsibilities
Utilized the Eclipse Integrated Computational Environment (ICE) development process integrated in the Rational Unified Process framework, i.e., Model-Driven Systems Development and Agile Model Driven Development, with techniques from extreme programming.
Each ICE iteration focused on several key activities and goals. Review, retrospect, and plan (RRP) meetings were held as needed, but never more than once per iteration, to track progress and define the direction of the next iteration.
Managed document acquisition projects for technical teams to meet Federal audit regulations.
Wrote, tracked, and published IT network documentation, equipment installation qualifications, and all types of manuals. Document types included: Standard Operating Procedures, System Operating Manual, Work Instructions, Validation Requirements, Installation Qualifications, Operating Qualifications, High Level Design, Low Level Design, etc.
Collected and interpreted technical data, designs, and procedural information from IT Engineers, Project Managers, and IT 3rd party Service Support.
Wrote audit evidence documentation as the principal record of the work performed, conclusions reached, and opinions expressed.
Acted as Librarian/Project Manager for tracking, assigning, and editing document numbers/categories/business lines. Responsibilities included communicating with and assisting audit teams who measured document compliance.
Client: Morsco Supply Inc., Ft. Worth, TX (contract) Jun. 2015–Jun. 2017
Role: Sr. Technical Writer for Data Integration

Morsco Supply is a leading U.S. distributor of commercial and residential plumbing, HVAC, and PVF, with showrooms across the country. Since the company inception in Nov. 2011, the company has grown rapidly through a series of acquisitions and store openings. MORSCO is a private company sponsored by Advent International and led by a team of venture capitalists.
Responsibilities
Developed and wrote complex ERP (Enterprise Resource Planning) operating procedures (SOPs) and job aids (JAs) associated with ERP Epicor eterm/Solar Eclipse software for warehouse and inventory management, mobility tools, CRM (Customer Relationship Management), and system configuration.
Analyzed financial data related to the merger of 9 business acquisitions and conversion updates to 70 stores. Created custom reports in eterm to track financial data before and after conversion into the parent company’s general ledger.
Provided technical assistance to end users by answering questions or troubleshooting issues. Documented interactions with end users and recommended improvements. Responsible for evaluating operational efficiency of various IT systems.
Developed and tested integration strategies for partnering with vendors such as Zlien, Billtrust, Vantiv, and Avalara. Assisted with customer supply agreements/contracts during project development. Collaborated with the users, Lead Developer, and Data Architect to ensure the software met business needs.
Effectively used TCL, a scripting language, in the Eterm terminal emulator, to access Eclipse IBM Universe. IBM Universe is a MV database (multi-valued) that stores records in a multi-valued index “field”. Learned the data table structures in order to extract meaningful data.
Developed data validation techniques using Excel, VBA, and Access to vet data before being integrated into the parent database. Wrote macros, complex functions, formulas, pivot tables, vlookups, etc.
Monitored discrepancies between different data sources to ensure consistent mapping between tables and improve the data cleansing process.
Utilized version control systems to track project concepts, practices, and procedures. Systems included: ServiceNow, Wikis, and SharePoint.
Involved in the 5V’s of large data sets (volume, variety, velocity, variability, veracity) for IBM Big Data/Analytics to collect, analyze, triangulate and visualize vast amounts of data in real time. IBM tools, available in the cloud, on premises, and in hybrid deployments, include: SPSS, DB2, and Enterprise Content Management (ECM).
Applied terms and specifications related to software systems and wholesale business operations. Course subjects included: Inventory Control, NST Tax Reporting, Purchasing, PO Variance, RF Physical Inventory, Cash Box Reconciliation, Manifest Processing, OE Shipments, Order Process Flows, Management Reports, Customer Maintenance, Enterprise Performance Management, Credits and Rebills, Buy Lines, Rebates, Forecast Demand, Lean Techniques, AR Processes.
Client: Options Clearing Corp., Ft. Worth, TX (contract) Mar. 2015–Jun. 2015
Role: Senior Technical Writer for IT Policies and Procedures

OCC is the world's largest equity derivatives clearing organization. By acting as guarantor, OCC ensures that the obligations of the contracts they clear are fulfilled. OCC is on the “too big to fail” list of Bill S.1206-114th Congress.
Responsibilities
• Wrote complex policies (SOPs) and procedures (Job Aids) for risk management that complied with NIST (Federal National Institute of Standards and Technology) regulations.
• Utilized version control systems for processing and tracking documents. Systems included: RSA Archer GRC, ServiceNow, Xerox DocuServe, and SharePoint.
• Monitored and enforced compliance with IT departmental policies, procedures, and workflows as well as interfaced with other internal teams regarding procedural compliance.
Client: American Airlines, DFW, Ft. Worth, TX (contract) Jun. 2014–Mar. 2015
Role: Senior Technical Writer for Network Integration

AA is the world's largest airline when measured by fleet size, revenue, scheduled passenger-kilometers flown, and number of destinations served. In 2013, US Airways and American Airlines merged. Eventually operations were merged under one operating certificate which kept the American Airlines brand name.
Responsibilities
• Responsible for leading Project Team and Technical Kick Off Meetings for assigned projects. Managed the initial phase of enterprise network project planning via interviewing project leaders and documenting the proposed details of the project. The details included: scope, allocated labor resources, project schedule, work breakdown, dependencies, deliverables, network hardware, flowchart, and estimated budget.
• Accountable for reporting the overall project management progress to upper management. Within the context of Agile methodologies, communicated milestones, critical releases, and velocity tracking (how much work a team can complete in a given time period).
• Utilized version control systems to apply Agile and ITIL project concepts, practices, and procedures. Systems included: RSA Archer, ServiceNow, Wikis, and SharePoint.
• Created implementation documents such as flow-charts or swim-lanes, data diagrams, and UML (Unified Modeling Language) diagrams for the evaluation, recommendation, and selection of software solutions.
• Liaised with other network analysts, QA specialists, network architects, network engineers, network programmers, and project managers on a project team and in other areas of the company.
• Utilized tools for network performance analysis which included WireShark, Wind River Linux v.6.2, and IP commands (ping, traceroute, ifcongif, nslookup, netstat, and route).
Client: Genband LLC, Plano, TX (contract) Aug. 2013–Jun. 2014
Role: IT Business Analyst/Curriculum Developer

Genband is a privately held company that makes IP-based real time communications software solutions and products for fixed wireline, mobile, and cable service providers as well as large enterprises. In 2010, Genband purchased Nortel Networks' Carrier VoIP and Application Solutions (CVAS) business. The acquisition quadrupled the size of the company and made Genband the market share leader in carrier VoIP.
Responsibilities
• Wrote complex, technical courses for configuring, managing, and debugging enterprise network operating software/hardware. Operating software included: Linux, SNMP V2 for status and statistics, Java, C/C++, and system management scripts written in BASH, Perl, and Jython.
• Courses included online help aids, process flowcharts, project plans, and test plans. Documentation blended text, graphics, images, sound, and video for presentation in various formats, including: webinars, MS Office, Power Point decks, Visio, HTML help files, Articulate Storyline, Word Press, and Camtasia.
• Documented test plans and performed system testing and quality control checks through the various stages of SDLC (Systems Development Life Cycle). Utilized the SDLC, or application development life-cycle, for planning, creating, testing, and deploying the information system used in systems engineering.
• Applied terms and specifications related to software and hardware systems. Course subjects included: DSC-Diameter Signaling Controller (Diameter is a signaling protocol used in LTE networks to handle messages for subscription, policy and charging management), SIP Trunking and Enterprise SBC QFlex ( Session Initiation Protocol is a call control and signaling protocol for IP communication), S2 (Security Gateway is a traffic policy enforcer between service provider and subscriber access networks), Q10 SBC Advanced (Session Border Controllers manage signaling and media streams involved in setting up, conducting, and tearing down telephone calls and other media communications), SpiDR (integrates communications services with television services for cable digital television and IPTV network providers), SDC (acquisition from F5, diameter gateway and interworking function (IWF), a Diameter load balancer, a Diameter Routing Agent (DRA), and a Diameter Edge Agent (DEA)).
• Wrote end-user and developer documentation for network hardware products. Provisioned hardware using FTP client access, deploying Java .jar/ .war/.ear files, CLI Linux commands, editing code syntax (for example, in file config.json), CORS Javascript to send Java XMLHttpRequests across domain boundaries, and administrative GUI app.
• Designed and wrote multiple hands-on labs for each course which required CLI (Command Line Interface) Linux commands, cabling, PuTTY configuration, configuring a SQL database, IP/VLAN assignments, JRE (Java Runtime Environment) for executing Java applications, GENView-RSM software v 9.0, OpenSUSE operating system built on top of the Linux kernel, endpoint configurations, open source Jboss for Web applications, CDR (Call Detail Records) directories, and portals call handling policies (SIP options, IPSec options, or rate limiting options).
• Utilized tools for post installation checks which included WireShark, Snoop, Tcpdump, and IP commands (ping, traceroute, ifcongif, nslookup, netstat, and route).
• Designed and wrote multiple choice quizzes for each course and for certification testing. Certification test questions were structured according to Bloom’s original taxonomy levels (remembering, comprehending, applying, analyzing, synthesizing, evaluating) for equitable assessment of learning outcomes.
• Good knowledge of WebRTC (Web Real Time Communications), NAT and firewall traversal technology (peer-to-peer connections using ICE/STUN/Turn/RTP-over-TCP), HTML5 (adding interfaces directly into the browser platform), WebRTC APIs embedded in browsers, and WebSocket.
Client: State Farm Insurance, Bloomberg, IL (contract) Mar. 2012–Aug. 2013
Role: IT Technical Trainer and Course Developer

State Farm is a group of insurance and financial services companies in the United States. The company contracted IT professionals through TekSystems to convert their entire telecommunications system to Cisco VoIP.
Responsibilities
• Created and implemented a five hour, IT training course to meet specific customer needs at 68 different offices in the USA. “Road Warrior” at 100% travel. Scheduled my own travel which included airline, hotel, and car rental.
• Coordinated Cisco network testing and transition plans to ensure a successful network implementation per office location prior to the start of training. Assisted in the development and implementation of contingency plans.
• Courses included online help aids using Dr. Explain, installation directions, usage, and troubleshooting. Training documentation blended text, graphics, and images for presentation in various formats, including webinars, Power Point decks, Visio, and HTML help files.
Contact this candidate