DR. AMIT K. MAITRA
US Citizen Clearance: Secret
**** ****** **** ****
Oakton VA 22124-1507
Phone: 703-***-****
Email: advw30@r.postjobfree.com
OBJECTIVE
Technical writing: preparing, editing, maintaining, and updating life-cycle documents, covering detailed operation, maintenance and/or troubleshooting procedures, checklists, technical specifications, alert bulletins, training materials and other procedures and reports consistent with project book plan, technical data development plan, writing specifications (e.g., Mil-Stds), and system design life cycle (SDLC) document templates, including software description documents. CORE COMPETENCIES
Compliance: Write, edit, proof, organize, format, and produce SDLC documents in accordance with government-approved standards (e.g., Mil-Stds) for accurate content and consistency and compliance with program requirements (e.g., project engineering drawings, test procedures, design specifications/documentation, Change Requests (CRs)/Change Notices (CNs), and software description documents), and U.S. Government requirements (e.g., maintaining export control requirements (ITAR & EAR) and Sarbanes Oxley compliance).
Operations Support: Prepare outline, team assignments, SDLC document management plan, schedule, kick-off meeting materials, templates, writing plans, etc. for Technical Order (TO) development, reviews, production, and delivery, liaise with publication support groups such as graphics, editors, quality assurance and production, to ensure deadlines are completely understood and met, keep sub-contractors and subject-matter-experts (SMEs) on track for the deadline dates. Proactively search for possible trouble areas and work with the Publication Manager to provide practical solutions to problems before they become problems.
Technical Reviews: Review SDLC documents so that client requirements are clearly understood, participate in review teams to analyze, interpret, and apply standard document evaluation criteria, including continuous improvement objectives to achieve quality goals and customer- specific requests/responses.
SPECIALTY
Developing compliant, responsive, researched, and complete SDLC life-cycle documents, identifying and editing existing materials and/or writing copy to effectively communicate design, training, test, verification, validation process, steps, and results. RELATED SPECIALTY AREAS
Hands-on experience in writing new content for the theory of operations, test procedures, operating principles, checklists, technical specifications, alert bulletins, training materials and other procedures and reports based on research, interacting with Subject Matter Experts
(SMEs), including system engineers, design engineers, technicians, and publications personnel, to ensure the accuracy of documentation, supporting special projects, and completing other responsibilities associated with the position as may be appropriate such as conference planning Resume: Dr. Amit K. Maitra 2 Page - 2
and preparation of User Manual, Instruction manual, Training Manual, Implementation Manual, etc.
SUMMARY
20+ years of experience as a senior technical writer/editor in the Defense/Aerospace industry. Highly experienced in the: (a) analysis, definition, and documentation of requirements, interfaces, and workflow including schematics and drawings to improve integration and timeliness of major DoD/NASA system developments, (b) coordination of creation, enhancement, maintenance, and updates of the TOs (e.g., User Manual, Instruction manual, Training Manual, Implementation Manual, etc.) in accordance with reference Mil-Stds, US Export Control requirements (ITAR/EAR), and Sarbanes Oxley compliance.
Trained by IBM Federal Systems Integrated Product Planning Support group to produce high-quality TOs, including Statement of Work (SOW), Program Plan, visual presentations, display materials, graphics, and other feature presentations.
Personal qualities include creativity, great initiative, and an ability to get things done on time and under budget.
Strengths
Highly experienced in the defense and aerospace industry for a full range of products and services for air, land, and naval forces, as well as advanced electronics, information technology solutions, and user utilization groups within space programs.
Extensive experience addressing the needs of U.S. Department of Defense and federal civilian customers while integrating communications systems, developing and integrating precision tracking radars, providing design and support services for air and missile defense systems, including readiness and sustainment for military platforms.
Excellent skills in developing lifecycle documentation, including the physical production of documents, review of design specifications, proposals (both management and technical volumes) for standards, accuracy, completeness, readability and compliance with program and U.S. Government requirements [e.g., maintaining export control requirements (ITAR & EAR) and Sarbanes Oxley compliance].
Ability to work independently for capturing and documenting operational and maintenance related information to support the introduction of new technology to the military platforms.
Interact with subject-matter-experts, including software/hardware (SW/HW) design engineers and other documentation personnel, to ensure the accuracy of documentation and participate in document reviews.
Highly skilled in developing complex text from engineering schematic diagrams in support of theory of operation, diagnostics, and system trouble shooting, documenting complex applications software for end-users.
Superior skills in gathering, analysis, and coordination of information inputs and outputs
(namely, the recommendations and comments on Change Requests [CRs to insure integration into the Change Process] to/from appropriate organizations. Resume: Dr. Amit K. Maitra 3 Page - 3
Hands on experience in directing writers and researchers in matters of style, syntax, and usage to address quality criteria, suggesting revisions to existing administrative operations and management controls including standard practices to improve process efficiency, effectiveness, or ease of use, based on ITIL v3, Lean Six Sigma, and CMMI.
Demonstrate success managing to a deadline.
Responsible for keeping sub-contractors and SMEs on track for the deadline dates.
Accustomed to highest-level liaison on significant matters requiring technical presentation, documentation, and comprehensive knowledge and skills in coordinating between organizations.
Thoroughly familiar with all Mil-Specs.
Overall experience includes programmatic responsibilities for planning my own schedules and activities, and technical responsibilities for preparing overall objectives and long-range goals of organizations, Program Plan, monthly status reports, drafting procedure documents, proposal preparation and writing Statement of Work (SOW), and Technical Manuals. Computer Skills
Facilitate seamless project management support through project management tools, including MS Word, Excel, PowerPoint, and MS Project for preparing and retaining appropriate project records. 1991–Present SATLINK Communications, Inc. Reston, VA Position: Manager, Requirements Specifications & Documentation SATLINK is a technology services company with expertise across a full range of industries: Telecommunications, Information Technology, and Government. The company’s Telecommunications/IT Group develops documentation for large, complex implementations, including Network Enterprise Software for service providers. Dr. Maitra has both technical and program management responsibilities for the major documentation programs including proposal Management and/or Technical volumes.
A partial list of client services performed
During 2007-2009, Dr. Maitra supported the Lockheed Martin (LM) Defense Enterprise Solutions & Services Group. His particular assignment was to provide management oversight for the development of SDLC documents, which included Specifications, Program Requirements Document, Program Design Requirements Document, Requirements Traceability Matrix, High-level Architectures, Operational Support Plans, System Security Plans, Security Requirements, Quality Control Plan (QCP), Quality Assurance Surveillance Plan (QASP), Configuration Templates, Network Requirements, Test and Evaluation Results, and Detailed Project Plans, including Monthly Status Reports.
The life-cycle documents are produced in support of the LM Defense Business/Operating Units which are involved with information technology (IT) systems, equipment, architecture, interoperability, and networks and net-centric policy, Department of Defense (DoD)-wide Resume: Dr. Amit K. Maitra 4 Page - 4
command and control, and communications, including wireless matters, frequency-spectrum management, and National Security Systems (NSS), sensitive-information integration, information assurance (IA) and associated security components in the Executive Office of the President (The White House), DoD and its Components (Army, Navy, and the Air Force), Army Corp of Engineers, Department of Homeland Security (DHS), NASA, and several other programs. During 2002-2007, Dr. Maitra provided technical writing support to Nextel Wireless Communications, ADC Telecommunication’s (a $1.5 Billion company) Software Systems Division, and ComTech Corporation. He prepared custom documentation for supporting next-generation networks, which resulted in ISO 9000 quality processes for preparing the Instruction Manual, Installation Guide, User Manual, Training Manual, Test Procedures, and marketing collateral brochures.
Dr. Maitra served as the overall SME for the development of documentation necessary to prepare operations for initial 3G implementation as well as system upgrade implementation. Prior experiences (1991-2002) include life-cycle documentation projects for NASA Earth Observing Satellite Polar Ground Network (EPGN) and several DoD Programs at DISA and DLA Headquarters. In these assignments, he had additional responsibility for the development of Requirements Database Upgrades, Cross-functional Database Creation, and the TOs for the Reserve Components Automated Information Systems Upgrades.
November 1986 to January 1991, NASA/Grumman Space Station Programs Support Division, Reston, VA
Position: Manager, Requirements Definition and Documentation Description of Responsibilities
As a senior documentation specialist, developed requirements specifications, functional interface specifications, detailed system requirements allocation, and system assembly and check out concepts and requirements for the Space Station Freedom Program. Coordinated the production of these engineering documents by interfacing with the appropriate development team, design/test engineers, and other cognizant personnel. Before releasing the documents to production, proofread the redlined versions, and revised and incorporated all the relevant comments, thereby ensuring consistency to the language used in all space station engineering and integration documents.
Achievement
Dr. Maitra received NASA Headquarters Superior Grade citation for excellence in the production of technical documents in terms of standards, accuracy, completeness, and readability. June 1984 to November 1986, RCA Government Communications System, Camden, NJ Position: Sr. Technical Writer for US Air Force’s Ground Wave Emergency Network (GWEN), Description of Responsibilities
Resume: Dr. Amit K. Maitra 5 Page - 5
Key member of the engineering team that installed the core of the GWEN monitoring system at the US Strategic Air Command Headquarters, Omaha, Nebraska, in early 1986. Prepared Organizational and Maintenance Manual for the GWEN program. Liaised with systems engineers to identify and prepare configuration item requirements specification, functional interface specification, detailed system requirements allocations to subsystems sand nodes, system assembly and check out concepts and requirements development Based on Dr. Maitra’s specification development, the US Air Force program manager recommended that the GWEN program adapt his life-cycle documentation approach as a framework for developing all future SW/HW specifications. Achievement
Dr. Maitra established and maintained the RCA Government Communications Division’s ILS corporate design and editorial look and standards. He established excellent working relationships with the GWEN development team, design/test engineers, and the ILS staff to organize and coordinate various documentation projects, develop, and finesse graphics, photos, charts, workflow diagrams, and other illustrative materials used in ILS Publications relevant to GWEN program.
December 1973–May 1984 IBM Federal Systems, Manassas, VA and Gaithersburg, MD, and Contel Page Engineering, Vienna, Virginia
Position: Technical Writer/Consultant
Planned, directed, and coordinated the requirements analysis of a broad spectrum of satellite and terrestrial information-communications systems development projects [e.g., Global Positioning System (GPS), Worldwide Military Command, Control (WWMCCS), and Information System (T/P AWIS), Fiber Optic Telecommunications System in Korea and so on]. Dr. Maitra liaised with the IBM Integrated Product Planning Support group to update the P-3C Anti- submarine Warfare (ASW) Aircraft Update III, and LAMPS, MK III Procedures Manuals. His prior assignments included the development of the entire system documentation (technical procedure manuals, user manuals, programming manuals, service manuals, operational specifications, and related technical publications) for the AN/UYS-1(V) Advanced Signal Processor (ASP) Analyzer Detecting Set intended for signal processing applications within sonar systems (AN/BQQ-5) on ASW submarines and surface ships. Dr. Maitra wrote from configuration diagrams, and data specifications, and liaised with engineers. for submarine electronics systems to include sonar sets: AN/BSY-1, AN/BQQ -10, the Integrated Submarine Imaging System (ISIS), and other systems as required.
At Continental Page Engineering, Dr. Maitra wrote a proposal for the Weapons System and Equipment support Analysis Plan for a Fiber Optic Telecommunications System in Korea, he coordinated the activities of the production staff and liaisoned with the engineering staff. Achievement
Developed significant practical awareness in defining a customer's technical requirements and schedules and working closely with ILS and other departments’ staff to organize and coordinate research and develop proposals.
Resume: Dr. Amit K. Maitra 6 Page - 6
Dr. Maitra’s recommendations on the Korean Fiber Optic Telecommunications Systems proposal resulted in Continental Page’s successful bid preparation for the biggest contract award from the US Department of Army. [1982].
EDUCATION
2003 – 2006 Case Western Reserve University, Cleveland, OH
DM, Doctorate in Management
1969–1971 University of Minnesota, Minneapolis, MN
MPA-MA, Systems Architecture & Planning
1969–1970 B. E. College, University of Calcutta, Kolkata (formerly Calcutta), India
BE, Summa Cum Laude
Contact this candidate