Heather Bergevin
Lexington, SC *****● adw7q4@r.postjobfree.com ● 803-***-****
Summary of Qualifications
.
● 18 years experience in leadership experience
● 15 years experience in teaching
● 11 years experience in editing, with grant writing experience Education
B. Young University 2022
● Bachelor’s of General Studies, emphasis Writing/Editing
● Focus: Communications Journalism
● Minor American Sign Language
University of South Carolina 2017-2018
Grant Writing Certificate, Advanced Level 2016
University of South Carolina (Continuing Education Program) American Sign Language Interpretation 1998
USUState of Utah Interpretation program
Work Experience
Code Ninjas, Lexington
Associate Director
May 2022-Feb 2023
● Implemented use of CRM management software, including contacting families, scheduling tours, tracking contact and calendering
● Lead tours to enroll new members, doubling number of clients and selling 95% of tours
● Taught junior’s camp courses, including STEM and Game Design
● Implemented camp programs including managing staffing for camps, welcoming clients, tracking, and troubleshooting complications
● Designed and implemented social media programs to grow center awareness and clientele.
● Increased social media engagement by 75% in first two months.
● Photography, photo editing, video editing, and ghostwriting as associated with social media engagement to increase SEO
● Responsible for center communications including emails, texts, and calling
● Responsible for center function and delegation to individual camp teachers, including scheduling and management
By Common Consent Press
Review Agent
August 2022-present
● Contacted individual authors prior to book release to designate advertising plan
● Coordinated with editorial and advertising staff on best practices for book launch and release
● Sourced author’s needs for marketing, including but not limited to podcasting, newspaper and digital print, book readings and presentations
● Worked closely with authors to make sure their needs were cared for, that those with whom they desired to advertise books were contacted
● Sent pre-release copies to reviewers, with follow-up on review dates for release schedule Barrow Editing and Design, LLC
Consulting Editor
2016-Present
● Edited published journal articles, theses dissertations, conference presentations
● Worked closely with academic scholars to increase their productivity
● Beta Reader for Rosalyn Eves, Mette Ivie Harrison, Braden Bell, Lindsay Flanagan, Kerry Spencer, and other authors for both fiction and nonfiction, memoir
● Ghostwriter for blogs, websites, and individuals seeking to increase Search Engine Optimization, including for InContent Design clients, financial journals, financial and business websites, construction and home design websites, and others
● Journals and theses work include: Jensen, E.B. (2016, November). “Peer-Review writing workshops in college courses: Students’ perspectives about online and classroom-based workshops.” Soc. Sci. 5(4), 72., class papers, and creative writing. Jensen, E. B. (2015).
“Creation of third space in a bridge class: Dwelling in and stretching out." Case Studies Journal 4(11), 50-55. Jensen, E.B. (2017, accepted with revisions). “Writing in the Social Sciences.” Danielle Briggs Christensen, Westminster College, (2017) "Seeking (Aspirational) Sisterhood: Exploring Mormon Socialization, Women’s Education Attainment, and the Relevance of Online Support Groups."
● Lindsay's soon to be titled series, Brittany's Mormon Theology, Re-edit of Lance Allred's first book, my two books, working with Mette for ongoing series for unnamed essays on growing up without knowing you are autistic, title tba,
Association for Mormon Arts and Letters
Reviewer
2020-present
● Reviewer for current and upcoming books by Shadowlands Books, Deseret Books, BCC Press, and individual University Presses nationally, including: Litany With Wings (Chadwick), Hemingway in Paradise (Hales), Dragonwatch: Return of the Dragon Slayer (Mull), The Gentleman and the Thief (Eden), Sealed (Langston), The Lost Wonderland Diaries (Savage), and others.
Eschler Editing
2017-present
● Editor for “Riches,” for future publication by Deseret Book, Juvenile Div.
● Editor for “The Social Diet,” autism specialized socialization course
● Ongoing freelance work including ghostwriting, editing, copyediting, extensive comprehensive editing, and other needs for the company. University of South Carolina, Sumter Registration
March- August 2018 (work-study)
● Reception, scheduling, phones, messages, and greeting clientele
● Typing and general secretarial
● Filing and organization
Paul Weissenstein Jr, Attorney at Law
Sumter, SC Offices
2017-2018
● Reception, scheduling, phones, messages, and greeting clientele
● Typing and legal transcription
● Filing and organization
Leadership Experience
Adjudicator, Florida Writers’Association, 2017-
● Judge for Royal Palm Literary Award Competition
● Assists finding new authors
● Proofread books, short stories, and poetry for specialized categories Editor of Segullah.org 1999-2009
● Served as Editor and was in charge of the yearly poetry contest
● Edited and helped publish four magazine issues a year of the print edition
● Responsible for yearly poetry contest, including publicity, university contact, individual author contact, acceptance/rejection, communications, new author solicitation and contact
● Support and help with all Poetry Board actions to support two magazine editions annually Choir Director 2011-2013
● Organized and lead a 25 people choir that met weekly for practices
● Arranged and held annual Christmas program.
● Directed weekly music
● Organized special musical numbers, artists and coordinator Teaching Experience
Teacher for REACH Homeschool Co-op
2014-2016
● Taught 200 high school students Poetry and Prose
● Teacher aide in IEW (writing) class with 20 students
● Assistant teacher for the elementary level American Sign Language class Teacher for Pine Ridge Homeschool Co-op
2015
● Taught middle and high school History classes
After-school teacher for weekly activities group for youth ages 10-16-200*-****
● Planned and organized weekly activities for youth Published Work
Books:
Lawless Women, BCC Press, 2018,
Katabasis, BCC Press, 2023
Poetry and Essays
Irreantum, “Willendorf,” 2018
“The Day in the Life” Published in the anthology The Mother in Me: Real World Reflections of Growing into Motherhood
“The Catalogue Children” Published in the anthology The Mother in Me
“Journey” Published in The Ensign Magazine
“Shattered” Published on Exponent II
Computer Skills
MS Office/Outlook Quickbooks, Homebase
Silhouette studio, Google Office Adobe Suite, ChildCareCRM, Soci
Contact this candidate