Priscilla *** Wayne Street Yvonne Rodriguez
Dallas, TX 75223
objective
Mobile 501-***-**** Email adw89b@r.postjobfree.com Portfolio priscillayvonne.net LinkedIn
To use my knowledge and mastery of technical communication towards creating effective documentation that will include the practice of the visual structure of a document's design, including the proper placement of textual content and images for both print and online media. education
Master of Art in Professional and Technical Writing 2014 Bachelor of Art in English 2010 skills
University of Arkansas at Little Rock University of Arkansas at Little Rock DOCUMENT TYPES
Business Communications, Compliance Documents, Email Marketing Campaigns, Frequently Asked Questions Documents, Installation Guides, Online Help, Operator Procedures, Policies, Process Guides, Programmer Reference, Project Communications, Quick Reference Guides, Service Manuals, Social Media Pages, Standards, System Documentation, User Guides, Websites, WordPress AUTHORING TOOLS
Adobe Acrobat, Camtasia, Adobe Captivate, CorelDraw, CSE HTML Validator, Microsoft Forms, Microsoft Flow, Microsoft Excel, Adobe FrameMaker, HTML, Icon Workshop, Adobe InDesign, IPF (OS/2), Microsoft InfoPath Designer, Adobe LiveCycle Designer, Paint Shop Pro, Adobe Photoshop, Microsoft PowerPoint, Prezi (open source), Adobe RoboHelp, Microsoft SharePoint, SnagIt, Wiki, Microsoft Word, Microsoft Visio
experience
SENIOR TECHNICAL WRITER OxeFit: Documentation Services Dallas, TX 2020 - 2022
Developed and created the Documentation Strategy for best practices in user-centered technical writing as part of the brand team for OxeFit products and served as the primary point of contact for publishing internal and external documentation.
Worked collaboratively with internal and external global stakeholders to conceptualize and develop content that strengthened the OxeFit brand and owned the editorial bar for the entire documentation set, including documentation architecture, editing, testing, and publishing to the Support Center hub.
Worked closely with Software and Hardware Engineering and Product Management to plan, create, and maintain user-focused technical documentation for multiple product features and applications, in alignment with established Documentation Strategy. Sole creator of the design, organization, structuring, and maintenance of the Knowledge Base system for OxeFit products and applications of technical documentation within a robust library of digital content.
www.linkedin.com/in/pyvonner
references
TECHNICAL WRITER Calyx Software: Product Development Management Dallas, TX 2019 - 2020
Interviewed program managers, task leads, and other technical personnel to collect technical and methodology information for Functional Technical Documents (FRDs) and Release Notes of software.
Provided input and direction of visual communications in the development of supporting graphics, photography, and covers and directs project resources and managers to provide input towards marketing publications and internal communications. Built process and workflow documentation to better capture and triage information needed to document FRDs and Release Notes and prioritizes release documentation iterations of software to clients.
Created practices for the organization that encourage and enable cross-functional teams to keep documentation accurate and discoverable to teams utilizing Microsoft SharePoint (as a SharePoint Administrator) and builds workflows via Microsoft Visio, Microsoft Flow, and Microsoft Forms. IT PROCESS COORDINATOR & TECHNICAL WRITER II GM Financial: IT Compliance Arlington, TX 2014 - 2016
Created technical documentation and procedures for various services, product implementations, and associated projects within the IT Department.
Created documentation that maintained and protected the brand standards of all HTML forms, templates, letters, ect. and worked with all IT departments to ensure consistency of the visual brand for GM Financial.
Worked collaboratively across IT departments to help improve and optimize business processes including documenting procedures and implementations and created visual workflows of processes. Analyzed business functions and operations to create a more efficient process that delivered the best outcome to accomplish business objectives.
EDITOR II Hewlett-Packard: Enterprise Services Little Rock, AR 2013 - 2014
Worked with Regulatory (and impacted or necessary departments) to implement new contract changes, policy amendments, update processes, and edited documentation to accommodate State regulatory changes to the Medicare and Medicaid Accounts. Monitored member correspondence/impact for necessary changes in protocols, corporate policies, regulations, and other updates that may be required, including creating/updating all member materials such as the member handbooks and reviewing ID card output. Provided recommendations on deliverables to be produced as a result of analysis/design discussions.
Provided leadership and guidance to other team members regarding Medicare and Medicaid policy related procedures and the project service delivery models. TECHNICAL WRITER II Catholic Health Initiatives: Information Technology Little Rock, AR 2009 - 2013
Designed, developed, and updated online and PDF-based technical documentation for the Enterprise Integration within the business unit, including online help systems, installation configuration guides, system requirement documents, disaster recovery, and instructional documentation related to development and programming.
Developed documentation presentation, distribution systems, and existing processes, and recommends solutions and improvements for the migration of interfaces into the Rhapsody Integration Engine.
Evaluated information gathered from multiple sources to decompose high-level information into details, abstract up from low-level information to a general understanding, developing effective documentation for end-users.
Available upon request.
Contact this candidate