Sean H. LeMons
Irvine, California, *****
adw91h@r.postjobfree.com 562-***-****

Dear Hiring Manager,

I am excited to express my interest in the role and potential for growth within your company. With executive-level experience and technical expertise, I am confident that my skills and qualifications make me an ideal candidate for this position.

With a US Gov. Secret clearance level and a proven track record of blending technology and business innovations to create and implement effective solutions, I have managed and participated in technical resource teams within Cubic ISR to develop military grade networks for drone aircraft. My diverse technical management and business leadership experience includes developing wireless technology designs and innovations, managing technical personnel to support sales, solutions, and IT support. Currently studying and will finish my CompTIA Security+ June 2023

A world’s first: Using my creativity and resourcefulness I was able to design and produce the world's first wireless ultra-low latency HFT network from Chicago to New York as well as from Frankfurt to London they surpassed all existing fiber networks latency performance. My expertise in end-to-end solution selling and architecture. Network system design, build, presentations, sales bidding, and Visio diagram production, combined with extensive vendor and contractor management experience, allows me to source and build a provider certification and support contract network worldwide.

I am passionate about mentorship and have mentored young entrepreneurs at Cal Poly University's entrepreneurship scholarship challenge yearly since 2020. My ability to adapt and blend technical and business innovations, coupled with my diverse technical management and business leadership experience, has helped my mentored students continue to place in the top 3 contestants every year.

I am confident in my proactive communication, talent acquisition, recruiting, applicant tracking system, interpersonal skills, high volume, and relationship management abilities. I am extremely resourceful, and I am committed to finding real solutions to any problems that arise. I am loyal, dedicated, and easy to work with, always welcoming feedback to grow and develop in my role.

Thank you for considering my application. I look forward to discussing how I can contribute to your organization.

`Sean H. LeMons

Subject Matter Expert:

US Government Clearance, Secret (Current)

Technical SME :
●CompTIA Security+ June 2023
●Windows Servers, VMware, Linux, Ubuntu, Red hat, Centos Enterprise
●Firewall Expert over 800 installations
●WAN / SDWAN / SONET (Synchronous Optical Network) SDH / Metro Ethernet, 4000 plus installations
●NIST process, Nessus Tenable, SD Elements, Jira, Network Scans. Nmap, Wireshark, Solar winds, Nagios,
●Wireless Communications SME 5G. Wi-Fi mesh., PTP / MTP Microwave & MM wave, Mesh Networks, Eband, Ubiquity, SAF, Proxim, Bridewave, Trango, Siklu
●Wi-Fi Systems: Cisco, Aruba, Juniper, Extreme, Dell, Arista, Netgear, D-Link, Alcatel-Lucent, MikroTIK, Eero, TP-link
●Ops Team Management, 24/7 Network management worldwide.
●Cisco, SDWAN, Linux Routing, Palo Alto firewall and Palo Aldo Prisma user and firewall policies, Juniper, Barracuda, Fortinet
●BGP, OSPF, VLAN, Red Black Crypto Security, DNS, ICE, 365 and Active Directory., TCP/IP, IP, MPLS
●Network Data, Routing and Switching, Network Wireless, Network Security, Network Security & Wireless, Cisco Unified Call Manager, Cisco ASA/FirePower, Cisco Nexu,, ICE
●C++ basics, Python Basics, UDP streams, TCP Port Scans
●Datacenter buildouts and management, racks, servers, power installations, Fiber, Ethernet, cable management, solar and battery power, electrical.
●Drone Communications, vSat, ViaSat
●Technical Writer and Policy management for IIT Process and team builder,
●management Software APP and Web Team and Process management
●Technical Budgets Managed $10 million, Technical Audits Financial, Process Management
●Vender and wholesale telco and datacenter carrier contract negotiations. Save at least 30%
●Sales Engineering Presentations, over $50 million in contract proposals awards. C-Level, CTO, COO
●Extensive History in Presentations, Diagrams Visio, Teaching, Training, Leadership, Documentation,

Work History:

Cubic Corporation
Mar 2019 - Present
Senior Principal Engineer
Cyber Security, ISRONE Drone Development, Halo Mesh Combat Networks

Technical leadership and development of advanced networks and server initiatives:

Cyber Security: Develop and managed a new cyber as a service offering: cyber security teams to support various mission-critical systems integral to USA Government Military Suppliers. Lead cyber projects requiring secret clearance to set research rules basis to test and document various systems for threat analysis. Conducted NIST compliance audits and remediation via SD Elements and Nessus Tenable
Extensive Wan Network Dev Secure WAN vSat and Fiber for gov contracts. Cisco, Juniper, Palo Alto, Elma, SDWAN, Vlan, Red /Black secure networks with encryption keys cryptographic systems.
Port Protocol TCP/IP UDP network policies rules and process management.
Led the development of the IRSONE drone network and server technology at Cubic ISR, focused on low latency communication networks for military-grade drones.
Successfully developed and flew the ISRONE Drone Aircraft by microwave communications and satellite systems, utilizing a full-scale inflatable satellite system for remote operations vSat uplink and an 18-inch tracking in drone's Sat link antenna in the drone for 2-way handoff and controls 1000's miles away
Led a team of engineers for the development of the Halo/Kraken Advanced Network for the US Airforce and Drone Operations
Mentored and trained team members, providing support and guidance on network IP development, Windows/Linux servers/VMware, Cisco Elma, diagrams, debugging, and system support

Cubic Corp Top Recognition:
Cubic Hackathon top 2 Finalist 2022 "Team Leader" Developed an APP and process for group deals one step ticketing for transit systems. $3000 Prize awarded to each of 7 team members.
Cubic CEO Recognition Award 2021
Cubic acquisitions: Worked on evaluation of several potential Cubic acquisitions/investments with team

John Deere’s Navcom Division, 2018-2019
Infrastructure Analyst Level 3 and Technical Consultant

●Managed worldwide technical resources for Navcom teams and contracted team for satellite, microwave, and fiber internet communications.
●Performed cyber security audits using Tenable and Palo Alto App-ID for weekly tracking of technical inventory and software compliance and planned for NIST compliance.
●Managed and negotiated internet and datacenter services contracts on mass variety of carrier networks around the world, and managed data centers and hybrid AWS cloud networks. Improved Network capacity on average by 300% and saved the company nearly 30% on the majority of over 180 diverse carrier agreements with a Net annual savings was over $200K in cost reductions.

●Developed and implemented network monitoring and alerting of two managed corporate data centers in CA and IL and 60 remote facilities locations along with 180+ network connections worldwide, including hybrid mixes of independent carriers using fiber, wireless, cable, MPLS copper, satellite, and LTE.
●Launched and built process for AWS cloud hybrid networks, connecting remote networks to a private cloud environment, and deployed and automated SolarWinds Net Path network management and analysis tools.

NexxCom 2012-2016
Chief Technology Officer and Vice President

Technical Sales and Solutions Architecture:

●Delivered over 400 presentations, ranging from simple to complex, to promote diverse engineering solutions and multiyear revenue services and support. Architected, designed, and presented solutions, created sales bids, and produced Visio diagrams.
●Conducted research and built a global provider certification and support contract network, managing vendors and contractors locally, nationally, and internationally.
●Managed the development of new technology innovations from R&D to full production.
●Devised a technology plan for cyber security using Tenable as a monthly SAS offering.
●Designed, managed, and invented the fastest wireless Gigabit and 100 Mbps HFT networks, achieving industry-leading performance.
●Planned, designed, and built ULL wireless fiber HFT networks for the London Stock Exchange, New York Stock Exchange, and Chicago Exchange, serving as project planner, wireless and fiber technology leader, sales engineer, project developer, FCC coordinator, lease negotiator, site architect, and team leader.
●Designed hundreds of wireless circuits for companies such as AT&T and Level 3.
●Network Design and Management:
●Built the first hybrid wireless and fiber network between the USA and the UK, and the UK and France. Designed, built, and managed the first and fastest Atlantic crossing hybrid wireless HFT fiber-to-wireless HFT network from New York to London, which was branded under the LEVEL3 network.

WANCOMM TECHNOLOGIES 2010-2013 & 2016-2018

CTO / COO

●Technical hands-on leadership, training, hiring, vender management, technology production management, and support management for a variety of businesses.
●Technical sales and solutions development architect: R&D of new and diverse solutions presentations, recommendations, heavy focus on multiyear revenue services and support solutions. Conducted over 400 presentations, both simple and complex.

●Cyber and NIST Compliance: Automated Tenable and output results to a web platform for Cyber Security Compliance SAS with the team. Conducted over 1000 sessions with Tenable, Lumeta, and Palo Alto APP-ID in lab and for clients as a SAS monthly service. Clients were any business needing to be NIST compliant from suppliers to government military. Generated reports and live security alerts. Conducted cyber security planning and compliance for DOD DFAR NIST 800-171.
●LAN/WAN solutions for data centers, carriers, and large business subcontracted support and development. Cisco ACS to ISE migration. Datacenter migration and modernization, DNS, domain controllers, share file, Office 365, FTP, Syslog, Nessus Tenable, Lumeta, VM Ware
●FCC wireless network planning and coordination: Designed and managed installations of thousands of wireless systems, including MM wave, microwave, 4G, and Wi-Fi. Designed, tested, and installed wireless communications anywhere. Verified quality with spectrum analyzers RF surveys.

●Vendor and contractor management, research, find, source, and build a provider certification and support contract network worldwide. Local, national, international vendor management.
●Long-term revenue solution provider and WAN network architect, ISP services, data center services, wireless networks, WAN and wireless network architecture designed, installed, and supported the fastest low latency networks in the world for initiatives to serve HFT financial networks, remote networks, telecom access solutions. Wireless microwave and fiber hybrid networks

Tech Fusion Corp 2012-2018
COO / CTO
●Managed end-to-end lifecycle application development, from concept development to full production
●Hired and led development and sales teams.
●Provided product and marketing leadership, as well as technology leadership.
●Developed MobileCoupon.com, a platform for competitive bid coupon placement in digital in-store marketing live on a prefeed app.
●Offered national and in-store coupons via a mobile app.
●Enabled user-initiated interactions and influence on purchases.
●Provided unique shopper behavior data for responding to competition and analytics.
●Ensured a spam-free experience for users.

Giving Back Mentoring and Volunteer Experience:

Cal Poly University Mentorship
●Bronco Startup Challenge (2020-2023+): Provided entrepreneurial mentorship in technology and business structure to Cal Poly students who compete for a Cal Poly scholarship based on new business ideas.

Saddleback
●KSG Leadership Volunteer (2023+) Work to provide fun with learning activities for my son and his weekly kids group along with a few other parents.
●Photo Archiving Volunteer: (2014-2016). Volunteered as a technical leader to help develop and modernize process and systems to save 40 years of photo history with archiving process and technology.
Contact this candidate