Robert Bryan Gilbreath
Encino, CA *****
818-***-****
adwbfc@r.postjobfree.com

EXPERIENCE

Epirus Inc.
Technical Writer
Torrance, CA
January 2022 – Present

Created and established the documentation and documentation standards for startup Epirus’ counter UAS and counter electronics weapon systems. Documentation included product and system manuals, SOPs, Product Data Sheets, ICDs, DIDs and other regulatory documentation. Established the documentation network repository as well as management requirements in accordance with ITAR standards using MS Office 365, MS Visio, Adobe Creative Suite, MS Sharepoint, Atlassian Jira, MS Teams and Zoom.

Raytheon Intelligence and Space
Technical Writer
El Segundo, CA
August 2021 – January 2021

Initiated, wrote and edited all process, procedural and instructional documentation working with Section Managers and SMEs for Digital Technology, Program Execution as well as initiated and organized the network documentation library and governance system using MS Office 365, MS SharePoint, MS Teams, Zoom, Adobe Photoshop, MS Visio, Atlassian Jira and Atlassian Confluence.

Industrial Dynamics / Filtec
Technical Publications Manager
Torrance, CA September
2018 – April 2020

Edited and updated legacy technical manuals as well as the writing of new manuals for Filtec Inspections systems mechanical and software applications using Adobe Framemaker 2019, Adobe CS 2019, Confluence, Jira, Space Claim and MS Office. This included interfacing and interviewing subject matter experts, procuring vendors and services, managing documentation controls as well as, planning, scheduling, budgeting, hiring, initiating and managing manual creation along with multi-lingual translations, translation vendors and specialists for translation of legacy and updated manuals. This effort exceeded all goals for fiscal year 2019.

Troll Systems Corp
Senior Technical Writer/ Marketing
Valencia, CA
June 2008-September 2018

Created all technical manuals as well as promotional materials for their line of microwave high definition video and data link systems for aerospace and commercial broadcast clients. This included IP network documentation as well as mechanical and software applications based control systems using Adobe Framemaker 12, Adobe CS6 and MS Office.
Eaton Aerospace Senior Technical Writer
Glendale, CA November 2007-June 2008 (contract position)
Contracted for writing and editing test procedures detailing their line of Hydraulic valves and actuators for client aircraft systems including Boeing (C17, 737, 747, 777, 787), Airbus (A350, A380, A400) and DOD (F35).

Boeing Space and Intelligence
Product Data Management Specialist
El Segundo, CA
January 2006 - October 2007 (contract position)

Contracted to write and edit engineering specifications, statements of work, test procedures and operations manuals to MIL SPEC standards for the hardware and software requirements for Modular Test Systems of Aerospace Electrical Ground Equipment. Edited both flight and non-flight specifications for Component Engineering and Materials & Processes divisions of Boeing Space and Intelligence Systems for the Satellite Development Center using MS Word, MS Excel, Visio, Adobe Acrobat, Canvas 9 and a proprietary content management system. Interfaced with subject matter experts as well as gathered network data to manage document editing and updates. Submitted weekly status reports to management and processed all documents to completion through entire regulatory approval and release cycles.

Anthony International
Technical Writer
Sylmar, CA May
2005-January 2006 (contract position)

Restructured, organized and recreated all of the technical documentation of all electro-mechanical assemblies. Provided extensive additional direction and support to Change Control Board, Document Control, Marketing and Engineering using Adobe CS, MS Office Suite, AutoCAD 2000i and Solidworks.

Special Devices Inc.
Technical Documentation
Moorpark, CA
February 2005-May 2005 (contract position)

Documented the manufacturing procedures for DOD aerospace projects, including initiator assemblies and secondary propulsion systems for Hellfire and Titan missile subsystems as well as aircraft ejection modules.

Nikota USA
Technical Publications Manager
City of Industry, CA
December 2003 - February 2005

Organized and managed the technical publications department including subcontracting, project distribution and supervision, research, writing and editing of all owners manuals, service manuals as well as web content featuring video and slide show Quick Start Guides and FAQ’s. This information documented the full line of Nikota products, which includes power tools, motorized vehicles, electric scooters and hardware.

Halloween Club / Aahs Gifts
Sales Manager
Santa Fe Springs, CA
August 2003 - December.2003 (seasonal position)

Managed, full time, daily retail operations for Halloween season. Trained and supervised approximately twenty sales associates while simultaneously managing customer service operations for four separate internal departments.

Rock It Documents / Tech-X
Proprietor- Senior Writer / Designer
Los Angeles, CA
January 2002–Present (freelance)

Founded Tech-X, Specialists in technical documentation, writing and design. Projects have included the operations and maintenance manuals for several special effects systems for Warner Bros Movie World in Madrid. These effects systems included electronic, electro-mechanical systems, hydraulic, high-pressure gas emission, motion control, pneumatic and hydro-effects as well as fire generating equipment for flame effects. Designed, wrote and created consumer manuals for Alltrade Tools and All Power America including line art, digital images, layout and editing. Other projects included the creation and design of logo artwork, marketing campaign content and materials for Magic Laundry, Advanced Limousine, Ravenswood Film Productions among others.

CMC Script and Graphics
Operations Manager / Graphic Designer
Hollywood, CA
May 2002-August 2003

Performed graphic design and layout work for all phases of artistic design, scanning, photo retouch, color correction and graphic layout for digital and pre-press production, including color separations using Adobe Photoshop 7.0, Quark Express, Adobe Illustrator, Adobe Acrobat and Adobe Pagemaker 6.5 in both Mac and Windows environments. Responsible for scheduling, inspection, quality assurance and all aspects of invoicing, billing, and collections using Quick Books Pro 2000 as well as P.O.P. customer service functions.

Walt Disney Imagineering
Senior Technical Writer
Glendale, CA
March 2001- December 2001 (contract position)

Researched, wrote, organized and edited technical as well as maintenance manuals in the Special Effects discipline for the Tokyo Disney Sea Disney theme park for Walt Disney Imagineering. These documents encompassed a wide variety of special effects systems including several different projection systems, fiber optic systems, motion control assemblies, active matrix displays, smoke effect systems, detailed high pressure gas emission equipment, high pressure hydro-effect systems, plumbing systems, lighting effects, liquid nitrogen distribution and emission equipment as well as all pneumatic and electro-mechanical systems used to augment and control these effects. These manuals were written using Adobe Framemaker 6.0, Adobe Photoshop 6.0, AutoCAD 2000 and Adobe Acrobat 5.0. This included converting manuals to both CD-Rom and web versions using Adobe Acrobat 5.0 and Corel Draw.

EDUCATION

Southwest Institute of Technology
Associates of Applied Sciences
Austin, TX 1989-1991

Tulsa Junior College
English Composition
Tulsa, OK 1985-1986

COMPUTER SKILLS

Word for Microsoft Office 2000
Excel for Microsoft Office 2000
Word for Microsoft Office 2003
Excel for Microsoft Office 2003
Word for Microsoft Office 2007
Excel for Microsoft Office 2007
Powerpoint for Office 2007
Visio
MS Office 365
MS Sharepoint
Atlassian Jira
Atlassian Confluence
Camtasia Studio
Quark Xpress
Lucidchart
HTML
Snag-it Screen Capture
AutoCAD release 13, release 14, 2000i and LT
Adobe Creative Suite (CS3 thru CS6)
Adobe Photoshop
Adobe Acrobat Pro
Adobe Illustrator
Adobe In Design
Adobe Pagemaker 6.5
Adobe Framemaker 6.0 thru 2019
Contact this candidate