R.SWATHI
Address for communication:
Vishram Oasis, W4 F3, e-mail id : adwbal@r.postjobfree.com
Neerali amman kovil streat, Mobile No : 956-***-**** Thalambur-130, Chennai,
Tamilnadu -India.
OBJECTIVE
Efficient Technical Writer with six years of experience versatile experience in Technical publication domain. Experienced in creating technical documents for Aerospace, Wind Turbine, Oil & Gas, and for Healthcare domain. Extensive understanding of technical research and updating records. Willingness to take on added responsibilities to meet team goals. Strong technical background with Engineering graduate degree. Excellent organization, communication and writing skills. Highly motivated individual able to grasp complex software and learn quickly.
WORK EXPERIENCE
Company Name HCL Technology
Designation Senior Technical Writer
Total Experience Feb 25th, 2021 to Till date
Projects KLA
Project Desciption KLA Corporation is an American capital equipment company based in Milpitas, California. It supplies process control and yield management systems for the semiconductor industry and other related Nano electronics industries.
Responsibilities
Writing, Editing, Formatting and coordinating with SME.
Involved in creation of user manuals, release notes and help files for software applications like office connect, Talent acquisition, CPPM, A supply and IT help desk, etc. for the organization.
Involved in designing, writing and reviewing (Self reviewing and peer check) of the documents.
Used Photographs, screenshots, animation and flow charts that increase users understanding.
Involved in creation of installation guides and releases note for hardware equipment’s.
Interacted with SME’s from other locations in
Webex/Teams meetings to gather information of the
product.
Given inputs in creating templates for installation guide and release notes.
Ensured strict compliance with standards and templates in documentation. Track document progress and revisions and provide status reports to lead.
Maintain records and files of work and revisions.
Follow up and reporting of TDQ (Technical Data Query).
Assure planned work flow development of work order in conformity to customer standards.
Quality reviewing the final product deliveries & query handling.
Impart training to fresh batch of employees.
Prepare presentations for knowledge sharing sessions & training team on specs and standards for Technical Publications.
Project management, technical and quality review of deliverable.
Company Name Teamware Solution (Deployed in TCS chennai) Designation Technical Writer / Content Writer & PLM Tool Change Co- ordinator.
Total Experience Jan 21st, 2019 to June 15, 2020
Project GE Healthcare
Project Description GE Power is a world energy leader providing equipment, solutions and services across the energy value chain from generation to consumption.
Role Change Co-ordinator
Role &
Responsibilities
Role: Change Co-ordinator
Responsibilities:
Reviewing Engineering BOM (EBOM) structures and
Manufacturing (MBOM) BOM structures for Accessory
components and Flange to Flange components for Gas Turbine, Steam Turbine and Generators.
Creating and progressing Engineering Change Request and Engineering Change Order to implement the changes mentioned by site Engineers in PLM.
Reviewing and implementing the Vendor drafting
documents in PLM.
Careful implementation of Web Based Simulation
Environment (WBSE) structures for components in
required BOM changes.
Reviewing and supporting Field Modification Instructions
(FMI) to implement the changes for the shipped/order placed components.
Validating Enterprise Organisation report and handling MCO implementations for Engineering Parts in PLM.
Role: Part Specialist
Responsibilities:
Validating fastener components and verifying with Manufacturing Equivalent Parts to identify the Standard Engineering Parts.
Identifying and creating alternate parts in PLM for fastener components with Standard imperial and metrics system parts.
Implementing the Engineering parts in correct Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Manufacturing Responsibilities in PLM.
Role: RPDM to PLM Migration
Responsibilities:
Migration of Engineering Parts and specification from RPDM server to Enovia PLM.
Validating BOM structure in RPDM server and
implementing the same BOM structure in PLM.
Company Name Cornet Technology India Pvt Limited
Designation Technical Writer
Total Experience Jan 31st, 2018 to Nov 20th, 2018
Projects ESM Processor Chassis, Checkout Equipment (COE) Responsibilities Content Creation with respect to the product specifications.
Editing for quality
Internal updates
Version control
Proposal creation
On-time delivery
Company Name Indus Teqsite Pvt Limited
Designation Technical Writer
Total Experience Dec 01, 2014 to March 2017
Project Identification of Friend or Foe (IFF), RADAR Target System
(RTS), Precision Approach RADAR (PAR)
Responsibilities ● Develop contents from requirements capture and design documents as well as interviews with Subject Matter Expert (SME).
● Interfaced with customers for clearing comments and new updates.
● Created and reviewed technical documents parallel to various phases of Hardware and Software
development life cycle (Requirements analysis,
Development, System Integration, Testing and
Delivery of Product).
● Verify the development of tractability matrices to link requirements to the test cases.
● Conduct peer reviews and demonstrates proficiency with the reviewing, authoring, graphics and other tools needed for working with technical documentation.
● Execute simultaneous documentation projects for
multiple projects and troubleshoot documentation
issues
● Report activities on the weekly basis.
● Participating design reviews conducted by Design Review Board and updating the technical documents
as per review comments.
COMPUTING TOOLS
● Arbor text - XML Editor (Level: Advanced)
● DITA (Level: Advanced)
● Adobe Frame Maker (Level: Intermediate)
● Solid works (Level: Basic)
● ENOVIA PLM (Level: Advanced)
● Madcap Flare (Level: Advanced)
● JT2GO (Level: Advanced)
● Acrobat reader (Level: Advanced)
● Coral draw 12 & Coral photo paint
● Diagramming Tool: Microsoft Visio, SnagIt and Photoshop TRACK RECORD
● Got client appreciation for the on-time delivery of user manuals (System) for Wide band receiver and Narrowband receiver.
● Got Project Manager Appreciation for the successful on-time delivery of user manuals, Maintenance manuals, and Master Drawing Index for RADAR Target System (RTS).
● Keen Knowledge in RTCA/DO-254 standard manuals by studying various RTCA approved manuals given by NAL customer.
● Excellent analytical and interpersonal skills and committed to highest level of professional and personal excellence.
DECLARATION
I hereby declare that the information furnished above is true and correct to the best of my knowledge and belief.
Date: Yours Faithfully
Place: Chennai (SWATHI. R)
Contact this candidate