Tonia Thompson
South Mills, NC ***** 607-***-**** adwf4x@r.postjobfree.com
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
Proficient project manager (PMP certified), release manager, scrum master (SAFe certified) and technical writer, with over 30 years’ experience leading a plethora of projects and documenting a wide variety of technical manuals. Able to succinctly break down complex procedures into easy-to-understand processes.
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Sentara
DevOps Release Manager 8/20 to Present
Worked in Atlassian Jira, Jira Align, Confluence, ServiceNow and MS Teams
Managed releases for Sentara’s Digital Solutions (DS) Department which produces two web and mobile applications: “Sentara” and “Optima Health.”
Refined, documented, and created templates for the release process in Confluence as there were previously no templates and only a few, brief instructions.
Created fix versions in Jira for each release and ensured that all tickets were moved to the resolved status when the release was complete.
Created a “hub” of checklists in Confluence for each release and worked with the Agile teams to document all the work done in preparation for the release, and ensure that no steps in the process were missed.
Scheduled releases for Regression, UAT and Production to ensure there were no overlapping or conflicting releases on the schedule. To facilitate this, created a Release Calendar in MS Teams that all members of the Agile Release Train (ART) could access to make the release process more transparent.
Created sub-tasks for each release in ServiceNow and ensured that team members followed through on closing their respective tasks.
Created release and change tickets in ServiceNow and submitted them into the approval workflow and into the queue for the Change Approval Board (CAB).
Scheduled production release calls and invited team(s) to the calls and acted as a facilitator.
Organized and facilitated release retrospectives for each release using IdeaBoardz. Started collecting action items from these retros and made another Teams channel for transparent tracking of action items.
Closed out releases in Jira and ServiceNow and maintained a document repository of complete (and incomplete) releases.
Communicated release plans and schedules to the ART and business stakeholders.
Coached and trained new ART team members on the release process and prepared PowerPoint demonstrations for reuse in lunch and learn activities.
DevOps Scrum Master for Infrastructure Team 8/20 to Present
Acted as a servant-leader the Digital Solutions Infrastructure team, which provided the architectural runway for the ART and simultaneously provided a second layer of support for the ART and also provided support on pipelines which were in Azure Kubernetes.
Coached the team of five developers to become self-managing by leading PI Planning sessions on story-point estimating, standards in Jira ticket creation and in creating and documenting team agreements.
Maintained the team dashboard in Jira to include a section that alerted the whole team to the receipt of a support ticket. Added charts around performance metrics such as sprint burn-down, and distribution of tickets by release and epic.
Led the daily stand-up Agile ceremony and documented all post-scrum discussion.
Worked with Product Owner to create clear objectives and epics that were discussed and accepted by the entire team. Documented team PI and Sprint objectives, risks, and dependencies in Jira Align. Coordinated with other Agile teams where there were external dependencies.
Worked with Product Owner to refine backlog stories and ensured stories were linked to epics, had sufficient acceptance criteria and met the team’s definition of ready.
Participated in Iteration Review and led Iteration Retrospectives and documented and followed up on action items.
Worked with other teams in the ART to escalated any issues team members had with access or work items.
Let iteration retrospectives and documented all feedback and action items. Followed up on action item completion.
Created guidelines in Confluence on how the infrastructure team would provide support and documented the steps which to follow before reaching out to the infrastructure team for support.
Cloud Project Coordinator 5/19 to 8/20
Supported three project managers to migrate all Sentara software applications to the cloud.
Allscripts 3/17 to 12/18
Sr. Technical Writer
Worked with software developers to update care management system documentation.
Netsmart 8/16 to 3/17
Sr. Technical Writer
Updated Homecare documentation in FrameMaker and DITA.
Allscripts 9/15 to 6/16
Sr. Technical Writer
Performed audit of healthcare financial software documentation.
Worked with software developers to update radiology and hospital patient-flow systems documentation.
Future State (formerly TechProse) 1/10 to 04/15
Project Manager, Ericsson, San Jose, California 6/13 to 4/15
Managed team of six instructional designers on company-wide initiative for e-learning.
Created the schedule and work breakdown structure.
Acted as scrum master in Agile development environment.
Edited e-learning documentation on the software development life cycle (SDLC)
Project Manager, Federal Express, Collierville, Tennessee 1/10 to 6/13
Managed team of technical writers and editors.
Created schedule, scope and quality management plans.
Estimated man-hours, prepared work breakdown structures and managed risk.
Ensured strict adherence to scope and schedule on a budget exceeding $500,000
Managed the style sheets, conditions and variables within a DITA environment, and the collaborative cloud-based content management system (DocZone).
Authored change orders as required and performed all project close-out activities.
TechProse 8/02 to 12/09
Sr. Technical Writer, Alstom, Hornell, New York 8/02 to 12/09
Managed small team of technical writers, editors and illustrators for multiple light rail vehicle (LRV) documentation updates related to mid-life overhauls.
Managed quality control, adherence to contract scope, and payment systems.
Sr. Technical Writer, Motive Power, Boise, Idaho 3/07 to 7/09
Authored document development guidelines for other team writers, editors and illustrators.
Wrote maintenance, overhaul, operating, troubleshooting and training materials for a new diesel locomotive.
Sr. Technical Writer, Kawasaki Rail Car, Yonkers, New York 10/07 to 8/09
Lead team of technical writers to create documentation for LRVs.
Quickly addressed technical issues with incomplete OEM documentation and remediated.
Sr. Technical Writer, Metropolitan Transit Authority, New York, NY 1/08 to 4/08
Managed a team of remotely located illustrators and technical writers to produce manufacturing design changes in the form of “change pages.”
Interfaced with customers to ensure satisfaction and highest level of quality.
Corning Incorporated 10/00 to 1/02
Documentation Specialist
Developed a variety of internal telecommunication amplifier documents including Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs) and Machine Specifications for coupler draw machines.
Audited document creation processes to improve quality and reduce man-hours.
Received Division Cash Award (DCA) for demonstrating leadership and excellence in standardizing documentation.
Created fiber optic wrap diagrams in Adobe InDesign to reflect as-built specifications.

Adecco TAD Technical 3/97 to 10/00
Technical Writer
Supervised six Adecco technical writers at Corning to ensure all documentation met quality/scope standards and was delivered on time.
Organized a group of six people on a long-term project to audit and improve existing documentation in the Photonics Technologies Division.
Created customized templates and wrote SOPs, Machine and Material Specifications, Training Modules and Bills of Materials to ISO 9000 standards for Corning Incorporated.
Trained client documentation coordinators on the use of advanced MS Word features to increase efficiency and created customized templates to improve quality.
Morrison Knudsen 5/90 to 1/97
Technical Writer
Interfaced with customers and suppliers to ensure all requirements were met.
Researched and wrote maintenance, troubleshooting, training, and overhaul process manuals for various mass transit authorities.
Incorporated engineering change notices to ensure the finished documentation reflected the “as built” status of the product.

EDUCATION
B.A., Mass Communications, St. Bonaventure University 5/88
Secondary Concentration, Political Science
Ealing College of Higher Education, London, England Fall 1987 Semester

CERTIFICATIONS
Project Management Professional (PMP), Project Management Institute, 2014, Member ID 2940123
Certified SAFe 5 DevOps Practitioner, Certificate ID 303*****-****
Certified SAFe 5 Scrum Master, Certificate ID 731*****-****
Certified SAFe 5 Release Train Engineer, Certificate ID 252*****-****
DevOps-Certification.org, Release Manager, Certificate ID 783***********
Contact this candidate