BARBARA ANN FRANKLIN
PO Box *****
Baton Rouge, LA 70896
adwgdz@r.postjobfree.com
225-***-**** – home
225-***-****

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Change Management and Business Analyst Consulting 01/99-present
Project manager, functional analyst, technical writer, and trainer for software and hardware development projects. Team leader for organizational change management for Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC). Developed Business Process Procedures (BPPs). Project Manager and developer for Sales and Distribution, Controlling, Human Capital Management, Project System, and Financial Modules for public and private sector projects. Developed SAP test plans, scripts, use cases, and scenarios for configuration. Facilitated training workshops for Super Users. Managed projects and funding with SAP Project System, SAP Solution Manager, and Microsoft Office Project 2007. Developed auditing process and security documentation for client/server systems. Conducted information systems auditing for SAP implementations.

SAP project manager, trainer, help desk support, and configuration consultant at Johns Hopkins Hospital and Health System, School of Medicine, and University for SAP Grants Management, Project System, Supply Chain Management, Supplier Relationship Management, Human Capital Management, and Business Warehouse modules. Analyzed and configured SAP R/3 4.6, 4.7, and 6.0 for implementation. Provided business analysis and user support for Grants Management interfaces and integration points with Funds Management, Controlling, Financial Accounting, Materials Management, Human Capital Management, Travel Management, and Records Management. Analyzed Grants Management process flows in Workflow. Configured Grants Management sponsor master data and sponsored classes/programs for setting up, maintaining, and reporting awards for Sponsored Projects in compliance with regulations, institutional policies, and sponsor requirements. Developed web-based help text for Project System. Delivered SAP Project System and Human Capital Management classroom training for implementation. Provided analysis for help desk issues from customer tickets due to SAP implementation. Developed processes and procedures for SAP Level 1 help desk support staff.

Coordinated Education and Training for SAP Finance, Manufacturing, Project System, Order Management, Aftermarket, and Supply Chain implementations for Honeywell Aerospace. Developed and distributed project communications for Education and Training plans. Conducted role mapping sessions with management for the approval of the assignment of user roles and security authorizations. Designed and developed curriculum plans and web-based courses based on SAP end user roles. Populated training client environment with training data and tested training exercises for configuration customizations. Scheduled training facilities and renovations and coordinated orders and installation for computer software and hardware for training requirements.

Designed and developed Supply Chain Management, Advanced Planning and Optimization, and Supply Network Planning web-based e-learning courses for SAP America using storyboarding, Info Pak, Macromedia Flash and Macromedia Dream weaver. The courses were designed for user roles.

Vignon Corporation 06/08—2/09
SAP Grants (Grantee) Management and Grantor Management Analyst

Analyzed, developed, and mapped SAP Grantee and Grantor Management business requirements for Blueprint sessions and system configurations for the State of Louisiana. Tracked project, software design, and configuration issues for resolution using SAP Solution Manager. Edited and developed BPP documentation.

SAP Training/Change Management Lead

Developed Microsoft Office Electronic Calendar scheduling for SAP training sessions for SAP technical and functional staff. Coordinated and scheduled SAP training sessions.

BARBARA ANN FRANKLIN PAGE TWO

The Coca-Cola Company 11/97-12/98
SAP Training Course Developer

Coordinated business analysis workshops. Met with customers and developed Customer Information Templates for customer requirements. Developed business process flows. Developed international training curriculum plans and change management processes. Designed and developed Education and Training courses for the Project System, Material Management, Fixed Assets, Business Warehouse, Quality Management, and Sales and Distribution SAP modules. These courses were delivered to international corporate, financial accounting and internal auditing departments, manufacturing, and Coca-Cola Enterprises clients. Developed SAP BPPs. Configured Education and Training server for lesson exercises. Tested SAP modules and provided production support. Developed training exercises and populated training client environment with training data. Courses used for training trainers and classroom delivery for students.

IBM Corporation 05/82-3/97
Staff Information Developer

Project manager, technical writer, and functional business analyst for SAP Sales and Distribution User’s Guide, on-line helps, and training materials for global IBM Marketing Customer Relationship Management (CRM) database. Provided ISO 9001 audit coordination and documented ISO 90001 procedures for mainframe, PC, mid-range and client/server systems. Coordinated JAD customer sessions to develop BPPs. Developed SAP Sales and Distribution business requirements. Programmed SQL queries for producing development resource reports. Programmed ABAP code modifications. Developed test plans, scripts, use cases, and scenarios. Tested product enhancements, user procedures, and on-line documentation. Project manager and technical writer for client/server manuals, help text, and multi-media tutorials for the IBM Operating System/2 (OS/2) and the AS/400. Tested on-line documentation. ISO 90001 audit coordinator and website developer. Technical writer for the IBM Check Processing Control System Systems Manager Guide, Installation Guide, and Customization Guide. Writer for IBM HPTS help text for the IBM Operation System/2 (OS/2). Tested help text panels. Planner for 4700 Finance Computer System hardware documentation. Planner for IBM Personal Computer System hardware documentation. Technical writer for
IBM Integrated Information Storage and Retrieval User’s Guide and Systems Administration Guide for Health and Pharmaceutical Industries.

Business development coordinator for internal and external information systems consulting and marketing communications. Developed marketing communications, public relations, and training documentation.
Project interface for call center support, external customers, marketing representatives, and business partners. Developed customer surveys and customer satisfaction measurements. Change and risk management coordinator for projects. Project manager for projects for cross-platform software, mainframe environments, IBM AS/400 Construction Management and Accounting System II (CMAS II), and IBM AS/400 Distribution Management and Accounting System II (DMAS), and IBM Oil and Gas Exploration and Production Data Access System. Developed documentation library design and implementation strategy. Project lead for electronic documentation management software process and procedures. Hired, assigned, and oversaw the work of writers and subcontractors. Conducted technical edits and evaluations. Developed requests for information, requests for proposals, proposals, and contracts. Conducted usability testing. Managed contracts and writing vendors. Managed project budgets that exceeded 2 million dollars.

Associate Information Developer
Technical Coordinator/Planner for IBM Personal Computer telecommunications and LAN software products. Managed writing vendors. Developed technical specifications, system design documentation, and system architecture documentation and process flows. Developed usability testing plans.

Wrote and revised the following technical manuals:
-IBM Programmer’s Guide to the Server-Requester Programming Interface for the IBM Personal Computer and the IBM 3270 PC
-IBM RT PC Guide to Operations
-IBM 5520 Administrative System manuals
-IBM 5280 Distributed Data System manuals

BARBARA ANN FRANKLIN PAGE THREE

IBM CORPORATION 1981 (Summer)
Editorial Assistant
Proofread, edited, and revised technical manuals.

ENTERGY 8/79-8/80
Computer Programmer
Programmed in PL/1 and OS/VS JCL on an IBM 370 terminal.

TECHNICAL SKILLS
Hardware
IBM Personal Computers
IBM AS/400
IBM 3270
Macintosh
IBM RT PC
Dell Computers
IBM Xstation 130
Gateway/Intel

Programming Languages Operating Systems Software
BASIC

VM
OS/2
Adobe
PeopleSoft
Robohelp
COBOL

MVS
OV/400
Macromedia
Microsoft Office 2007
Microsoft
Project 2007
Pl/1

DOS
AIX/6000
IBM DB2
SAP
Lotus Suite

HP-UNIX

SGML
Windows NT

HTML
Rational

Photoshop

IBM Product Applications
AS/400 CMAS II
PC LAN
ImagePlus High Performance Transaction System
IBM WorkGroup for OS/400
AS/400 DMAS
Check Processing System
Integrated Information Storage and Retrieval (Health Industry)
High-Level Application Program Interface

EDUCATION
Doctorate of Business Administration Candidate
California Coast University, Santa Ana, CA

MBA Candidate – Information Systems Major 1981-1982
Clark Atlanta University Graduate School of Business, Atlanta, GA

B.A. Journalism, 1978 3.7 GPA (4.0 Scale)
Southern University Baton Rouge, LA
AWARDS
The Coca-Cola Company Informal Award 1998
IBM Informal Awards 1987, 1988, 1990, 1993, 1995
IBM Excellence Award, 1989
STC Certificate of Achievement for CMAS Marketing Brochure, 1990
Contact this candidate