301-***-****
adwjsr@r.postjobfree.com
**** ********* ** *********, **
Professional Summary
History of SECRET Security Clearance (DoD and DHS) with over 20 years of experience in Project Management, Technical Writing, Documentation Repository Management, 508 Compliance Adherence and support of functional and performance testing. Interested in obtaining a position where my experience with project leadership, process improvement, and quality improvement is leveraged.
Skills Summary
Expert in MS Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Project), Adobe Acrobat, Confluence, Zenhub, Sharepoint, SmartSheets
Familiar with MS Visual Basic, Jira, Lucid Charts, Visio, and FreshService
Proficient in Authoring Tools (RoboHelp, AuthorIT), testing tools: JMeter, Blazemeter, Rational Robot
Web-site development utilizing various technologies, including HTML coding
Troubleshooting networking problems on diagnostic equipment (various platforms)
QA Analysis (Natural Science and IT sectors)
Programming Languages: Java, HTML, xHTML, and Basic
Operating Systems: Windows, Mac OS, Unix (Sun Solaris)
Work History
Sr. Document Architect/Project Manager
Avaneer Health, remote
November 2021 – February 2023

Managed Technical teams, preparing net-new application on a novel platform, for a Founding Member. Worked with closely with client resources and multiple technical groups, to prepare environments, configure connectivity, and install and test the application, in both a development and production environment.
Established SharePoint and Confluence repositories for multiple teams within the organization, and created templates within each instance, to ensure consistent, exceptional documentation for clients across the organization.
Created project plan and dashboard in SmartSheets for use with my FM and templated it for use across the company.
Created additional dashboards in FreshService, allowing tracking of project needs, and progress.
Established versioning, nomenclature and style guide for organization.
Created macros to support emerging business processes, formatted documents to leverage streamlined processes and support automation of data transfer, and created templates for Confluence, SmartSheets, Word, PowerPoint, Excel for use across the organization.
Completed platform comparisons (ReadtheDocs, GitBook, ReadMe and Confluence), and crafted proof of concept to support information sharing between development teams, supporting solutions and instruction on the AH network.
Conducted proof of concept evaluations of multiple tools including Miro, Atlas, and multiple Confluence add-ins.
Worked with all pillars of a rapidly growing IT organization to template, document, proof, brand and prepare for dissemination all types of documentation and other communications.
Drafted and presented training videos, PowerPoint presentations, and Confluence space used in onboarding and continuing education.
Drafted Organizational requirements, including PMP aligned Communications Management Plan, edited all security documentation in support SOC 2 certification and all service portal knowledge base documentation.

Program Support Lead/ Sr. Federal Documentation Quality Consultant, AbleVets/Cerner, Washington, DC
March 2019-November 2021

Trained FDQC team members on company policies and procedures.
Worked with the Engineering team, establishing a Zenhub board for agile management.
Supported program leadership preparing presentation materials, edited and submitted formal deliverables, and client communications with an emphasis on quality and timeliness.
Provided Quality Assurance support process for creating RoboHelp documentation, saving author time, reducing redundant process, reducing human error, by leveraging existing technology.
Supported Federal Document Quality Control (FDQC), edited deliverables with an eye for 508 compliance, ensuring style sheet conformity and uniformity across the project.
Created timesaving process for identifying acronyms and crafting document specific acronym list now used across all Task Orders.

Performance Test Engineer, AbleVets/Chantilly, VA Contract, (remote)
April 2016-June 2018

Worked as part of a team developing and executing load scripts and scenarios using JMeter’s test suite. With my knowledge of the application, I developed test cases based on system workflows. Once defined, scripts were developed to replicate expected workloads. I helped to organize output data and developed analysis reports, performance test plans, shareholder communications, and information assurance documentation.
Additional projects included beta testing software and making recommendations based on findings.
Created technical reports, analysis reporting and training materials.

Sr. Technical Writer/Consultant, DHS/USCIS/Washington D.C. Contract, (remote)
2009-2012

Led creation of over 500 documents to support major federal infrastructure implementation, covering planning, communication, testing, security, procedures, training materials, as well as public facing, and cleared resource audience specific end user documentation.
Coordinated communications between stakeholders in CONUS and OCONUS locations.
Provided technical documentation support to SMEs in the field.
Coordinated/guided implementation efforts.
Ran functional testing on procedures and provided guidance to privileged users.
Validated minor script functionality.
Awarded quarterly commendations, and clear language award.

Technical Writer/Business Development, Y3K Consulting L.L.C., Fairfax, VA
2007-2016

Spearheaded effort and conducted negotiations with the General Services Administration.
Won GSA IT Schedule 70 MAS contract (June 2008).
Achieved certification with the NWBOC (April 2008), SWaM (June 2008), SBA (April 2008).
Developed and implemented marketing plan to identify new business pipelines for the company, including hosting space at tradeshows, writing grant and contract proposals, and working with customers to scale and fill needs specifically during growth phases.
Researched and wrote technical documentation for grant proposals, contract proposals, quality control plans and various other documents as needed.
Recruited qualified technical resources for all created opportunities.
Worked with technical consultants to layout and complete technical manuals for development projects at customer sites.
Performed quality control analysis for technical support contracts.
Conducted day-to-day operations of a small technical consulting company including management of personnel and serving as liaison with client base.

Website Developer and Marketing,
Y3kConsulting L.L.C., Fairfax VA.
2002-2006

Lead the effort to layout and design a new website for emerging corporate entity.
Managed the artistic approach for organizational website.
Created supplemental marketing materials.
Coded the site, using HTML, and debugged small java applets for increased functionality.
Developed documentation to support the web site and simplify updates.
Helped to troubleshoot issues with the site and resolve issues as needed.

Nuclear Medicine Technologist
1993-2005

Normal daily operations including daily quality control, complex compliance documentation, and ongoing quality assurance on multiple nuclear medicine cameras, printers, and analytical tools, patient care, and performance of all nuclear procedures. I had the opportunity to hone my troubleshooting skills solving networking and connectivity problems.
Additionally, I created and/or updated policy and procedure manuals, wrote white papers, and made recommendations to improve accuracy and quality of care by decreasing recordable events and medication errors. I conducted and offered improvements for daily surveys, decontamination, and safety procedures. At Rockingham memorial Hospital, I assisted with go-live issues on hospital wide Medi-Tech installation.
Customers: Rockingham Memorial Hospital, Harrisonburg, VA Johns Hopkins Hospital, Baltimore, MD Franklin Square Hospital, Baltimore, MD St. Joseph’s Hospital, Baltimore, MD Prince William Hospital, Manassas, VA Laurel Regional Hospital, Laurel, MD Peninsula Regional Medical Center, Salisbury, MD
Education
BA, IT Management,

Nuclear Medicine Technology

BA, Biology
University of Maryland, College Park, MD
In Progress
University of Virginia Health Sciences Center, 1992-1993
University of Virginia, Charlottesville, VA
1988-1992
Certifications
PMP, 2018
ITIL, 2009
CNMT, 2003
Presentations

Society of Nuclear Medicine, 2003
Utilizing Height/Weight ratio to select Thallium 201 Chloride vs. Technetium 99m SestaMIBI to maximize scan resolution.
Johns Hopkins Hospital, 1999
Gave expert advice and guidance to improve patient interface and design of a Gamma Camera specifically designed for scinti- mammography.
UVA 1993 Nuclear cardiology
Studied patient habitus and technical limitation of imaging agents to maximize scan resolution and patient benefits.
UVA, 1991 Circadian rhythms
Studied the effect of light/dark cycles on the suckling behavior of Hamster pups.
Contact this candidate