Qualifications Summary
Dynamic ** year product support career working in corporate and public environments
Skilled in strategic planning and implementation, able to prioritize effectively, multi-task and achieve objectives within time and budget
A clear and dynamic communicator skilled in presenting proposals to diverse audiences and negotiate agreements with sponsors and vendors
Experience Highlights
Project Management
Led numerous teams in developing corporate and departmental policies, procedures, styles and standards
Led multi-discipline, multi-national team to develop corporate internationalization policies, procedures and standards across product lines, culminating in first corporate ISO certification
Developed multi-national print procurement process resulting in $750,000 first year cost savings
Developed and implemented concurrent documentation and training development process resulting in average four-month reduction in deliverables schedule
Product Management
Served as Director of Product Support for small software firm specializing in AEC (architectural, engineering and construction) support, areas of responsibility included marketing, sales, training, customer support and end user documentation
Developed and managed international product roll-out plan
Led development and launched new product line of off-the-shelf training packages to support Process Control industry
Marketing
Managed product development $1.5M budget for new product line of off-the-shelf training packages, including sales and marketing strategy development, product development and sales support
Developed and implemented public relations and customer education programs for 33 electrical cooperatives, including PR packages, consumer education packages and continuing education programs for teachers
Developed new product marketing strategy for educational products resulting in 28% ROI over first three quarters after product release
Employment History
Senior Technical Writer/ Team Lead, Gulfstream Aerospace, Savannah, GA (2005-Present)
Developed and maintained Ground Books
Develop and maintain Final Phase manual sets.
Develop new manuals and training materials in support of automated maintenance programs.
Modified FPIM revision process cutting revision time by 50%
Senior Technical Writer, Comforce ITS (contracted to Gulfstream), Savannah, GA (2003-2005)
Led teams in development of Completion Center Maintenance Handbooks (CCMH).
Maintained CCMH Style Guide.
Trained new contractors to use proprietary tools and standards.
Director, Product Support, Databuilt, Inc., Bluffton, SC (2001-2003)
Developed and implemented Product Support group processes and procedures for startup company including pre- and post-sales marketing and user information, policies, procedures, training programs and packages and corporate internationalization/localization, sales, customer service and marketing programs.
Developed and managed international product release plan.
Staffed and managed marketing, customer support, training and publications departments.
Senior Technical Writer, Comforce ITS (contracted to Gulfstream), Savannah, GA (1999-2001)
Led teams in development of Completion Center Maintenance Handbooks.
Developed and maintained CCMH Style Guide.
Trained new contractors to use proprietary tools and standards.
Sabbatical, Savannah, GA (1998-1999)
Cared for terminally ill parent.
Served on Chamber of Commerce Small Business Advisory Council for Technology Development
Team Lead, Product Documentation, Emerson Process Management Group, Austin, TX (1993-1998)
Corporate internationalization/localization process development team member for both software and documentation.
Led two multi-national teams to develop award-winning multi-lingual online help systems.
Developed and implemented multi-national print procurement process resulting in $750,000 first year savings.
Product Development Group Lead, Technical Training Group, Emerson Process Management Group, Austin, TX (1987-1993)
Managed $1.5M new product development budget and 5-person staff.
Led development and launched new product line of off-the-shelf video and CBT training packages to support Process Control industry.
Developed and implemented new product marketing strategy resulting in 28% ROI in first three quarters following introduction.
Senior Technical Writer/Group Lead, Lockheed Missiles and Space Corp., Austin TX (1984-1987)
Supervised 11-person team of writers, trainers and graphic artists supporting classified Defense contracts.
Developed and implemented concurrent documentation and training development process resulting in average four-month reduction in deliverables schedule.
Curriculum Developer/Public Relations Coordinator, Lower Colorado River Authority, Austin, TX (1978-1984)
Developed and implemented 18-month Operations training course for new coal-fired power plant resulting in error-free startup using locally-recruited operators with no prior power plant experience.
Developed and implemented Customer Education programs on environmental affairs and energy conservation for 33 member cooperatives.
Education
1966-1971 University of St. Thomas Houston, TX
BA, Social Science
Multiple continuing education courses in technical writing, product and project management and marketing.
Community Involvement
2022-Present La Grange Rotary Club La Grange, TX
Member
1999-2014 Gordonston Neighborhood Association Savannah, GA
Board Member2009-2012
Cottage Rentals Chair
2003-2017 Savannah Philharmonic Chorus
(formerly Savannah Choral Society) Savannah, GA
Soprano II
Charter board member
Recording Secretary from 2003-2005
1998-1999 Savannah Chamber of Commerce Savannah, GA
Member, Small Business Advisory Council
Chaired Technology Development Group
1999-2003 Savannah Symphony Chorus Savannah, GA
Soprano II
SSO/Chorus liaison, 2001-2003
1992-Present Glory Bound Singers Diocese of Texas
Soprano I
Charter member
Lead Descant
Three recordings: Glory Bound!, Take My Hand and Come to the Water
1993-1998 Austin Symphony Orchestra Auxiliary Austin, TX
Volunteer Usher
Ushered concerts for both ASO and visiting opera companies
Volunteer Coordinator, 1996-1998
Contact this candidate