Anthony L. Wingo
Senior Technical Writer
adx4u0@r.postjobfree.com • 404-***-****
• Peachtree Corners, GA 30092
Summary
Highly motivated, personable, and enterprising technical writing, content development, and data analysis professional with outstanding people skills, extensive information development, software documentation, and project management experience. With a passion for leveraging data analysis techniques and translating complex processes and procedures into easily understandable information in a timely and proficient manner to yield the most effective documentation to drive outstanding business outcomes.
Career Experience
US Courts via ATD Technology February 2022 – June 2023
Technical Writer/
As a technical writer, I created technical documentation, and online help, that assisted US Courts officials in scheduling cases, judges, lawyers and other court officers via internal software packages
Participate in daily Team Stand-Up meetings to discuss progress of bi-weekly sprints
Participate in Sprint Planning, Backlog Grooming, Sprint Review and Peer Review meetings
Update existing technical documentation

Hexagon via eConsultants July 2022 – June 2023
Technical Writer/Instructional Designer
As a technical writer/instructional designer, I created technical documentation for user guides, online help, eLearning courses, interactive presentations, that assisted users and learners in comprehending the functions, processes, and procedures for SDx, SPF and Smart 3D applications.
Participate in daily Team Stand-Up meetings to discuss progress in monthly Sprints
Participate in Sprint Planning, Backlog Grooming, Sprint Review and Peer Review meetings
Update existing technical documentation when Change Requests deem necessary
Review Change Request orders to decide if documentation is needed

CDC, Remote via Prime Technical Services Jan 2022 – April 2022
Technical Writer
As a technical writer, I created Vaccine Task Force documentation for the use of health professionals to comprehend vaccine data use information to be disseminated to the public. This information was used in press releases, social media, and inter-departmental communications to be leveraged by employees to support other governmental internal websites.
Created weekly Communications Reports detailing the use of state by state vaccines and outcomes
Attended and lead team meetings to discover the needs of system users
Distributed technical reports to various teams and groups via SharePoint sites

Gem Shopping Network, Remote via Global Content Feb 2022 – June 2022
Technical Writer
As a technical writer, I researched system applications and documented their use by internal and external users to achieve optimal performance. I also created Confluence Wiki pages documenting the software development lifecycle of system applications to be used by the company internal website.
Learned to use the company’s various different applications so as to document them.
Attended daily SCRUM meetings and Jira Review meetings to document Action Items and the progress of each Sprint
Created 15 Confluence Pages in 3 different Spaces for documenting internal system applications

MoonPay, Remote via APEX Nov 2021 – Dec 2021
Technical Writer
As a technical writer, I created Confluence Wiki pages documenting the use of system applications to be used by employees and support BOTS used on the company internal website.
Learned to use 16 different applications so as to document them.
Attended team meetings to discover the needs of system user
Created 45 Confluence Pages in over 20 different Spaces for documenting internal system applications

Pace-O-Matic, Duluth, GA Mar 2021 – Aug 2021
Technical Writer
Reviewed existing internal system documentation against application builds daily to make updates, corrections and improvements based on development. Create new internal documentation for new systems that are used to support the development of legacy applications, and new API’s that upgraded and supported application. Produce end-user documentation for support personnel to increase comprehension of applications to better serve clients. Attend daily scrum meetings, stand-ups, and sprint review meetings Review Jira issues, epics and stories to update or create new documentation. Update and create new Confluence spaces and pages.
Learned 5 different systems and started documenting or updating the documentation for them in the first week of employment.
Created 7 Confluence spaces and 25 pages for internal documentation.
Produced 6 new user guides, updated 3 existing guides.
Worked with Developers to document the installation, maintenance and purpose of new API’s

Beacon Hill/Colonial Pipeline, Atlanta, GA Oct 2019 – Jan 2021
Technical Writer/Data Analyst
Provided technical writing and data analysis expertise reviewing pipeline data in spreadsheets and reformatted the information into MY Word documents that was able to be easily understood by end users. Partnered with Engineers, Project Managers, and Project Directors to completely revise and update technical documentation. Expertly administered and updated technical documentation in Policy Tech (documentation management system) and reformatted Excel spreadsheets with new data.
Analyzed, compared, rewrote over 300 spreadsheets and technical specifications updating and correcting information.
Coordinated the reorganization of 75 databases containing over 300 document files in collaboration with three departments and twelve engineers.
Attained proficiency in five company applications, data management tools, and document management systems in just five days through independent self-study.

Human Touch, Atlanta, GA (CDC – Client) Jul 2018 – Aug 2020
Technical Writer Specialist
Supplied technical writing and quality assurance services for the eHARS system which tracks HIV and AIDS in the USA. Generated and revised online help systems, user/technical guides, instructional design text leveraging tools including Robo Help/MadCap Flare, MS Word, Visio, SnagIt, and SharePoint. Collected and analyzed information on upcoming software releases from weekly Change Control Board meetings which tracked and included details on the progress of the Agile software development processes. Provided key feedback in the Peer Review process for other writers’ deliverables to ensure appropriate and consistent style, format, and content, as well as accurate information.
Successfully authored a 1500-page technical reference manual, a 300-page user and training combo guide, a 15-page release notes, and an online help system with over 600 topics. Developed technical documentation based on exhaustive meetings with SMEs, reviews of technical specifications, testing current software builds, and attending SCRUM meetings.
Independently acquired knowledge of a CDC software system with over 300 processes and procedures for over 10 million patients/users amounting to 50 gigabytes of data.
Oversaw Peer Review process for three other writers supporting 30 instructional design systems, 15 manuals/guides, and two online help systems containing over 600 topics.
Worked with API, algorithm, UX and UI developers and architects to document internal processes and procedures that were automated with the new integrations.
Self Employed, Atlanta, GA (Various Clients) Feb 2018 – Present
Freelance Contract Technical Writer
Established independent business to deliver development and enhancement of Online Help Systems, User’s Guides, Job Aides, Training programs and videos, instructional design text, and Getting Started guides in multiple formats such as RoboHelp/MadCap Flare, MS Word, Visio, and PowerPoint. Focused on improving user comprehension and reducing user calls to the support department.
Improved customer service satisfaction by 30% and increased productivity by an average of 20% for over 75 small businesses and private individuals through successful completion of writing projects.

Brightree, Atlanta, GA Jul 2011 – Feb 2018
Senior Technical Writer
Acted as senior technical writing resource driving the efforts to improve user comprehension and decrease user calls to the support department by creating outstanding Online Help Systems, User’s Guides, API reference guides (data resource management), online content (Job Aides, Training materials), instructional design text, and Getting Started guides. Gathered information by interviewing product managers, software developers, subject matter experts, and various team members. Ensured accurate and comprehensive software documentation by researching software technical specifications, quality assurance test results, direct software testing, software design epics/stories, and reviewing Jira/Confluence. Administered SharePoint sites and BrainShark knowledgebase to maintain documentation for users (internal and external) and clients. Prepared estimates and status reports for projects related to documentation initiatives. Monitored and participated in software review meetings to discuss development for upcoming software releases. Primary tools utilized were RoboHelp, MS Word, Visio, PowerPoint and STT.
Established a Documentation department by building and overseeing a team of writers, creating standardized style guides, departmental procedures, and instituting cross-functional review meetings including seven other departments.
Successfully debugged, redesigned, and re-implemented a corrected 150-topic help system that previously was nonfunctional.
Effectively leveraged Information Mapping techniques and Single Source documentation methodologies to migrate over 250 separate (training, technical, customer support, user documentation) data points into one single document management system that is securely accessible to authorized users both internally and externally.
Drove documentation initiatives for three major annual software releases requiring revisions to Online Help, User Guides, Release Notes, technical specifications, 12 monthly APIs, and Service Request updates.

Expertus, Atlanta, GA Jan 2011 – Jul 2011
Technical Writer
Designed User Guides and Training manuals (Microsoft Word, FrameMaker) for user education and training on newly upgraded applications. Researched existing systems and documentation, collaborated with Subject Matter Experts, and interviewed business users to gather information necessary to create new documentation.

Additional Experience
Technical Writer, Veredus – SunTrust Bank Atlanta, GA
Technical Writer, SITA.Aero Atlanta, GA
Technical Writer/Document Specialist, ACS Atlanta, GA
Senior Technical Writer, MedQuist Norcross, GA
Senior Technical Writer, Kurt Salmon Associates Atlanta, GA
Senior Technical Writer, Fidelity Information Services Atlanta, GA
Senior Technical Writer, Manhattan Associates Atlanta, GA
Senior Technical Writer, Global Management Technologies Norcross, GA
Senior Technical Writer, Geac Computers Atlanta, GA
Technical Writer, CFI Pro Services Atlanta, GA
Technical Editor, Pointers International Atlanta, GA

Technical Proficiencies
Over 20 years:
Technical Publications Design and Layout, RoboHelp Office, Software Documentation, Online Help, MS Office, API Documentation
Over 7 years:
Adobe FrameMaker 8.0, MS Office, Adobe Acrobat, HTML, Information Mapping, MadCap Flare
Online Documentation, SharePoint, JIRA-Confluence
Over 5 years:
Project Management, MS Project, Visio, Web Development, SnagIt
Over 3 years
SQL Server, Photoshop, XML, RequisitePro
Education and Professional Development
Bachelor of Science in Journalism, Ohio University Athens, OH
Desktop Publishing, Windows PC seminars, Dekalb College Atlanta, GA
Software Documentation, Information Mapping seminars, Georgia Tech University Atlanta, GA
Contact this candidate