Objective
Obtain a Technical Writer role to provide technical documentation for product development and external customers.
Qualifications
Experience creating clear, accurate, and minimalist writing for technical documentation.
Experience authoring documentation within Agile SDLC.
Experience in writing content, editing and communicating with audiences at all levels in a software development environment.
Experience writing for product development environment.
Experience authoring in DITA and topic-based writing style in Oxygen.
Ability to clearly articulate technical problems and solutions to customers.
Proficient in adapting to rapidly changing phases, attention to detail, work and think under pressure, a strong team player and individual contributor.
Over 10 years of experience in software application development, support and technical writing.
Skills
Tools
Oxygen, Git, MindTouch, WordPress CMS, Frame Maker11, XML Spy, Visual Studio .Net, TCMS, JIRA, Bugzilla, CVS, SVN, Perforce, MS Visio, MS Word, Snag It
Languages
Java SE, J2EE, SQL, JDBC, SOAP/REST Web Services, Routers, IP Protocols
Tags
XML, JavaScript, DITA, HTML
Platforms
Mac OS and Windows
Databases
DB2, MS SQL
Work Experience
Cisco Inc, San Jose, CA Sr.Technical Writer April 2019-Oct 2020
Experience with DITA authoring for Cisco Networking documents for the external customers and writing release notes for product documentation. Collaborated with developers, engineers, and project managers to document software and hardware requirements for Networking Layers in the Cisco Data Center Operations. Documenting REST APIs on the network interface products using XML and JavaScript.
ServiceNow, Inc Santa Clara, CA Technical Writer March 2016 – Aug 2016
Collaborated with developers to document services provided by ServiceNow product in DITA using Oxygen.
Documentation of REST APIs in the Service Catalogue for ServiceNow product using XML and JavaScript. Answering customer emails for product documentation issues and queries, creating JIRA issues to track customer issues.

Oracle, Inc Santa Clara, CA Sr.Technical Writer March 2014 - Sep 2015
Experience writing technical product documentation, user guide, developer guide, and troubleshooting guide for Java Technology in DITA and Arbortext.
Involved in multiple releases for Java SE and SE Advanced Technologies that use Java technology.
Experience writing documentation plan for my work and topic based writing for various releases while meeting strict deadlines.

Yodlee, Inc. RedwoodCity, CA Sr.Technical Writer Aug 2013 – Dec 2013
Experience working with API explorer for third-party developers (SB, FI) to integrate with Yodlee’s SDK Platform. Experience with WSDLs, XML, SOAP and REST APIs. Extensive experience with MindTouch as in-product documentation platform for SOAP/REST based APIs. Contribute to Technical FAQs, Technical Articles and How to Guides.

Intuit, Inc. Mountain View, CA Technical Writer April 2013 – Aug 2013
Experience publishing QuickBooks Developer Platform Cloud content using REST and SOAP-based web services with WordPress CMS and HTML.
Write knowledge base material to support external customers.
Extensive experience with MindTouch as in-product documentation platform. Contributed to Technical FAQs, Technical Articles and How To Guides
Tellabs, Inc. Santa Clara, CA Technical Writer Sep 2012 – Feb 2013
Wrote, updated and edited technical documentation such as: procedure manuals, user guides/manuals, feature and function specification documents for Tellabs 9200 Edge Router.

Fusion One Inc., San Jose, CA Aug 2008 – Sep 2010
Sr. Software Engineer - Mobile Application Client Solutions

Provided my in-depth expertise on mobile devices related to Qualcomm/Carrier/Manufacturer issues and escalated to manufacturer/Carrier accordingly.
Maintained and documented new sections of the tutorial, getting started guide and developers guide for C++ and BREW mobile applications. The documentation was targeted for several product lines.
Xringer Inc., San Jose, CA Nov 2003 – April 2008
Sr. Software Engineer - Mobile Application Porting
Extensive porting, testing and debugging applications for mobile devices addressing memory issues, effective screen display sizes and application usability on multiple handset models. Documented Xringer’s API and integration procedure. Worked cross-functionally with development, operations and support teams to investigate carriers’ customer issues.
Intel Corporation, Portland, OR March 2003 – Oct 2003
Software Engineer in Test
Involved in manual and automated testing of Intel’s high speed network adapters with WMI (Windows management Instrumentation) application.

IBM Corporation, San Jose, CA April 2002 – Dec 2002
Software Engineer in Test Developed server-side code in J2EE conforming to struts framework and model-view-controller architecture.

Education and Training
Professional Sequence in Technical Writing/Communication UC Berkeley 2011-2013
M.S. Engineering - Enterprise Applications San Jose State University, San Jose, CA - 2001
B.S. Engineering JNTU College of Engineering, Hyderabad, India-1998

Sirisha Bhusarapu

292 Long Valley Ct, San Jose, CA 95138
408-***-****, adx8kq@r.postjobfree.com
Contact this candidate