Deborah J. Reece
Columbia, SC Metro Area
Cell: 870-***-****
adxgnj@r.postjobfree.com
Summary
Sr. IT Business Analyst/Technical Writer specializing in API documentation with hybrid roles as a business/data analyst and a former software developer. Skilled in creating API/SDK guides for FinTech developer portals, cybersecurity policies and procedures, technical product/user guides, functional/business requirements, training videos, and workflow UML diagrams. Ability to read programming languages. Experience with DevOps, Waterfall, ChatGPT, and Agile methodologies. *GitHub writing samples link on last page.
Experienced in the following:
Working with dev teams and product owners to document REST (JSON) and SOAP (XML) APIs, SDKs, How-To’s, FAQs, user guides, and technical product guides for Android, iOS, and web apps
Documenting JSON schemas and YAML files for APIs
Using Markdown, Typora, and HTML to create/edit API docs
Using Git, GitHub Desktop, and Bitbucket for document repositories
Experience with Hugo static generator for web portal APIs
Using code examples and Swagger Specs to document APIs reference guides
Designed templates for ServiceNow knowledgebase using CSS
Documenting card payment transaction APIs and webhooks for banking payment gateways
Reading/documenting code for JavaScript, Python, C++, Kotlin, Swift, Node.JS
Using Git Bash CLI with Atom editor to work in Git repos
Documenting AWS cloud portal processes
Documenting UX/UI designs and use cases
Editing developer written content for grammar and style
Using AzureDevOps for Application Lifecycle Management
Creating processes, polices, procedures, and SOPs
Mapping/modeling process workflows using Visio
Documenting cybersecurity policies and procedures for healthcare based on NIST and HIPAA standards
Used docs-as-code methodology in working with developers to produce documentation
Familiarity with DITA and structured writing
Creating and running SQL queries in Oracle SQL database
Participating in sessions with Agile Scrum developer teams to define documentation requirements
Using Jira/Kanban Boards to allocate and track time on project tasks
Re-engineering/editing existing enterprise documentation and templates
Creating templates and wikis in Confluence, ServiceNow, and Horizon
Creating business functional requirements documents (BFRDs) for stakeholder sign-off
Creating user training videos with Captivate
Education
BS in Computer Science – Graduate of University of Arkansas at Little Rock
BA in English – Graduate of University of Arkansas at Little Rock
MFA in Writing – Graduate of Lindenwood University, May 2022 (4.0 GPA)
ITIL Certification
Professional Experience
IGT
Sr. API Technical Writer/Analyst – Remote (HQ Italy) 2/23—4/23
Retained as contracted API Technical Writer for international gaming company that creates iLottery games for participating US states and slot machine games for casinos.
Created the Remote Game Server (RGS) Admin Tool integration and API reference guide to be used by clients when launching external games. RGS is used by IGT to host web APIs for native applications.
Used Swagger specs to document APIs for RGS web-hosted APIs and Native System OpenSpec APIs.
Interfaced with programming manager to gather specs for API documentation.
Netspend
Sr. API Technical Writer/Analyst – Remote (HQ TX) 6/22—11/22
Retained as contracted API Technical Writer for company that offers Visa, Mastercard, and corporate prepaid debit cards for their business partners.
Worked with Agile teams for documentation sprints and update tasks in Jira.
Participated in daily stand-ups, backlog grooming, demos, and two-week retrospectives for documentation tasks.
Wrote API guides for business partners using Google Docs and Swagger.
Documented endpoints for card payment transactions, P2P payments, and webhooks.
Performed deep-dive into Swagger specs to document methods, request and response parameters, sample code, and JSON schemas for API guides.
Reviewed Confluence sites written by developers and architects to glean information about business products, errors, and use cases for documentation purposes.
Interacted with developers and architects for documentation reviews.
Used Slack and Google Chat to communicate project assignments and status with teams and managers.
Updated user stories in Jira with requirements.
T-Mobile
Sr. API Technical Writer/Analyst – Remote (HQ CA) 11/21—6/22
Retained as contracted API Technical Writer for technology solutions department.
Wrote online API guides for developers in T-Mobile’s DevCenter for Apigee APIs, including API security, API design, load balancing, troubleshooting, Kubernetes API gateway solution, and proxy generation.
Created and updated user stories in Jira Kanban board.
Met with developers and product owners to discuss requirements for documentation projects.
Used Slack to communicate project assignments and status with teams.
MasterCard
Sr. API Technical Writer/Analyst – Remote (HQ NYC) 8/21—10/21
Retained as contracted API Technical Writer for fintech company in the global payments business.
Wrote online API guides in developer portal for advanced electronic payment solutions.
Documented APIs for Click-2-Pay, Secure Remote Commerce for Merchants, and e-Commerce platforms solutions, along with onboarding and integration guides.
Worked with developers using docs-as-code methodology.
Used Atom editor to create, edit, and merge Markdown/HTML files stored in Git repositories.
Used Git Bash command line to run Hugo to generate document changes in Mastercard Developers web pages from the changed repo docs, commit and push changes to repos, and create repo branches.
Use AzureDevOps to create pull requests for documentation review.
Used Confluence wikis in AzureDevOps to research and track documentation tasks.
Integrated and updated Rally user stories into documentation.
Met with developers and product owners to discuss requirements for new documentation projects.
Participated in scrum standups with documentation team to discuss roadblocks and provide updates.
Used docs-as-code methodology in working with developers and other technical writers, along with DITA principles, to resolve documentation issues.
IDEMIA
Sr. API Technical Writer/Analyst – Remote (HQ VA and France) 9/2020—6/2021
Retained as contracted SDK/API Technical Writer for company that designs software to digitize identity documents for both online and in-person verification and shares identity attributes with requesting Relying Parties (i.e., State DMVs, government entities, and third party apps).
Wrote API/SDK guides in dev portal for Android, iOS, and Web apps coded in Kotlin and Swift.
Documented SDKs for Android apps that used Gradle.
Wrote technical product guide for IDEMIA Mobile ID App that scans and captures user identity attributes on the backend to create identity credentials (drivers licenses, passports, ID cards, etc.).
Wrote technical product guide for IDEMIA Mobile Verify App that government agencies and third-parties use to verify a user’s digital identity information in the Mobile ID App.
Interviewed developers and product owners to update product documentation and new releases.
Documented software data security protocols based on NIST standards.
Used GitHub Desktop to create documents in local repositories and merge with master in Bitbucket.
Researched product information in Confluence, Jira, and AHA! to document new features.
Created Jira tickets for documentation tasks and subtasks and updated them for production.
Updated user stories in Jira for requirements.
Updated release notes and “What’s New” documentation for new releases.
Wells Fargo
Sr. Technical Writer/Process Analyst – Remote (HQ Charlotte, NC) 4/2020 – 9/2020
Retained as contracted Compliance Technical Writer to document and map processes required for compliance with FDIC Rule 370 for handling customer deposits in the event of bank failure.
Created the Systems of Record (SOR) playbook by meeting with stakeholders to analyze and outline high-level processes required for each SOR (in all LOBs) to comply with FDIC Rule 370.
Mapped the FDIC Rule 370 process workflows using Visio.
Bank of America
Sr. Technical Writer/Analyst – Remote (HQ Charlotte, NC) 5/2019 – 3/2020
Retained as contracted Technical Writer for the Cloud Advanced Technology Group to document the BofA cloud services (AWS Linux on Apache server) portal for developers.
Wrote guides in Horizon wiki for onboarding, building/provisioning VMs, cloud migration, authentication/commands, rebooting, powering down/decommissioning VMs, creating Remedy tickets, and creating/deploying load balancer virtual services.
Wrote wikis for deployment documentation, FAQs, and product guides.
Utilized GitHub, Git Bash, Sourcetree, Markdown, and Visual Studio Code to update portal documentation in Bitbucket repository.
Kaiser Permanente
Sr. Technical Writer/Data Analyst – Remote (HQ Pasadena, CA) 7/2018 –5/2019
Retained as contracted Technical Writer/Data Analyst to document KP patient metrics for an internal audience in the Care Management Analytical Group.
Designed wiki templates for Confluence pages describing the metrics fields used to measure KP clinical performance for KP members and non-members (for HEDIS and CMS compliance).
Documented HIPAA healthcare metrics categories, definitions, formulas, calculations, and fields
Created and ran Oracle database SQL queries to verify the contents of metrics fields.
Used Jira to create project tasks and track work assignments and created downloadable PDFs.
Equifax
Sr. API Technical Writer/Analyst – Alpharetta, GA 2018
Retained as contracted API Technical Writer to create documentation for API developer portal.
Created developer tutorials for registering, onboarding, and creating apps in the developer portal.
Documented API calls, JSON objects, attributes, properties, descriptions, methods, endpoint URIs, parameters, responses and requests, status codes and messages, sample code, test and dev portal URLs, and OAuth2 parameters and responses.
Created API documentation using RESTful OpenAPI specs in SwaggerHub.
American Express (AMEX)
Sr. API Technical Writer/Analyst – Phoenix, AZ 2017
Retained as contracted API Technical Writer to create documentation for the API developer portal.
Used SwaggerHub to access API specs and create Card Partner developer guides for: Spend Control Vault, ATM Locator, Pay for Points, Partner Card Application Offers, and V-Payment.
Wrote OAuth gateway onboarding processes.
Documented API calls, JSON objects, attributes, properties, descriptions, methods, endpoint URIs, parameters, responses and requests, status codes and messages, sample code, test and dev portal URLs, and OAuth2 parameters and responses.
South Carolina Dept. of Health and Human Services (SCDHHS)
Sr. Technical Writer/Business Analyst – Columbia, SC 2016
Retained as contracted Technical Writer/BA to create security documentation for State Medicaid.
Wrote System Security Plan (SSP) and System Design Standards (SDD) documents in compliance with MARS-E 2.0 regulations for PII data privacy and security for MMIS application development.
Analyzed CMS security regulations and NIST Special Publications 800-53 and NIST 800-171 to document security requirements for the Affordable Care Act mandated health exchanges.
Murphy USA
Sr. Technical Writer/Analyst – El Dorado, AR 2015 – 2016
Retained as Technical Writer to create corporate and retail training documentation in Training Group.
Created SOP playbooks to train retail store employees in daily and periodic operational procedures.
Designed SOP templates in ServiceNow using CSS/HTML.
Created corporate training materials documenting HR processes in the UltiPro HR system.
Interviewed store managers and retail store SMEs to document the store processes in SOPs.

Fidelity Information Systems (FIS)
Sr. Technical Writer/Analyst – Little Rock, AR 2013 –2014
Retained as Technical Writer to create policies and procedures in Network Security Group.
Wrote SOPs for network monitoring tools: Solidcore, Bit9, WebSphere Guardium, and Checkpoint.
Scheduled and led gap analysis meetings with analysts and managers to gather and analyze security requirements for writing policies and procedures.
Used Visio to model workflows for network security and ITIL documentation processes.
Independent Case Management (ICM)
Sr. Technical Writer/Business Analyst – Remote (HQ Little Rock, AR) 2013
Retained as contracted Technical Writer/BA to write functional requirements for Laserfiche implementation for non-profit that assists clients with Medicaid Alternative Waivers.
Reviewed State Medicaid policies to ensure compliance with business processes.
Designed process workflows and mapped for “as-is” processes for Case Management, Billing, Eligibility, Program Waiver Services, Supported Employment Services used for Laserfiche implementation developer requirements.
Documented HIPAA security policies based on State Medicaid standards.
Created test use cases, scope plan, and budget for project.
Verizon Wireless
Sr. Technical Writer/Business Analyst – Little Rock, AR 2012
Retained as contracted Technical Writer/BA in the Software Technology Group to document the business requirements document (BFRD) for Clarity PPM installation.
Participated with Agile Scrum development team and stakeholders in JAD sessions to document the changing business and functional requirements throughout each sprint.
Mapped process workflows and models using Visio.
Participated in daily Scrum meetings and sprint demo reviews with developers and stakeholders.
Created PPM Solution Run Book (SOMP) for maintenance, operations, and backup procedures.
Walmart Corporate
Sr. Technical Writer/Business Analyst – Bentonville, AR 2010 – 2011
Retained as contracted Technical Writer to document Service Oriented Architecture (SOA) web services, integration processes, SOAP and REST protocols, and infrastructure for a developer audience in the Information Technology Group.
Created Captivate training videos and met with dispatchers to gather documentation requirements for fleet transportation project.
Met with architects to develop documentation requirements.
Wrote SOA security policies and procedures for Modeling and Architecture (SOMA) and GRC.
Translated SOA concepts into evangelistic marketing documents for a non-technical audience.
Created training guides, process workflows, and training videos using Captivate for the Walmart Transportation System (WTSM) used by fleet dispatchers.
Technical Skills
Read Languages: JavaScript, Python, C++, COBOL, JSON, XML, HTML, YAML, Visual Basic, Kotlin, Swift, Node.JS
Build Automation Tool: Gradle
Documentation Tools: Word, Excel, PowerPoint, OneNote, Outlook, Google Docs, Markdown, Typora, CSS/HTML, DITA/Structured Info Concepts, ChatGPT
Static Site Generator: Hugo
APIs: Swagger, REST, Postman, JSON Formatter, YAML, JSON
Help Authoring: RoboHelp
Cloud Platform: AWS
Collaboration: SharePoint, Confluence, Horizon, Sourcetree, AHA!, WebEx
Command Line Interface (CLI): Git Bash
Knowledge Management: ServiceNow (CSS/HTML)
Editors: Notepad ++, Atom, Sublime, Visual Studio Code
Application Lifecycle Management: AzureDevOps
Doc Repositories: GitHub/Bitbucket, Git GUI, Sourcetree
IT Service Management: ServiceNow, Remedy
Project Management: Rally, Jira, SmartSheet
Instructional Design: Adobe Captivate, Clarity CAPA, PowerPoint
Screen Imaging: SnagIt, Hijaak, MS Paint
Database: Oracle SQL Server, Azure
Methodologies: Agile Scrum, Waterfall, SDLC, UML, DevOps
Process Modeling: Visio
Contact this candidate