Sharon F. Gilmour
adxitt@r.postjobfree.com linkedin.com/in/sharongilmour/ 978-***-****
Technical Business Analyst
SUMMARY
I bring a varied technical, business, and academic perspective that enables me to understand the needs of the client and the challenges faced by the implementation team. My experience includes:
Project life cycle management from requirements development, planning and scheduling, through research, development, testing and post-project analysis, in Agile and waterfall environments.
Development of clear, specific, and user-friendly documents including functional specifications and APIs.
Building strong client relationships.
Working closely with technical team members to ensure accuracy in planning and implementation.
Creation of functional and technical recommendations for test scenarios
Localization of documents and software products for diverse international markets.
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Newfold Digital Inc / Endurance International Inc., MA October 2020 – January 2023
Endurance International, parent company of Constant Contact, amongst others, was acquired in January of 2021. The company was split, and Constant Contact was spun off. The rest of the company was merged with Web.com out of Florida to form Newfold Inc. a company formed of several web service brands.
Senior Business Systems Analyst
Dedicated BSA for the Billing as a Platform (BaaP) team, developers of the in-house billing, payments, and fraud prevention system.
Developed specifications and requirements for integration projects for corporate brands that wish to use BaaP.
Supported team efforts to create separate versions of the BaaP system according to the TSA that details the separation of Constant Contact and the other Endurance Brands.
Created documentation and templates in Jira, Confluence and Microsoft Office to enable accurate tracking of platform information.
Square Trade Inc. / Plumchoice Inc., Lowell, MA September 2010 – May 2020
The Professional Services Group at Plumchoice was responsible for the creation, maintenance and enhancement of the Bolt-On Ordering and Sales Tool (BOOST), a Billing and Sales platform for products sold to small and medium-sized businesses by a major Telecommunications client.
Plumchoice was acquired by Square Trade Inc., an Allstate company, in 2018.
Senior Business Analyst, Professional Services
Coordinated with project stakeholders to develop functional and non-functional requirements for projects of varying sizes and complexity.
Created and developed functional specifications (FSDs) for all change requests and product enhancement projects included in the BOOST monthly release cycle. Because of the rapid release cycle these FSDs were also used as design documents. This required working closely with different groups at the client company, with 3rd party vendors, and with BOOST Engineering and QA. FSDs produced in 2018 – 50+
Developed processes and tools to ensure tracking and smooth implementation of all changes to the system. Changes included the addition of new billing systems, product vendors, security review and enhancement projects, API creation and updates, as well as over 30 new products and promotions per year in the last four years of my tenure.
Project management tasks. Working on a small team means that cross-functional competency and awareness are necessary to ensure that projects run smoothly. Used SharePoint to store and manage documents
User Interface design, wireframe development and application of usability principles.
Nuance Inc. / eCopy Inc., Nashua, NH April 2005 – December 2010
eCopy was a software and services company specializing in software solutions that used eCopy-enabled office copiers or scanners, to integrate data into existing business applications and document management systems. In October of 2009 eCopy was acquired by Nuance Inc.
Principal Technical Writer
Worked closely with Engineers and QA to understand and document complex software products.
Designed a new Web Help system for the flagship product, ShareScan, using MadCap Flare. This involved single-sourcing, localization efficiencies, Help UI and PDF format design. Demonstrated reduced translation costs, increased consistency, and faster DTP cycles.
Developed on-line and PDF documentation for 13 connector applications that enabled scanned electronic documents to be stored in third party document management and storage systems such as Microsoft SharePoint and EMC Documentum.
LIGHTBRIDGE, Inc., Burlington, MA March 1999 – December 2004
Software and services company providing credit, risk, and fraud management solutions for the wireless industry. The company evaluated approximately 40% of all US wireless carrier applicants at the time.
Senior Technical Writer/Localization Project Manager
Localization Project Manager for company-wide software localization effort. Wrote company localization and internationalization standards for Java and HTML software and documentation. Developed and managed localization vendor relationship.
Managed internationalization, localization, and translation of software and supporting Help and documentation into Brazilian Portuguese, Spanish, and Simplified Chinese.
Documented products related to key focus of company - customer risk avoidance and fraud detection.
Developed expertise in documenting UNIX, Windows, and browser-based software products. Projects included documentation of Java and HTML-based interfaces, and XML transactions.
EDUCATION
Northeastern University, Boston, MA - M.Ed., Student Counseling: Career and Intercultural Counseling
University of Edinburgh, Edinburgh, Scotland - M.A. (Hons.), French Language and Literature
TOOLS SUMMARY
Microsoft Office 365
JIRA
Internet research tools
Microsoft Visio
Adobe Acrobat
MadCap Flare
Microsoft SharePoint
Confluence
RoboHelp (RoboHTML)
Microsoft Project
Bugzilla
SnagIt
Contact this candidate