Edward Jaracz
Pittsburgh, PA *****
412-***-**** • adxywe@r.postjobfree.com

IT professional with over 8 years’ experience in technical writing, editing, and proofreading. Skilled in managing all phases of project work from new documentation to release implementation. Successful in developing solutions to enhance documentation. Keen eye for detail and highly adaptable to changes in work tasks.
Professional Experience
Perspecta ES/Peraton Inc., remote - work from home
Technical Writer/Editor III: February 2014–August 2021 and May 2022–December 2022
Maintained and managed all phases of the Fiscal Intermediary Shared System (FISS) Part A release documentation, applying technical writing, editing, and proofreading to data dictionary items, screens, reports, user guides, reference guides, instructional guides, and manuals. Ensured hyperlinks were fully operational per Section 508 requirements.
Developed, edited, proofread, and installed 800 redesigned claim edit documents for the Medicare Common Working File (CWF) sub-system. Collaborated with team members to design the layout for these documents and related file information for upload and publishing in SharePoint.
Experienced in verifying FISS and Multi-Carrier System (MCS) Maintainer website content uploaded for publication.
Completed multiple action items and supported special projects above normal workload to achieve team and corporate missions/goals.
Provided training to team members on methods of researching data dictionary items associated with FISS Part A.
Point of contact on special projects documenting over 300 screens and 250 reports. Developed instructional guides for on-going reference. Performed peer spot-check reviews as team lead/mentor to resolve issues.
Initiated and developed multiple process improvements to streamline FISS documentation by removing redundant text information and reorganizing data tables.
Completed new and updated flowcharts in FISS Part A and Part B, using Microsoft Visio software, interviewed subject matter experts to ensure accuracy.
Researched the FISS Part A shared system to document data dictionary items for the most critical copybooks, completed 5,000 updates related to the Beneficiary, Claims, Provider, System Controls, Financial and HIGLAS files.
Highmark Medicare Services Inc./Novitas Solutions Inc., Pittsburgh, PA
Business Analyst III: January 2006–January 2013
Interfaced with the Medicare system maintainer, Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS), and the operations support team to interpret and complete end-to-end test of system changes and performed impact analysis working in a Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) environment.
Completed test cases and implemented in-house business process requests for operational customers. Analyzed the functionality of user files and recommended modifications to achieve the needs of the operational team.
Lead analyst in over-riding claims data with data file corrections, and to update investigational device trials into the claims processing system.
Initiated the enhancement of the Medicare provider community accounts logon from fax to secure e-mail processing. Served as the liaison between Novitas, the federal government, the Medicare shared system maintainers, and internal systems staff for business process changes to the Medicare system.
Supported internal customers with ad hoc reports to show the accuracy and progression of release changes.
Coordinated the 2006 Disaster Recovery effort.
Software Developer II: April 2004–December 2005
Supported the Medicare Part A claims team by applying and testing new code development and code updates for release installations. Effectively managed on-call resolutions.
Collaborated with business analyst to complete release test cases, change requests, user ad hoc file extractions, and reporting. Installed and supported year-end processing and procedures.
Highmark Inc., Pittsburgh, PA
Image Documents Quality Control Technician: March 2003–April 2004
Implemented and customized an in-house process to scan customer claims and survey documents into imaged documents for data capture and performed quality control assessments for data groupings. Assisted in developing COBOL and VSAM code to index repository data files for mainframe access and data extraction in claims processing.
Bayer Corp., Highmark Inc., PNC Bank, Rite Aid, Glaxo Smith Kline Pharmaceuticals, Mellon Bank, Copperweld Corp., Pittsburgh, PA
Software Developer (Contract Work): May 1990–December 2002
Supported Financial HR Systems in company acquisitions using vendor software to scrub data and develop reporting to define and qualify assets. Maintained FTP transmission jobs for lockbox deposits. Researched and updated legacy batch programs with DB2 error messages.
Collaborated with Deloitte and Touche accountants to develop a coinsurance settlement process that encompassed 10 years of history claims with over 20 million records and a back-end process for customer check reimbursement. Utilized Visio software to document this process. Developed and supported multiple test regions in all phases of claims processing, changes, and upgrades.
Installed and tested vendor software for the marketing staff to better define customer data profiling for marketing research efforts. Installed federal regulatory changes for VISA and MasterCard to track credit card usage and fraud.
Set up third party deductible claims. Modified online CICS code to decrease processing time, improved merchant online screens by mapping in additional claims information such as co-payment, deductible and pricing data for real-time processing availability.
Worked with the Marketing team to migrate all online screens and batch development onto the Endevor platform to provide enhanced data tracking and problem resolution controls.
Improved the Marketing teams merchant credit card returns for annual reporting requirements, performed analysis, design, and coding to eliminate manual deposit transactions from the clearinghouse database.
Completed new development of batch and online applications for the Order Entry and Mill Order operations.
Routinely prepared reports for high-level sales meetings, reduced overnight batch processing time by ending file contention and improved overall system performance by minimizing manual data entry into CLIST (Command List).
Education
Bachelor of Science, Business Information Systems, Robert Morris University, Pittsburgh, PA, August 1989
Skills
Windows, advanced in Word, 508 Compliance, Excel, PowerPoint, Visio, SharePoint, Outlook, Macros, SQL,
and IBM mainframe – COBOL and JCL, basic understanding, and end-user of ServiceNow and Workday
Data research, writing, editing, proofreading, version control, SDLC, and communications
Security Clearance
Public Trust
Contact this candidate