SENIOR INSTRUCTIONAL DESIGNER/TECHNICAL WRITER
Leader, creator of adult learning programs with over 20+ years of Instructional Design & Technical Writing experience. Proficient in multiple adult learning theories & styles. Excellent problem solving, analytical ability solving complex issues. Strong ability to work anonymously, while seeking appropriate resources while maintaining a high level of trust and integrity. Proficient user of rapid development tools, Adobe Captivate, Articulate Storyline, Camtasia Studio, Lectora, & Tool Book to develop storyboards narration/animation scripts for instructor led, eLearning & virtual learning used for a large variety of topics & audiences. Key areas of skill and expertise include:
● Soft Skills Program Development
● Gamification eLearning Development
● Customer Support Training Development
● Learning Gap Analysis
● Budget & Cost Reporting
● Focus Group Formation
● Proficient in multiple learning styles (Visual,
Auditory and Kinesthetic)
● Test script instructions
● Onboarding Development/Facilitation
● New Manager Training
● Safety Training/OSHA
● ADDIE/Kirkpatrick’s/Bloom’s Taxonomy
● Synchronous/Asynchronous Learning
● Job Fairs/Hiring/Onboarding
● Change Management
● Project Management
● Learning plan development
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Good Place Holdings
Training Coordinator & Instructional Designer February 2022 – Current Position Facilitate the application & engagement of the training system throughout Good Place Holdings & Its member-organizations to ensure the purpose of training is being fulfilled.
• Work with System Managers/Leaders Holding Reports to identify training needs by role, developing, role-based (learning paths) to ensure all roles, and therefore members of the organizations, have role-based training matrices for each job description informed by Managing Systems.
• Ensure training titles have training plan summaries as appropriate by facilitating and/or helping in their development. Help inform the decision to buy or build and (build – inhouse) training titles based on training plan summary.
• Coordinate & build training titles that meet the criteria of the training design summary. Engage in building training titles that are unique to Good Place and/or are more conducive to in-house development, working with Director of TED.
• Present training & develop programs using effective forms & formats.
• Manage the Good Place Holdings’ Learning Management System to track GPH Members' training per their role-based training matrix (learning paths), training engaged in and completed.
• Interact with System Managers/Leaders Holding Reports and others to ensure GPH Members receive Training, Education, and Development (TED) opportunities. TONYA RAIES (330) 571*5105 ady0lx@r.postjobfree.com
pg. 2 https://www.linkedin.com/in/tonya-raies-instructional-designer 6/14/2023 Sherwin Williams
Senior Technical Writer – Cyber Security February 2021 – November 2021 As a Technical Writer for the IT Cyber Security Team at Sherwin Williams I have had the opportunity to work with cross-functional teams project stakeholders, subject matter experts, and technical support throughout the Company Cyber Security team. I was responsible for the development of a wide range of technical and end-user information products. Products may be for software, hardware, and service related including technical guides, tutorials, and Web-based help systems to support the IT Cyber Security Team. Sherwin used Document360 API to keep the library current. My position requires clear, concise documentation for both internal and external customers.
Futuri Media – Technical Writer February 2020
Futuri develops social and mobile audience engagement technology for broadcasters using SaaS technology which drives audience engagement and increases revenue and growth, they pride themselves on providing turnkey solutions for broadcaster teams that will not blow the budget. 02/202
DRB SYSTEMS
Instructional Designer April 2019 to November 2019 DRB Systems is the leading provider of point-of-sale software, tunnel control solutions that supports the car wash industry. As an Instructional Designer I was responsible for the development of customer learning related to customizable point of sale and tunnel control software.
● Working with SMEs to identify customer learning.
● Ensuring content matches established objectives.
● Reshaping content for changing needs.
● Structuring content and activities to optimize learning.
● Creating and testing multimedia.
● Developing course curriculum.
● Creating student guides and training manuals.
● Conducting research, analysis, and learning methodology design. Projects: Development of Customer learning plan using the ADDIE leaning model, Design and Development of 5S Lean Manufacturing implementation, Development of Sale Force learning program, participated in the “Evacuation” safety committee. TONYA RAIES (330) 571*5105 ady0lx@r.postjobfree.com
pg. 3 https://www.linkedin.com/in/tonya-raies-instructional-designer 6/14/2023 CSA Group
Instructional Designer 2016 to 2018
CSA Group is a global organization dedicated to safety, social good, and sustainability, and a leader in safety and environmental certification.
As an Instructional Designer I was responsible for the development of commercial learning products related to Building Codes and Standards used throughout Canada and the United States. This included.
● Development of Storyboards, animation/narration scripts to be used throughout the learning content.
● Developed training products that support functions/processes prescribed by standards that enhance end user understanding, performance, and adoption of each relevant standard.
● Performed needs analysis and guidance to ensure the appropriate learning methods were utilized for a specific audience.
● Identified internal and/or external resources to develop the technical content and provide resource materials for the learning products.
● Provide guidance for product development including guidance on the flow and pace of the learning material, development of suitable learning activities, demonstrations, case studies and other opportunities for learning engagement.
● Responsible for the coordination and authorization of copyright materials for written and visual materials as needed, this included technical subject matter experts, graphics, translations to other languages and other value-added resources as appropriate to ensure all necessary items were available and in place for product development. Projects: Design and development of the following learning programs. 1. Infection Prevention and control
2. Provenance and Traceability of Rare Earth Products 3. Greenhouse Gases
4. Renewable Energies
5. Canadian Electrical Code
6. Participated in the company Safety Committee
DOMINION EAST OHIO GAS
Instructional Designer/Corporate Trainer 2012 to 2014 Designed and development of (LL) Leader Led and (WBT) Web Based Training content including New Employee Training, Safety including OSHA policies and procedures, Personal Protective Equipment (PPE), the development of Engineering Field Notes, content related to proprietary software (GIS, GPS, Land Survey) and company procedures.
● Worked directly with Engineering SMEs, Field Engineers, and Gas Main Design Engineers to identify learning gaps and map the training process.
● Designed and developed training programs conducted class pilots and uploaded to the (LMS) Learning Management System to either implemented via Dominion’s Intranet or live through classroom workshops.
TONYA RAIES (330) 571*5105 ady0lx@r.postjobfree.com
pg. 4 https://www.linkedin.com/in/tonya-raies-instructional-designer 6/14/2023 EDUCATION PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT CERTIFICATIONS International Union of Operating Engineers, Local #18 Cleveland Ohio Journeyman, Construction Technology
University of Akron, Akron, OH
Computer Software Coursework including Adobe Flash (Intermediate), HTML, SQL& Databases, Adobe InDesign, Communication and Effective Writing Word-press, Udemy Webinar Microsoft Office Refresher
- University of Akron – Continued Education Adobe Presenter, Captivate, Photoshop - University of Akron – Continued Education Office Management and Train the Trainer Professional Development Leadership Training (Good Place Institute) – Eutopia School (Good Place Institute) COMPUTER SKILLS
Microsoft Office 365 Document360 API Project, Publisher, Visio and InfoPath Designer) Google Chrome, Drive & Docs XML Arbor text Editor/HTML 5 keyword tagging SAP – Litmos/Paycor On- Premise and Cloud documentation SharePoint Management (Team collaboration and document sharing) Windows Operating Systems (XP, Vista, Windows 10,) Adobe Creative Suite, (InDesign, Photoshop, Illustrator) Adobe Presenter 11 WebEx, Net Meeting, Skype, Zoom (Virtual Training) Leader Guide Pro, Gameshow Pro (Gamification, Virtual Training) White Board (Interactive Media) Captivate, Contribute, Articulate Storyline 360, Engage, Rise (Instructional Design) FreshDesk SaaS
(Content Development) Salesforce
Contact this candidate