Simone Dail
512-***-**** ady1ej@r.postjobfree.com
Technical Writer
Technical Illustrator / Editing / Localization Project Management
20+ years experience in documenting SOPs, assembly/maintenance/repair procedures, and policies in various industrial facilities.
20+ years technical illustrator experience creating technical illustrations and enhancing photographs.
Extensive experience in technical publications ranging from template design and technical writing to editing and localization project management.
Bilingual in English and German, spoken and written, and specialize in technical documentation.
Excellent communication and interpersonal skills used to interact with other technical writers and engineering personnel to gather necessary information and data required.
Core Competencies
Technical writer / editor
Art design / photography
User and maintenance manuals
Repair procedures, startup guides
Reference guides
Setup diagrams
Context sensitive help files
Assembly procedures
In-house travelers design
Technology Tools
Adobe FrameMaker
Adobe Acrobat
Adobe PhotoShop
Visio
Corel Draw
RoboHelp
Microsoft PowerPoint
Microsoft Excel
Microsoft Word
Microsoft Outlook

MWD toolstring installation
Motorized Pulser module
Battery module

Directional module
Gamma module
Resistivity tool

Professional Experience
Senior Technical Writer
American Canning, LLC. Austin, TX 2020-2023
Aluminum Can Packing and Manufacturing company
Designed FrameMaker template for user manuals, SWI’s, including cover art.
Wrote and updated user manuals, quick start guides, setup and installation guides, SWI’s (Standard Work Instructions) for in-house assembly personnel.
Photographed hardware components, tools, maintenance, test, and repair procedures and edited photographs for printed and online material.
Captured, improved, and placed screen shots to document production runs on machines.
Routed all documentation through the appropriate review process and implemented any change requests.
Ensured that all documentation assigned was processed with accuracy and in a timely manner.
Ensured that all officially released documents were provided to the appropriate department to ensure all machines shipped to customers had the required printed and electronic documentation.
Senior Technical Writer
Oceaneering International, Inc. Austin, TX 2018-2020
Engineering company
Designed FrameMaker template for user manuals, including cover art.
Converted existing Microsoft Word manuals to FrameMaker, using the new template.
Edited and updated several manuals, including a 720-page manual.
Wrote new sections describing new software features and use.
Implemented new screen captures of the new Linux and Windows based software in all manual updates.
Created flowcharts and simple illustrations.
Wrote company style guide.
Wrote instructions on how to use the template and provided basic instructions on how to use FrameMaker.
Trained personnel on FrameMaker and the use of the new template.
Senior Technical Writer
BPL Plasma Group, LLC, Austin, TX 2018-2018
Plasma collection company
Designed FrameMaker template for plasma center and corporate SOPs.
Converted existing SOPs and Job Aids that were written in Word using the new FrameMaker template.
Edited existing SOPs and Job Aids.
Wrote new plasma center SOPs and Job Aids.
Senior Technical Writer
AMD, Austin, TX 2016-2017
Semiconductor company
Designed MS Word templates for engineering departments to use when generating PPR and other technical documentation.
Imported and formatted existing twiki, PDF, and OpenOffice files using the MS Word template I had designed.
Edited PPR and Test Report documentation to ensure consistency in terminology, verbiage, formatting conventions, and to ensure that certain legal requirements were met.
Ensured that all documentation assigned was processed with accuracy and in a timely manner.
Designed a LibreOffice template for engineers who preferred generating their PPR documentation in this software application.
Technical Writer
Bench Tree Group, LLC, Georgetown, TX 2013-2016
Engineering company developing and manufacturing MWD (Measurement While Drilling) technology
Disassembled and reassembled company toolstring modules to document procedures.
Setup tools to interface with receivers and ensured wireless communication to and from the laptop.
Validated documentation against actual tool performance and reported defects to improve quality and conformity.
Performed and documented roll test and clocking procedure on a directional module.
Photographed hardware components, tools, maintenance, test, and repair procedures and edited photographs for printed and online material.
Captured and placed screen shots and modified engineering drawings for printed and online material.
Designed marketing booth panels for oil and gas industry conventions.
Designed cover art, layout and templates for all manuals using FrameMaker, RoboHelp, and MS Word .
Archived and made available all released documentation for distribution to customers and personnel.
Organized technical publications file directory on company server to ensure personnel had access to pertinent photos, screen captures, and assembly drawings to eliminate duplicate work.
Routed all documentation through the ECN process for official release.
Ensured that all documentation assigned was processed with accuracy and in a timely manner.
Technical Writer
Tolteq Group, LLC, Cedar Park, TX 2010-2012
Engineering company developing and manufacturing MWD (Measurement While Drilling) technology
Disassembled and reassembled company toolstring modules to document the procedures.
Setup tools to interface with the RFD and ensured wireless communication to and from a laptop.
Validated the documentation against the actual tool performance and reported defects through Jira, the company information software.
Performed and documented roll test procedure on a directional module.
Designed Travelers using Adobe LifeCycle and generated dynamic PDF forms for repair technicians.
Wrote how-to documentation for new hire technical writers and conducted training classes pertaining to company specific FrameMaker and Power Point templates and stylistic requirements.
Edited and placed photographs and modified engineering drawings for printed and online material.
Captured and placed screen shots for printed and online material.
Created dynamic flowcharts using screenshots and photographs for production and repair processes.
Designed FrameMaker, Acrobat LifeCycle, PowerPoint templates and business cards for print and online use.
Organized technical publications file directory on company server to ensure all writers had access to pertinent photos, screen captures, and assembly drawings to eliminate duplicate work.
Editor
IBM Tivoli, Austin, TX 2009-2010
Edited documentation to ensure consistency in terminology, verbiage, and formatting conventions.
Ensured that all documentation assigned was processed with accuracy and in a timely manner.
Technical Writer / Page Layout Designer / Editor
Hayes Software Systems, Austin, TX 2007-2008
Developing database software for schools
Created and edited documentation for consistency in terminology, verbiage, and formatting conventions.
Processed documentation, wrote step-by-step startup guides, and user manuals accurately and timely.
Converted Microsoft Word and RoboHelp files to FrameMaker to create printed material and pdf files.
Designed FrameMaker and RoboHelp templates and Adobe Illustrator brochures.
Captured and placed screen shots for printed and online material.
Provided engineers with Map IDs to ensure that online files functioned as intended.
Made backups and archived all final documentation and posted pdf files on company portal.
Page Layout Designer / Editor
IBM Tivoli, Austin, TX 2006-2007
Converted MS Word training material and PowerPoint presentations to Adobe FrameMaker and linked PowerPoint slides to FrameMaker book files accurately and timely.
Ensured correct branding of documents by providing consistent terminology, verbiage, and formatting conventions.
Created projects in the Workspace database and maintained each project until completion and final release.
Localization Manager / Editor
Hitachi Data Systems (HDS), San Diego, CA 2006
Minimized translation costs by coordinating technical publications team and standardizing documentation.
Helped negotiate localization vendor selection, developed workflow process, and managed all localization projects.
Ensured that legal information within documentation was appropriate for the international marketplace.
Designed an A4-size MS Word template and applied it to all documents scheduled for localization.
Desktop Publisher / Editor
QUALCOMM CDMA Technologies, San Diego, CA 2004-2005
Formatted, edited, and updated technical publications, PowerPoint presentations and Excel documentation.
Modified and recreated Visio graphics and flowcharts and converted MS Word documentation to Adobe FrameMaker timely and accurately submitting into Agile database.
Processed quarterly release notes containing data used for engineers’ software development and test results.
Desktop Publisher / Editor / Technical Illustrator
High-Tech Publications, San Diego, CA 2004-2006
Technical documentation services
Designed technical publications templates using Adobe FrameMaker for online use.
Created, edited, and enhanced graphics for technical documents using Photoshop, Corel Draw and Illustrator.
Updated content, captured, and placed screen shots into software training manuals.
Staff Desktop Publisher
Kyocera Wireless Corp., San Diego, CA 2002-2003
Manufacturer of wireless phones
Designed and created technical publications templates using Adobe FrameMaker.
Formatted, updated, and proofread user guides, reference guides, addendums, and warranty cards.
Tested phones against content of English, Spanish, Portuguese, French and Braille user guides.
Created graphics for user manuals and cover art for vendor acceptance test plan documentation.
Combined MS Word and Excel files from engineering into one book file.
Technical Illustrator, DTP Specialist, Web designer
ESI Electronic Component Systems, Escondido, CA 1995-2001
Manufacturer of IC testing and chip termination systems
Designed and created technical publications templates using Adobe FrameMaker.
Desktop published, updated, and proofread technical publications.
Created technical illustrations for technical documents.
Updated graphics and enhanced photos.
Managed graphic files, this included the assignment of file names and maintenance of graphic directories.
Designed, created, and managed ESI technical publications intranet web site.
Set up ESI translation system and managed translations for all technical publications from all ESI branches.
Proofread German translations.
Trained new technical publication hires on styles and procedures used in technical publications.
Tested and documented new product line software programs used in manufacturing.
Education
Majored in Fine Arts with emphasis in languages. AutoCAD Level 1 and Level 2 certification.
Contact this candidate