Delia G. Trevino 832-***-****
ady46r@r.postjobfree.com 6711 Level Pond Lane, Humble Tx 77338

** ***** ** *** *** and Gas Downhole Drilling industry. 2 years in Robotics, including the windfarm windmill. 3 years in Procurement and communication with vendors. Ability to analyze complex engineering problems and capable of working on multiple projects in various stages of completion. Build, wire and repair prototype downhole boards and connectors. Soldering experience with HMP AND SN96. Strong Documentation. Use of HoloLens, Power BI basic and Azure.

Sr. Service Electronic Engineer, Microsoft Feb 2019 - Oct 2022
Receives guidance from engineer, lab manager, and other technicians to determine which testing tasks to perform. Set up and break down testing benches or test setups.
Test equipment, hardware development and software tools required to collect data on a product feature according to existing verification plans.
Record test data and conduct basic analyses to identify bugs, defects, or failure rates with guidance from an engineer, lab manager or tech.
Documentation testing procedures and processes with guidance.
Inventory of the lab resources, testing equipment and supplies.
Create schematics using Eagle design and Express PCB
Use of 3D Printing, Pick and Place Mannon Machine, and Soldering with HMP and SN96
Work with LiDAR

Electronics Engineer, Marzden Group (acquired by Microsoft) Dec 2018 – Feb 2019
Started as a Test Tech, quickly promoted to Electronics Engineer
Testing Technician with LiDAR for visual
Soldering with SN 96 CBM, Vision IQ
Follow lab safety protocols and update test documentation
Communicate with vendors for manufacturing – resulting in coast savings for company

Technical Writer (Contract), Chevron Dec 2017 – Dec 2018
Technical writer for upstream (Downhole Drilling)
Re-write documentation to include schematics, mechanical drawing, equations, part numbers, types of wiring, tools to use, etc.

R&D Electronic Engineer, Scientific Drilling May 2015 – Dec 2017
Comply with all safety, health, environmental, and quality requirements relevant to position
Downhole Drilling testing - expertise with various tools to receive, disassemble, clean, and assemble, telling what parts or boards need to be changed
Use of Gammas Ray sensor - high rotation steering the gammas, goes inside the rotary steering and it gives it a direction where to drill
Resistance of downhole drilling using Halo Rotary Steerable System and MFR
LWD/MWD production logging, directional drilling
Analysis data for drilling optimization
Wireline Operator

Education:
Lone Star College University Park Pursuing Associate Degree in Industrial Engineering
Certification in: Electronic Field Technologies – Oscilloscope - IPC Training on: Linux - Microsoft Azure - Power Bi - A+
Contact this candidate