ERIC DE BIASI
Tel: +1-650-***-**** • E-mail: ady8ru@r.postjobfree.com
PERSONAL PROFILE
A Senior Technical Writer / Senior Engineer with a background of over 15 years in producing high-quality product and process documentation for companies across the areas of biotechnology, medical devices, semiconductors, and electronics. Strong engineering knowledge with the capability to understand and interpret specifications/workflows and translate them into clear technical documentation/manuals/bulletins for a breadth of stakeholders at all levels. EXPERTISE
First-rate technical writing skills with experience in liaising with subject matter experts and producing concise manuals/documentation for complex systems, solutions, and processes.
Supporting teams to create and maintain documentation effectively and driving the adoption of good practices.
Strong confidence when liaising with technical and non-technical personnel, end users, and customers.
Supporting staff and end-user/customer training requirements and other information-related initiatives.
Implementing strategies for maintaining and repairing highly complex equipment, hardware, and instrumentation.
Skilled at managing field-based installations and commissioning and de-commissioning activities at sites.
Full understanding of the importance of compliance with Health and Safety regulations.
Aptitude to maintain composure and professionalism while making informed judgments in pressurized situations.
Proficiency in using software including the Microsoft Office Suite, Adobe FrameMaker, Adobe Acrobat Pro, Adobe Photoshop, Microsoft Visio, Solidworks, CorelDraw, virtual machine, XML, Schema ST4, IXIA Soft 6 CCMS.
Multilingual capability in English and Spanish.
CAREER & ACHIEVEMENTS TO DATE
Senior User Assistance Developer – Varian Medical Systems (USA) September 2022 – present
Create and edit technical content for Radiotherapy equipment.
Create Instructions for Use (IFU), Customer Release Notes (CRN), Machine Maintenance Guides, internal documents, User Assistance Plan (UAP), etc.
Authoring in IXIA6 CCMS DITA (XML).
Agile platforms: ADLM, ClearQuest, JIRA, JAMA, TFS, etc.
Liaising with multi-disciplinary teams to create and maintain knowledge and documentation with accuracy. Senior Technical Writer (contract) – Auriga Corporation (USA) April - September 2022
Created and edited technical documentation internally and for our clients in the rail, transportation, electrical transmission, and alternative energy industries. Includes brochures, marketing documents, training manuals, work instructions, user guides, proposals, etc.
Liaised with multi-disciplinary teams to accurately create and maintain knowledge and documentation. Technical Writer – Fluidic Analytics Ltd. (United Kingdom) Jun 2021 – April 2022
Created and edited technical content for protein characterization instruments (microfluidic diffusional sizing, MDS).
Created Instructions for Use (IFU), work instructions (WI), package inserts, scientific blogs, marketing materials, etc.
Created new document formats and templates in Microsoft Word and Adobe FrameMaker.
Liaised with multi-disciplinary teams to accurately create and maintain knowledge and documentation. Technical Writer (contract) – TRUMPF GmbH + Co. KG (Germany) Jun 2020 – Jun 2021
Created and edited technical content for semiconductor manufacturing equipment in Noxum Publishing Studio 5 (XML- based content management system).
Liaised with multi-disciplinary teams to accurately create and maintain knowledge and documentation. Technical Writer (cont.) – Roche Diagnostics Automation Solutions GmbH (Germany) Sep 2019 – Apr 2020
Created end-user and field service manuals for complex blood/urine pre-analytical systems.
Worked in close collaboration with subject matter experts (SMEs) to understand the operation of products and best practices to convey within the documentation.
Senior Product Engineer / Technical Writer – Roche Sequencing Solutions (USA) Apr 2017 – Sep 2019
Created all field documentation and provided comprehensive support for Roche-affiliated Field Service Engineers.
Undertook the creation of new training content/manuals and edited existing training content to drive improvements.
Delivered technical training to customers and field personnel to provide a clear understanding of products/processes.
Acted as a Subject Matter Expert on imaging equipment and resolve complex technical issues within SLAs. Senior Field Service Engineer – Wafergen Biosystems (USA) Feb 2016 – Apr 2017
Maintained multi-sample nano dispensers, thermocyclers, imagers, and liquid handling robots.
Undertook fault finding and performed root cause analysis to identify issues and lead to swift resolutions.
Effectively managed workloads and ensured all activities were completed within defined time constraints.
Performed preventative maintenance to reduce future potential issues and downtime.
Ensured strict compliance with all relevant health and safety legislation and applied industry best practices. Senior Product Support Engineer / Technical Writer – Affymetrix, Inc. (USA) 2013 – 2016
Created technical bulletins, field service procedures, and technical manuals in line with requirements.
Provided technical instrumentation support for Field Service Engineers via telephone, e-mail, and on-site.
Designed and delivered technical training programs to Field Service Engineers.
Spearheaded new product pilot installations worldwide. EARLIER CAREER SUMMARY
Senior Field Service Engineer – Leica Microsystems (USA) 2011 – 2013 Field Support Engineer / Technical Writer – Labcyte Inc. (USA) 2008 – 2011 Automation Engineer / Technical Writer (R&D) – Affymetrix, Inc. (USA) 2005 – 2008 EDUCATION
ITT Technical Institute (California, USA)
AS Electronics Engineering (3.7 GPA)
Coursework: Focus on electronic circuit design and theory. References are available upon request.
Contact this candidate