Personal Resume

Howard Mayrant

Laguna Niguel, California
Telephone: 949-***-****
Email: adyn01@r.postjobfree.com

Position: Senior Technical Writer and Business Analyst

Summary:
As a highly experienced Senior Business Analyst and Technical Writer, I’ve worked at major companies in Southern California, including Optum Health Care, First American Corporation, CoreLogic, PNC Bank, S.C. Edison, Bank of America, Dept. of Homeland Security, LendingTree Loans, Kia Motors, Ameriquest Mortgage and Fluor Corporation. My documentation is professional, concise, and easy to read! For nine years, I was the only Technical Writer/Business Analyst at First American Corporation. I reported directly to the I/S Director. I left First American to accept a full-time employee offer from Optum Health Services as their Sr. Analyst. Upon completing my contract, I took some time off during the worsening COVID pandemic.

Specific Skills:
• Strong management and organizational skills and attentive attitude.
• Exceptional multi-tasking skills and adaptability to job requirements.
• Strong verbal & writing skills, and work cohesively with teammates.

Software Proficiency: Microsoft Suite (Word, Access, Excel, PowerPoint, Visio), Oxygen/XML,
Adobe RoboHelp, FrameMaker, Adobe InDesign & Illustrator, Web Works, Notepad++, Designer.

Education:
BS Degree - Business Administration, majoring in Systems Analysis, Cal State, Northridge.

Work History (2008-2022):
Nov 2021 – Feb 2022: Optum Health Services (Contractor): My assignment was to evaluate all company requirements for new additional output reporting that may be required to support user needs. I developed a new online screen application that accumulated special user requests for custom ‘ad-hoc’ reports required by computer users to supplement the standardized (fixed) computer system reporting that was previously available. NOTE: Upon completing this contract, I avoided all onsite job opportunities as COVID spread!

Feb 2013–Aug 2021: First American Corporation, Santa Ana (Full-Time): As Technical Writer and Business Analyst at First American for nine years, I was instrumental in the design and writing of the company’s user documentation residing on their ‘SharePoint’ data repository. This repository housed all the company’s computerized systems, and includes over 300 systems support documents that I authored.

Page 1 of 2

Howard Mayrant Resume (continued)

October 2012 – December 2012 – CoreLogic, Irvine Spectrum (Contractor):
As Technical Writer/Business Analyst, I worked with Subject Matter Experts (SMEs) to develop data field definitions for Core Logic’s ‘Census Demographics’ databases. The assignment included multiple projects, including ‘Tax Services’, 3rd Party Demographics’, ‘FBI Crime Statistics’, and ‘Maximum Sales Trends’.

April 2012 – September 2012 - PNC Bank, Laguna Niguel (Contractor):
As Senior Technical Writer for PNC Banks, I reviewed, Analyzed, and created ‘Single Point of Contact’ (SPOC) Policy and Procedures documents used by all Bank Retention & Liquidation Negotiators at all PNC Bank branches. I was also asked to design and create PNC’s first ‘Contractor’s Quick Reference Guide’. For this new documentation, I was asked to investigate and integrate all relevant processes from the ‘Advanced Commercial Banking System’ (ACBS).

Nov 2011 – February 2012 – Southern California Edison, Chino (Contractor):
As Technical Writer/Applications Developer, I designed and implemented a new ‘Learning Mgmt. System’ (LMS)’ for all SCE’s instructor-led compliance training, which completely replace old Instructor-led training courses (as their ‘Spill Prevention and Control’ training) by utilizing the new ‘Articulate Studio 09’ product. The new multimedia courses included new and exciting features, as narrations, musical fade-in/fade-outs, in-stream quizzes, and auto-scored testing, establishing a new model standard for converting all of SCE’s ‘instructor-led’ training to be eventually replaced by total ‘self-help’ training courses for all future training!

April 2011 – September 2011 – Bank of America, Laguna Niguel (Contractor):
As Senior Technical Writer, I both researched and documented updated corporate policies and procedures for all of Bank of America’s Service Departments of Special Circumstances. In this capacity, I also published to all B of A branches on the ‘Policies and Procedures Portal’ (Internet). All of the newly revised policies on ‘Short Sale Customer Escalations’ and ‘Residential Foreclosures’ that I developed, became a mandatory distribution to each and every employee of Bank of America’s branches across the entire nation.

Jan 2008 – December 2010 – Dept. of Homeland Security, Laguna Niguel Federal Bldg. (Full-Time):
As Senior Training Specialist, I was responsible for training Customs and Border Protection Agents in the use of the entire ‘Microsoft Suite’ (MS Word/PowerPoint/Excel/Access/Outlook). This project assignment included preparing and documenting my own class training materials, including my Instructor’s Guide and my Student Guides. Each of my documents had to pass the very highly stringent DHS training materials documentation standards guidelines. The formatting structure of my training materials was implemented as the future standard for the development of all future Department of Homeland Security’s training materials.

*** Page extraction samples from my documents furnished upon request ***

Page 2 of 2
Contact this candidate