Doug Sans
IT Professional Solutions Provider Technical/Content Writer
Profile
I have worked for a variety of companies, in a variety of IT roles. This has molded me into a very well-rounded, multifaceted and experienced IT professional. I have excellent leadership and communication skills and a dedication to job completion with little or no supervision. My abilities and sincere, dedicated attitude, as well as being a team player, have enabled me to lead teams and spearhead major projects to success. I have worked with people from around the globe enabling me to communicate effectively with the given language barriers and time zones differences. I am a well-rounded leader who has worked closely with people at all levels from peers to senior executives.

I am a very technical person who pays close attention to detail. I am very well-organized, methodical and detail oriented. I have the ability to be very dynamic, enabling me to adapt to situations quickly. I also have the ability to think “outside of the box” and provide excellent client interactions and communications enabling me to provide detailed, yet understandable communications and to a variety of technical and non-technical audiences as well as provide solutions to overcome challenges needing resolution.

Technical Support Engineer Lab Support Engineer Test Engineer Technical/Test Lead Project Management Technical Writing
Creative Writing Web Content & Publishing Creation Asset Management Logistics
Skills

Hardware
DELL PowerEdge Servers HP Blade Servers IBM xSeries Servers & ITE’s Lenovo: Servers/ITE’s, PC’s, Laptops, Tablets
IBM Flex Server Management Systems: IMM (Integrated Management Module), CMM (Chassis Management Module), FSM (Flex System Manager module), FiberChannel, System x Series Servers
Brother Canon HP Kodak Lexmark: Printers, Scanners, All-in-One’s
Cisco Linksys Netgear: Hubs, Routers, Switches (N9K, etc.), SAN Switches, Spirent, Wireless Routers and Wireless Access Points
Cabling: CAT5, CAT6, CAT7, COAX, Fiber

Operating Systems
Microsoft Windows Server OS’s: NT4, 2000, 2003, 2008, 2012, 2016, 2018, 2019
Microsoft Windows Client OS’s: 95, 98, XP, 2000, Vista, 7, 8, 10
MAC OS’s / Apple iOS’s: OS X 10.x / iOS 4-12
Novell NetWare Server OS’s: Versions 3.10 – 6.0
Linux OS’s: Novell SUSE 10 – 11, Redhat (RHEL) 3.9 – 6.4, GNOME, KDE, Ubuntu
VMware OS’s: Versions ESX Server 4.1, ESXi Server 4.0 – 5.1, vSphere Hypervisor

Cloud Technologies
Big Data Framework: Elasticsearch, Hadoop
Cloud Computing: IBM Watson, Apple iCloud, Familiar with AWS, Familiar with BMC

Software Applications & Methodologies
Adobe Software: Acrobat Professional, Acrobat Reader, Adobe Photoshop, Adobe Premiere Elements
AntiVirus Software: AVG, McAfee & McAfee ePO, Symantec Endpoint Protection, Norton Internet Security & 360, Trend Micro
Server/Cloud-based Workflow Automation Platform/DB: ClearQuest, Heat (call center ticketing), Lotus Notes, Microsoft SQL, MySQL, Jazz RQM and RTC, Remedy (call center ticketing), ServiceNow, Jira
Email Software: Lotus Notes, Microsoft Outlook, WebMail: [Google Gmail, Microsoft Hotmail, Yahoo Mail, etc.]
Employee Management Software: Kronos Workforce Central
FTP Software: CoreFTP, CuteFTP, FileZilla, WinSCP
Graphics Editing Software: Adobe: [Fireworks, Flash Builder, Photoshop], Corel Paint Shop Pro, SnagIt
Deployment/Imaging Software: Acronis, BigFix, Microsoft ImageX, Microsoft Windows AIK (sysprep), Microsoft MDT, Symantec Ghost, Image Ultra, ADS (Advanced Deployment Services), Smart Image, FRED, SMS/SCCM, Tivoli Endpoint Manager, UCD
Instant Messaging Systems: Lotus Notes SameTime, Microsoft Lync, Slack
Manual and Automated Test Tools: UCD, CLI, ASU, BIT, MIB, SoLt, SYSmark and other Lenovo & IBM proprietary manual and automated testing tools and scripts.
Remote Desktop Software: Bomgar, LogmeIn, Netmeeting, VNC, Windows Remote Desktop (RDP), Windows Desktop Sharing
VPN Software: AT&T Dialer, Cisco VPN Dialer, Citrix, GlobalProtect
Web Browser Software: Google Chrome, Microsoft Internet Explorer, Microsoft Edge, Mozilla Firefox, Opera, Safari, Tor
Web Design Software: Adobe Dreamweaver, Microsoft FrontPage, Microsoft Expression Web
Word Processing Software: Lotus SmartSuite, Microsoft Office Suite, Microsoft Visio, Microsoft Project, Microsoft Office 365 Suite, OpenOffice
Systems Practices, Guidelines & Software: GxP, GMP, QMS, LMS, HIPAA, FDA, CDC
File Sharing and Communication Systems: Box, Microsoft OneDrive, Microsoft SharePoint, Microsoft Teams, Slack, Cisco WebEx

Ecryption Protocols Topology (LAN WLAN WAN)
DHCP. DNS. DDNS, Ethernet, FTP, FFTP, Gnutella, Gopher, HTTP, HTTPS, IMAP, IPMI, IPX/SPX, IRC, LDAP, MAPI, MIME, NetBIOS, NetBeui, POP3, PPP, SMTP, SNMP, SOCKS, TCP/IP v4/v6, Telnet, Token Ring, WiFi & WAPs [IEEE 802.11(A/AC/AD/B/G/N), SSID / Encryption Types: EAP, LEAP, PEAP, TKIP, WEP, WPA/WPA2]

Experience
03/2022 – Present
Sr. Technical Writer-Project Manager / IT Consultant – Kaiser Permanente – Remote
Contract Position via Rose International
oAs a Project Manager and member of the Transitioning Planning and Support (TPS) team, I provide guidance on creating/updating the required Transition deliverable, assist with the handoff of support to Operation, and track metrics on support related incidents.
oAs a Project Manager, I am accountable to ensure the application documentation is created, or updated, prior to deployment. Documentation included, but not limited to, is, Support and Administration Guide (SAG), Operational Readiness Review (ORR) and SAG RACI (Responsible, Accountable, Consulted, and Informed) documentation.
oPublish Application/Service Documentation: Create subdirectories to create, update and publish SAG/RACI/ORR documents to the ‘SAG Library’ hosted on SharePoint.
oAs a Sr. Technical Writer, coupled with a partner technical writer, together we lead the efforts to migrate Support and Administration Guides (SAGs) from Microsoft Word document format to a proprietary online application portal (NexGen), that integrates with other systems such as ATLAS, ServiceNow and others.
oWork with immediate management and team to discuss and set new processes for migration and client communications.
oAuthor outgoing communications used to provide “What You Need to Know” and “What You Need to Do” information. Such communications are sent via email, or published online to inform the entire corporation.
oCorrecting data within SAG’s post migration to ensure formatting, grammar and other information is correctly applied.
oWork directly with project technical team, application owners, application managers and team members to ensure their SAG data is correctly and completely migrated.
oPublish KB Articles: Author and update KB articles using ServiceNow (SNOW).
oProvide status reports to project management and upper management key players.
Technologies Used: Microsoft Office Suite 365, Microsoft Teams, Microsoft SharePoint, ServiceNow, VB Script/Macro, Cisco WebEx, etc.

09/2021 – 08/2022
Sr. Technical Writer / Lead – Kyndryl – Remote
Contract Position via Artech
oSpearheading efforts to document policies and procedures around Active Directory Network Management.
oCreating, updating, editing, correcting SOP and Policy documentation around Active Directory Domain and Domain Controller management for a global corporation (Sysco).
oAssign writing tasks to other technical writers on the team.
oWork with Active Directory SME engineers to obtain prerequisites and assumptions and document procedures for all Active Directory management processes.
oProvide status reports to project management and upper management key players.
Technologies Used: Microsoft Office Suite 365, Microsoft Teams, Microsoft SharePoint/OneDrive, ServiceNow, Jira, Box, Slack, etc.

10/2020 – 09/2021 - Work History Gap Due to COVID-19 Pandemic

06/2018 – 10/2020
Lab Support Engineer – Cisco – RTP, NC
Self-Employed/Consulting Position via JCH Cabling/DataNetIT
oInstallation of copper and fiber cabling.
oCopper and fiber cable patching servers and network system devices within racks in NOC environments.
oInstall devices, such as N9k switches, Spirent’s and other hardware, in racks and make all necessary connections via fiber and/or copper within rack and externally to other network devices via fiber and copper patch panels.
oRead, layout and create topology mapping for NOC’s.
Technologies Used: Windows OS, Microsoft Office Suite, Visual Fault Locator, Wire Toner, SFP’s, etc.


Experience Continued
07/2016 – 06-2018
Technical Writer Sr. Test Engineer / Test Lead – IBM Watson Health – RTP, NC / Remote
Contract Position – via CTG (Computer Task Group)
oAs a technical writer I worked closely with DevOps, SecOps and ITOps to create SOP’s and test plans for the IBM Watson Health platform infrastructure. I specialized in Backup & Restore, Disaster Recovery and Synchronized System Restore to create documentation to include user guides, enterprise architecture and installation guides of the Watson Health Platform. I was required to ensure documentation and architectural functions of the platform were in compliance with HIPAA, FDA and other Federal Government regulations.
oIBM Watson Health Core Infrastructure QA Engineer Lead on Backup & Restore, Synchronized System Restore and Disaster Recovery Platform in a GxP/GMP environment.
oIBM Watson Health Cloud Infrastructure QA Technical Writer for SOP, Test Plan/Test Case/Test Script creation.
oHIPAA Certified and IBM Qualified.
oLed a team consisting of members from around the United States as well as other countries from around the globe, Japan, India, Ireland, Australia and Israel to execute testing using Linux command line commands and the use of API’s via UCD (UrbanCode Deploy)
oScheduled and conducted team meetings and assigned test cases from various test plans to be executed for test case validation, dry run system validation and formal system testing. Evidence is collected that supports requirements that will be reviewed by compliance auditors to ensure test evidence meets testing requirements. All test cases and test plans go through technical and compliance reviews and approvals prior to formal test runs.
oSome testing required me to coordinate with other QA teams so that my testing can be done at such times that do not impact other system validation testing. Some testing also required me to coordinate with other QA teams that also conduct testing both pre and post the testing I perform and delegate to be performed.
oWorked closely with ITOps and developers to understand each system component and how it uses the 3 infrastructure pieces I am responsible for creating test plans/test cases and perform testing on.
oSpearheaded training of others on the testing aspects of the test plans and test cases that I created and authored.
oReported status of BUR, SSR and DR test protocols to QA teams, project managers and other up line management and directors.
oI have an in-depth knowledge of backup & restore, synchronized system restore and disaster recovery which enables me to assist in the design and development discussions to assist in providing working solutions for the Watson Health Platform.
oResponsible for reviewing and approving SOP and Work Instruction documentation for backup & restore, synchronized system restore and disaster recovery, created/authored by development teams.
oOpened and followed defects against components/services that fail testing as well as against incorrect SOP and Work Instruction documentation. I worked closely with ITOps and development teams to resolve and verify solutions provided/deployed to resolve defects.
oPerformed testing through both, web interface into UCD and the use of CLI terminal sessions.
oExperience with Agile/SCRUM methodologies.
Technologies Used: Windows and Linux OS's, Big data framework, Elasticsearch & Hadoop, IBM UrbanCode Deploy, Microsoft Office Suite, Microsoft Visio, VPN, PuTTY, WinSCP, Lotus Notes, Jazz RTC and RQM databases, QMS, CMS, Box, Lotus SameTime, Slack, Web Browsers: Fire Fox, Chrome, IE, others.

10/2015 – 07/2016
Lab Support Engineer – Cisco – RTP, NC
Self-Employed/Consulting Position via JCH Cabling/DataNetIT
oInstallation of copper and fiber cabling.
oCopper and fiber cable patching servers and network system devices within racks in NOC environments.
oInstall devices, such as N9k switches, Spirent’s and other hardware, in racks and make all necessary connections via fiber and/or copper within rack and externally to other network devices via fiber and copper patch panels.
oRead, layout and create topology mapping for NOC’s.
Technologies Used: Windows OS, Microsoft Office Suite, Visual Fault Locator, Wire Toner, SFP’s, etc.

05/2015 – 10/2015
Asset Management Logistics Support – Lenovo – Morrisville, NC
Contract Position via CTG (Computer Task Group)
oAsset auditing and management of hardware devices.
oAsset management for decommissioning, scraping/recycling of hardware devices.
Technologies Used: Windows OS, Microsoft Office, Internal Asset Management Software, FedEx Shipping Website, UPS Shipping Website, USPS Shipping Website.


Experience Continued
07/2014 – 05/2015
Hardware/Firmware Quality Assurance (Test) Engineer Technical Writer – Lenovo (IBM) – RTP, NC / Remote
Contract Position via CTG (Computer Task Group)
oProvided testing of UEFI/BIOS, IMM, CMM and FSM code on the latest IBM Flex System x Series servers and server management systems using out of band, in-band, remote and web interface methods.
oBuilt and configured Linux (Redhat & Suse), Windows 2008/2012 and VMware servers to be used in testing.
oUsing out of band, in-band, web interface, remote, direct and serial connections along with Windows and Linux tools I applied new code to be tested on xSeries servers.
oUse of IPMI, LDAP, SMTP, SNMP, SSH and other protocols as well as tools such as ASU, BIT, MIB Browser, PuTTY, Qtester, SoLt, etc., to test code on the latest server hardware and OS’s such as Windows 2008/2012, Red Hat Linux, Suse Linux, VMware and more.
oManaged test case queues for 6 different server types testing was to be performed on.
oWrote defects against code that failed testing and managed the defects working closely with code developers to correct failed test cases.
oPerformed technical writing by updating test cases, writing new test cases, creating procedural documentation to be used for training of new engineers to include illustrations and screenshots. Performed content writing for BIOS/uEFI configs, server hardware, server hardware components, etc.
oCreated SOP documentation for our Chinese counterparts in China, providing detailed procedures to build server testbeds, configure UEFI hardware and OS’s for testing as well as test procedures.
oExperience with Agile/SCRUM methodologies.
Technologies Used: Windows OS, Linux OS (Redhat, Suse), VMware, Active Directory, IPMI, BoMC, .BAT/.CMD and PowerShell Scripting, Python Scripting, PuTTY, SoLT, Lotus Notes, ClearQuest, Rational Quality Management, Microsoft Office Suite, Microsoft Visio.

01/2014 – 07/2014
Operations Systems Engineer / Team Lead – U.S. EPA (United States Environmental Protection Agency) – RTP, NC
Contract Position via Agensys and ECS Federal (FEDERAL PUBLIC TRUST CLEARANCE)
oLed desktop engineering service efforts to the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency during migration from Windows XP to Windows 7.
oSpearheaded Tier I and Tier II migration imaging teams and post migration support staff to perform daily migration and support tasks in performing a Windows XP to Windows 7 systems migration for the U.S. EPA and manage daily system migration statuses.
oReviewed daily migration schedules and populating the MDT database with the system information for systems that are to be migrated each day.
oAssisted in the development and maintenance of a heavily customized implementation of Microsoft Deployment Toolkit 2012.
oVerified that individual user system data is backed up by imaging team staff and that the file (migdata/migration data) size comparisons are verified prior to systems being migrated to ensure complete data backup of each system.
oPerformed standard systems administrator duties, user account password resets and ensure that Agency computers are in the correct Active Directory OU’s for staging, imaging and production during migration process.
oTroubleshot MDT 2012 problems that prevent user profile backups or imaging by reviewing logs and Windows Scripting Files.
oWorked with the U.S. EPA technical support and project management staff to resolve other complex problems and ensure that migration tasks are completed on schedule. Last but not least, I provide daily migration status reports to management and other project staff.
oProvided Tier III support for client integrated core services and enterprise class desktop configurations via Bomgar Remote Assistance software as well as for entire migration staff resolving local system issues, migration problems, data backup problems and other network related problems that arise.
Technologies Used: Windows OS, Active Directory Server 2012, VBscript & PowerShell Scripting, MDT 2012, BigFix, Remedy, Symantec Ghost, ImageX, SCCM, Microsoft Office Suite, Microsoft Outlook, Microsoft SharePoint, Lotus Notes.

01/2013 – 11/2013
Hardware/Firmware Test Engineer – IBM – RTP, NC
Contract Position via CTG (Computer Task Group)
oLed efforts in the testing of UEFI/BIOS, IMM, CMM and FSM code on the latest IBM Flex System x Series servers and server management systems using out of band, in-band, remote and web interface methods.
oUsing out of band, in-band, web interface, remote, direct and serial connections along with Windows and Linux tools I applied new code to be tested on xSeries servers.
oUsed of IPMI, LDAP, SMTP, SNMP, SSH and other protocols as well as tools such as ASU, BIT, MIB Browser, PuTTY, SoLt, etc., to test code on the latest server hardware and OS’s such as Windows 2008/2012, Red Hat Linux, Suse Linux, VMware and more.
oManaged test case queues for 9 different server types testing was to be performed on.
oWrote defects against code that failed testing and managed the defects working closely with code developers to correct failed test cases.
oPerformed content writing for BIOS/uEFI configs, server hardware, server hardware components, etc. and created detailed inventory spreadsheets.
oBuilt and configured Windows 2008/2012 and Linux (Redhat & Suse) servers to be used in testing.
Technologies Used: Windows OS, Linux OS (Redhat, Suse), vmware, Active Directory, Perl Scripting, Python Scripting, VBscript & PowerShell Scripting, Lotus Notes, ClearQuest, Rational Quality Management, Microsoft Office Suite.


Experience Continued
08/2007 – 11/2012
Project Manager Sr. Imaging Engineer Technical Writer – Lenovo (Image Technology Center) – Morrisville, NC
Contract Position via CTG (Computer Task Group)
oManaged large enterprise, government and educational multi-million dollar projects from beginning to end. Initiated client contact, prepared and delivered project plans, test plans as well as solutions for today's business needs in the large scope of custom PC, laptop, tablet and server imaging and systems delivery, migrations and rollouts. Worked within STIG guidelines for RFQ’s submitted by federal government agencies.
oAs a hands on project manager, I spearheaded custom hardware, software, BIOS and OS configurations to create and capture custom image(s) for manufacturing processes using tools such as Microsoft's ImageX, Windows AIK (sysprep creating custom OOBE), Symantec Ghost, and Lenovo proprietary imaging tools, as well as manipulation of Lenovo custom imaging manufacturing code and the use of scripted files (.BAT, .CMD, .INF, .XML. etc.). I created, modified, migrated, tested and verified custom images for Lenovo clients (Large Enterprise/Government/Educational) on the latest Lenovo ThinkPad laptop, ThinkCentre/ThinkStation desktop and ThinkServer/BladeCenter server hardware technology platforms. I used manual testing procedures, Lenovo proprietary automated testing tools and scripts and tools such as SYSmark to perform benchmark testing on hardware performance with custom image applied.
oWorked closely with and provided direction to lab engineers on projects that I managed. I also worked closely with the product development teams around the world for hardware, software and BIOS related matters.
oWorked closely with manufacturing sites to ensure product delivery and other types of manufacturing issues by providing solutions to ensure that product was being shipped to my clients.
oLead pre-GA testing before new products go to market.
oCreated and maintained FAQ and SOP documentation for processes and procedures used by lab engineers. Used Microsoft Office suite to edit and maintain RFP/RFI documentation for sales staff and global manufacturing departments.
Technologies Used: Windows OS, Linux OS, Symantec Ghost, Windows AIK, Microsoft ImageX, MDT 2003 & 2012, BigFix, Lotus Notes, Microsoft Office Suite, Microsoft Visio, Microsoft Project.
Awards: 2008 - Outstanding Customer Support 2011 - $1500.00 Award for playing a key role in landing a $36.5 Million U.S.A.F. contract.

07/2007 – 04/2008
Systems Administrator – IBM – RTP, NC
Contract Position via Insight Global
oImaged and migrated from IBM Blade to Dell PowerEdge servers.
oRacking, stacking and wiring of servers.
oInstalled and configured Dell PowerEdge server hardware, OS’s and software.
oProvided remote server support via ticketing system and customers (Vanity Fair) IT staff to troubleshoot and resolve live server issues.
Technologies Used: Windows OS, Linux OS, Symantec Ghost, Windows AIK, Microsoft ImageX, MDT 2003, BigFix, Lotus Notes, Microsoft Office Suite.

Complete Work History Available Upon Request

Volunteer Experience
2006 – 2014
VP of Hockey Operations (BoD) / Director of Travel Hockey / Hockey Coach / Team Manager – Carolina Jr Hurricanes (RYHA) – Raleigh, NC
Elected Volunteer Position
oOversaw all hockey operations for the largest youth hockey organization in the Southeast, From Tryouts to supporting coaching staff of over 25 travel teams, leading 5 teams in 2010 to USA Hockey Nationals Championship Tournaments.
oAs a board member I created and provided detailed written proposals to board of directors for hockey programs and worked closely with NHL and Carolina Hurricanes staff to achieve organizational goals.
oAttended and participated in monthly board meetings and open forums as a board of director member.
oRan daily hockey operations for over 25 national travel teams from Mites – U18.
oScheduled and conducted yearly membership meetings to provide detailed information about the organizations programs and other imperative information.
oProvided written cost analysis for equipment and other costs to include coaches stipends and organization paid staff salaries.
oChaired committees comprised of organization members to insure that the proposals submitted to the board were sound proposals in favor of both the organization as well as its members.

02/2002 – 06/2010
Hockey Coach – City of Raleigh Parks & Recreation – Raleigh, NC
Volunteer Position
oCoached youth hockey for the City of Raleigh Parks & Recreation to introduce hockey to local youth and mentor young children by combining the lessons from hockey and showing youth how these lessons relate to everyday life.
oAssisted the CoR-P&R Athletics Director with hockey program coordination and logistics.


Security Clearance(s)

2014
U.S EPA
Federal Public Trust

2011-2026
37 U.S. States
Concealed Carry Permit

Education

2016-2018
IBM Watson Health Cloud, RTP, NC
HIPPA Training and Certification

2000
Global Knowledge, Cary, NC
Studies Emphasized, ICND/CCNA Cisco Certification Training
Certificate of course completion

1999
ExecuTrain, Raleigh, NC
Studies Emphasized, (MCP/MCSE) Administering Microsoft Windows NT 4.0, Supporting Microsoft
Windows NT 4.0 Core Technologies
Certificate of course completion

1998
Wake Technical College, Raleigh, NC
Studies emphasized, Microsoft Windows NT Server 4.0
Certificate of course completion

1994-1995
ECPI University, Raleigh, NC
Studies Emphasized, Computer & Information Technologies
Scholastic Achievement Awards for a GPA of 4.0
Diploma in Computer Engineering Technology and C.E.T. certification (Certified Electronics Technician)

Awards

2011
Lenovo
$1500.00 Key Role Player in securing $36.5M contract with U.S.A.F.

2008
Lenovo
Outstanding Customer Support

1995
ECPI University
Scholastic Achievement Awards for a GPA of 4.0

Contact
Location:
Raleigh, NC 27616-6369
@mail:
adzagu@r.postjobfree.com
Cell/Txt:
+1-919-***-****
Fax:
+1-919-***-****
Skype ID:
doug.p.sans

Excellent Professional & Personal References Available Upon Request
Contact this candidate