Patricia Reynolds
Tucker, GA ***** 404-***-****
adzahk@r.postjobfree.com https://www.linkedin.com/in/patriciareynolds10
Technical Writer Professional
Software Development Experience, Trusted Team Member, Active Security Clearance
POSSESSING STRONG PROJECT MANAGEMENT SKILLS
Customer Service Expert MS Office Expert User Adept Written/Verbal Communicator
Highly accomplished professional with a firm understanding of corporate procedures and processes, possessing exceptional communication skills. Accustomed to going beyond the core duties of the position to support the team and project assignment. Recognized as a professional who can grasp new concepts and ideas which benefit the company. Flexible, team player with the ability to communicate at all levels of the organization.
Partnering with strong skills:
Expert level computer and internet skills, expert in MS-Word and PowerPoint, and above average skills in Excel and Access
508-C Compliance knowledge and experience
Recognized for positive management and communication skills with the ability to relate to diverse groups
Presents professional and positive image for company to customers and team members
Business Analyst skills for evaluating processes, workflows, creating solutions for problem areas, and building requirements for new/revised software development (SDLC)
Knowledgeable of Software Development Lifecycle (SDLC) and associated documentation
Helpdesk experience and knowledge
Remote work experience

PROFESSIONAL ACCOMPLISHMENTS
Expert research skills to find and verify information including Interviewing and observation.
Expert communications skills in verbal, written, and electronic mediums.
Experienced in utilizing corporate formats and guidelines for documentation in standard operating practices and instructions.
Gathers information and assesses current situations to identify problems.
Maintains document libraries using SharePoint or Box.
Paya
Document processes and procedures for the IT department.
Document security processes and procedures.
Document the network architecture and create Visio diagrams of the network.
Create Knowledge Base documents for the Helpdesk group.
Document the Incident process for tracking problems and resolutions for all incidents for application or network issues.
Document processes involving clients or vendors at interface points with Paya.

Georgia Gwinnett College
Perform data gathering activities while interviewing subject matter experts
Prepare documentation regarding Educational Technology IT processes relating to Oracle databases, Banner processes, UC4, and StarRez.
Establish a template and document format.
Responsible for maintaining completed documents in the SharePoint library.
Georgia Lottery Corporation
Perform data gathering activities and prepare documentation regarding network and systems configurations.
Create user and helpdesk documentation accessible via SharePoint or Knowledgebase.
In conjunction with the SME, create documentation on the Exchange environment including Active Directory and the network configuration.
In conjunction with the SME, create documentation for the VMware environment.
Create documentation for disaster recovery at both the main data center and the backup data center. This includes documenting the network and hardware configurations.
Create a comprehensive document indicating the process priority ranking and each action for implementation with a timeline for the disaster recovery procedure.
Document procedures and configurations for the NetApp environment.
Provide user guides and knowledge base instructions for the user community on all products utilized. This includes the Microsoft Office Suite, Exchange, Windows 7 and 10, and Citrix.
Document the Change Management process.
Document the backup procedure using the ExaGrid including schedules, off-site storage and data recovery.
Facilitate meetings with clients regarding process and workflow documentation.
Actively guide requirements documentation during the software planning and development.
State of Georgia Office of State Administrative Hearings
Observe, learn, and document the clerical processes for:
Data entry to docket a new case
Data entry to close a case
Materials needed for paper file including audio CDs of hearing proceedings
eCourt and Trakker Software
Cox Automotive/Manheim/AutoTrader
Interviewed and observed Subject Matter Experts to gather process and procedure data.
Designed, developed, and documented end-to-end processes/procedures across organization.
Constructed and Edited documentation as required by the technology group including the helpdesk website pages offering search based on metadata.
Created framework/format for documentation (process maps, narratives, use cases, procedures/manuals).
Created a process/procedure for revision control for the documentation post-implementation.
Worked with internal team to develop library structure for SharePoint repository.
Created and executed project work plans, revising as necessary to meet changing needs and requirements.
Atlanta Public Schools
Interviewed and observed Subject Matter Experts to gather process and procedure data
Created framework/format for documentation (process maps, narratives, procedures/manuals).
Designed, developed, and documented end-to-end processes/procedures across organization.
Created a process/procedure for revision control for the documentation post-implementation.
Worked with internal team to develop library structure for SharePoint repository.
Created and executed project work plans, revising as necessary to meet changing needs and requirements
Southern Insurance Underwriters
Responsible for interviewing staff and observing work processes while gathering requirements.
Provided constructive feedback on efficiency of workflows.
Perform User Acceptance Testing on new software.
Selected as team member to evaluate workflows, processes and procedures and provide and implement new methods to improve timelines for production.
Integrated screen prints with added notations and markup to assist reader’s understanding of technical material. Tools used most frequently include Photoshop, Paint, Visio, and Snagit!.
Created and presented written and oral progress reports to upper management using documentation and PowerPoint presentations.
Responsible for creating workflow charts. Tool of choice for flowcharting was Visio.
Software evaluation, troubleshooting, and documentation.
Maintained documents/versions in SharePoint library.
CDC
Performed User Acceptance Testing on new software.
Created, composed, and designed training materials for software programs. Integrated screen prints with added notations and markup to assist reader’s understanding of technical material. Tools used most frequently include Photoshop, Paint, Visio, and Snagit!
Software evaluation, troubleshooting, and documentation.
Maintained documents/versions in SharePoint library.
Team member for software development providing documentation.
BellSouth Telecommunications
Composed RFPs and RFQs for software products for user groups while Systems Manager.
Software evaluation, troubleshooting, and documentation for products chosen as finalists from RFP.
Designed and implemented Disaster Recovery Plans while Systems Manager & Network Manager.
Project leader for technical projects, responsible for documenting progress and pitfalls of each task. Facilitated meetings, responsible for task assignment and overall project tracking. Developed programs and processes required to maintain on-time completion of assigned projects. Responsible for RFTs and RFPs when required by the project direction.
Wrote on documentation related to intranet web page design for the IT support team.

Other Companies
Responsible for proofreading, editing, re-writing, coaching and composing of company standard documents for grammar, sentence structure, spelling and compliance in documentation standards. Developed procedures to protect the master electronic copy.
Responsible for interviewing staff and observing work processes while gathering requirements.
Perform Quality and User testing on new software during development and prior to release.
Selected as team member on highly visible projects to provide technical documentation of application development, user manuals, and training materials. Acted as liaison to consumer group. Data gathering functions included interviews with developer, product manager, clients, product testers and support personnel.
Created and presented written and oral progress reports to upper management using documentation and PowerPoint presentations.
Responsible for creating workflow charts, system integration charts, troubleshooting evaluation charts included in documentation for end users, helpdesk personnel and systems administrators. Tool of choice for flowcharting was Visio.
As a team member, create training materials and conduct training sessions with user groups or individuals.
Coordinated with Product Manager on timelines to ensure documentation and product were on track for targeted release date. Member of project team to develop product life cycle including enhancements and version upgrades, types of documentation required and identification of targeted audience.
Technical knowledge of systems and systems tools, networks and communications and associated terminology, HTML, web design, data center procedures, and disaster recovery.
Software evaluation, troubleshooting, and documentation.
Management experience in a corporate, technical environment.

EDUCATION
FORMAL AND PROFESSIONAL
GEORGIA STATE UNIVERSITY: Bachelor of Arts in Journalism – minor in Marketing/Public Relations
CLAYTON JUNIOR COLLEGE: Associate of Arts in Early Childhood Education
CONTINUAL LEARNING ACTIVITY: Clear Writing Index Plain Writing Information Mapping Structured Writing Communication Skills Desktop Publishing Project Management Managing in Competitive Environments Information Gathering Managing to Potential Investments in Excellence Preparing Technical Presentations Preparing Scientific Posters Managing the Work User Documentation UNIX courses Introduction of Accounting (Masters level class at University of Phoenix)

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
2001-Present Contractor/Technical Writer/Business Analyst
Due to Covid restrictions, I have not been actively working contracts (Sept. 2020-Present)
Paya (Sept., 2019 to Sept., 2020) – Technical Writer
Georgia Gwinnett College (February, 2019 – May, 2019) – Technical Writer
Georgia Lottery Corporation (April, 2016 – January, 2019) – Technical Writer
State of Georgia, Office of Administrative Hearings (Jan., 2016 – Feb., 2016) – Technical Writer
Family leave (September 2015 – December 2015)
Cox Automotive/Manheim/AutoTrader, Technical Writer (September, 2014 – August, 2015)
Atlanta Public Schools, Technical Writer (August, 2014 – September, 2014)
Southern Insurance Underwriters, Business Analyst/Technical Writer (July, 2013 – May, 2014)
Sr. Technical Writer, DBA in a Box (May-June, 2013)
Technical Writer IV, CDC Chamblee Campus (July, 2012 – May, 2013)
Notable clients include:
Chick-fil-A (Software development documentation/Point-of-Sale)
Sage Software (Helpdesk)
Praxair (Engineering correspondence and procedures)
Elite Flooring (Product and Purchasing process documentation)
Other Experience: BellSouth Telecommunications – Positions include Technical Writer, Editor, Systems Administrator, Systems Manager, Network Manager (Received 11 promotions while at BellSouth).

CORE SKILLS
Office Skills: Attentive listening skills Customer Service Proofreading/Editing Databases Records Management Document Creation Correspondence Composition Confidentiality Reports and Presentations Training Materials Problem Solving Detail-oriented Software Documentation
Computer Skills: Microsoft Windows Word Excel Access PowerPoint Outlook Project Manager Visio SnagIt! JIRA Adobe Pro Photoshop
AWARDS
Received numerous client-nominated performance recognition awards.
Contact this candidate