Taj A. Tucker
**** ********* ** ******,** *****
Home: 818-***-**** adzb6f@r.postjobfree.com
Fraud Analyst / Business Analyst / SQL Developer / Technical Writer
Ambitious self-starter pursuing a position within a company where my knowledge and skills can be both utilized and enhanced—highly motivated to continue in a professional pre/post foreclosure career.
Excellent interpersonal, communication and relationship-building skills. Listen attentively, communicate persuasively and follow through diligently.
Technically skilled—cross-platform expertise (Win/Mac) and proficiency in Word, Excel, Project, PowerPoint, Windows XP/7, Microsoft Office, Calyx Point, SQL, AS400, Discovery, SharePoint Reporting, Equator, SSIS Packages, Technical Writing
Key Competencies
Customer Service
Referral/Repeat Business Generation
PowerPoint Presentations
Public Speaking
Complaint Handling
Consultative Mortgage Loan Sales
Sales Reports & Credit Evaluations
Mortgage Underwriting, Appraisal Reviews
Loan Modifications/Forbearances/Foreclosures and Short Sales
SQL Analytics and SharePoint Programming/SSIS
Pivot Tables/ Excel Formulas(vlookup etc.)
MSP
Solution Center
Microsoft Office
Fraud Analyst
Education
Spartan School of Aeronautics

Certificate of Completion-Aircraft Technician, GPA: 3.7/4.0 President List
Work Experience

Fraud Analyst 11/2021 until 06/2023 Bank of America, Dallas TX
Receiving incoming calls from clients with unemployment / disability benefits. Protecting their accounts from attempted fraud. Placing blocks on accounts and placing outbound calls to the true parties if the account has had attempted fraud attempts. Sending one time passcodes, emails or using Experian KIQ to generate questions that only the true party would know the answers to. Authenticating the callers to remove temporary blocks off of the account based on the authentication process. Speaking to financial center employees while the clients were in the bank to verify the identification in person if there was a block on the account and the caller could not be verified over the phone.

Technical Writer / Technical Writing Procedure Management 9/2017 until 11/2021 Bank of America, Dallas TX
Responsible for writing procedures in compliance with the Bank of America Consistency Guide standards. Wrote procedures for the Line of Business and published them on the Procedure Portal after approved by the several different Subject Matter Experts. Updated the SharePoint sites with the completion of the procedures.
Solution Center trained. Made edits to procedures up to meet the criteria of the Line of Business requirements, once approved proceeded to publish.

Business Control Specialist 6/2011 until 9/2017 Bank of America, Dallas TX
Responsible for coding in SQL many requests from the line of business to ensure the teams were getting efficient results to upload to the many SharePoint sites. Placed several reports from the queries in Excel so that the customers were able to get the results out to their teams. Facilitated the team’s weekly Priority Call on WebEx so that the team could talk to the Line of Business about the specifics of the request that were entered in the One Stop SharePoint Site. Made sure that the daily reports were delivered in a timely manner to the customers so that they could research and complete their tasks for the day. Completed AdHoc requests for the line of business within expected turnaround due dates.
Created queries in SQL for different lines of business needs to mitigate risk.
Facilitator for the team’s SharePoint site.
Made sure that the team’s excel sheet was turned in daily with our pivot table of the days statistics.

Post Sale Foreclosure Auditor 12/2010 to 6/2011 Bank of America, Simi Valley, CA
Responsible for developing pivot tables in Microsoft Excel for reporting needs. Summarized analytical findings for senior management. Expert in using SQL in an analytical role. Communicating to the management about several different investors on the errors found and what is needed to be done to correct the issues. Provided written lending proposals with recommendations and statistical reports. Exceeded company sales expectations through post sales maintenance through follow-ups.
Accomplishments:
Earning consistent commendations for exemplary service delivery. Regularly “going above and beyond expectations” and “providing outstanding service and attention to details.”
Recognized for ability to quickly establish rapport with coworkers and management and build a solid teamwork environment.

Collections Specialist / Collections and Advocacy 8/2010 to 12/2010 Bank of America, Simi Valley, CA
Responsible for receiving and making calls to home owners that were sixty days or more days delinquent on their home loans and setting up promise to pays, checks over the phone, and collecting their financial information to possibly get an approval for a modification on the loan. Tested the new LPS system that went live in November 2010. Primary responsibilities included auditing the Team leaders clam packages before they were submitted to various investors in a timely manner. Follow up on claim on the claims and recoupment of monies from the investors for the servicing of their specific loans. Follow investor specific guidelines, timeframes and compliance measures in order to file timely and accurate claims.

Accomplishments:
Maintained the highest levels of professionalism and customer satisfaction.
Proved the ability to multitask and resolve customer issues, excel within a demanding, high-volume setting.

Sr. Underwriter 7/2005 to 8/2010 Stone Creek Capital Mortgage, Valencia, CA
Identified qualified loans, recommended loan structuring and underwrote files in the field to ensure a higher
percentage of loan funding, developed and maintained productive relationships with mortgage brokers, loan
officers and processors created and conducted sales presentations, marketing plans and maintained a strong
referral base educated mortgage brokers on company underwriting, programs policies and processing guidelines
Sales Accomplishments:
Averaged over $15 million in fundings per quarter as a Senior Underwriter
Trained Mortgage Brokers on the various mortgage financing available
Conducted detailed financial presentations for large groups

Quality Control Technical Writer 3/2003 to 5/2005 Blue Cross, Woodland Hills, CA
Wrote procedures in compliance with government health care standards in regards to PPO and HMO regulations.
Customer Service Representative 8/1999 to 2/2002 Healthnet, Woodland Hills, CA
Assisted the members with health plan changes and answered questions about the certain coverages in their specific plans.
Operations Specialist 6/1993 to 6/1998 United States Navy, San Diego, CA
In charge of radar equipment used to navigate the ship, detect possible threats and maneuvers the ship safely to avoid harm to the crew and civilians. Assisted the Air Traffic Controllers in the Comand Information Center.
Accomplishments:

Honorable Discharge Certificate
Total Quality Management (TQM) Certification
Good Conduct Medal
Contact this candidate