Daren S. Deadmond

801-***-**** (Mobile)
**** ***** *** ****
Orem, Utah 84057
adzgt9@r.postjobfree.com
http://www.linkedin.com/in/deadmond

Career Summary
Accomplished technical professional with experience writing highly technical documents for large and small companies. Extensive and progressive experience writing online and printed help, release notes, and white papers for end-user, administrator, and SDK audiences. Proficiency in MadCap Flare, RoboHelp, MS Office, and Acrobat. Experience writing in both waterfall and Agile environments.

Professional Experience
Accela – Draper, Utah 2021 - present
Senior Technical Writer (contract)
•Convert several Citizen Access and Civic Platform manuals from Oxygen to MadCap Flare, modifying and rewriting as necessary.
•Write and maintain user and admin guides for Accela Mobile.

LendingClub – Lehi, Utah Mar – Oct 2021
Senior Technical Writer
•Write procedures to drive smooth interactions between LendingClub associates and customers for several departments such as customer engagement, customer recovery, and operations.

Xactware, a Verisk Company – Lehi, Utah 2016 – 2021
Technical Writer
•Size development stories, write release notes and develop online help for stories on Agile scrum teams.
•Document stories as help articles in a user guide published via AWS.
•Determine content and capture images within established company style guide.
•Contribute to release notes and What's New documents for quarterly releases.
•Submit new documentation to translation vendor for localization and inclusion into help system.
•Create user personas to guide application development teams.
•Review Spanish translations from vendors for accuracy. Review completed Spanish translations of English strings.

Zions Bancorporation – Salt Lake City, Utah 2015 – 2016
Senior Technical Writer, Business Analyst
•Converted legacy documentation.
•Rewrote legacy documentation to fit current products.

ADP Advanced MD – South Jordan, Utah 2014 – 2015
Technical Writer
•Wrote end-user documentation for Practice Manager.
•Built and published online customer documentation in three formats (HTML, PDF, MS Word).

SolarWinds – Lehi, Utah 2013 – 2014
Intermediate Technical Writer (contract)
Wrote documentation for Deep Packet Inspector to be published via cloud web services.
Wrote documentation for Web Performance Monitor to be published via cloud web services.

Blue Coat Systems – Draper, UT 2012 – 2013
Senior Technical Writer
Created online and printed documentation for Content Analysis System and Management Center.
Maintained documentation for ProxyAV, ProxyClient, Reporter, and ProxySG.

Technical Writer
Attensity Corporation – Salt Lake City, Utah Mar – Oct 2012
Senior Technical Writer (contract)
Wrote documentation for Attensity Knowledge Engineering Workbench and Attensity a360 product lines.

Symantec Corporation – Lindon, Utah 2011 – 2012
Senior Technical Writer
Wrote documentation (user and installation guides, online help, and release notes) for help desk product.
Co-wrote Symantec Management Platform documentation for Mac, UNIX, and Linux.

Adaptive Computing – Provo, Utah 2010 – 2011
Senior Technical Writer
Led the single-sourcing documentation effort: imported existing documentation into Madcap Flare, optimized XML source, created conditions, variables, and outputs for each product, and trained the documentation team to follow this process.
Wrote documentation for administrator audience by gathering data and editing content from experts.

LANDesk Software – South Jordan, Utah 2003 – 2010
Technical Writer III
Wrote administrator and end-user documentation for server management and asset management software, including production work for localized versions in ten languages.
Interviewed subject matter experts, gathered data, coordinated technical reviews, and met project deadlines.
Contributed to content for several features of Management Suite.
Created high-level documents and white papers of assigned features for technical support.

PowerQuest Corporation – Orem, Utah 2001 – 2003
Senior Technical Writer
Co-authored end-user and SDK documentation for PartitionMagic 8 and DriveImage 2002.
Participated in contextual inquiry group: visited customers, debriefed other team members about their visits, created task lists, and created user personas for company products. Presented findings to senior management and earned the PowerPerformer award.
Assisted localization managers with documentation translation by providing word counts, percentages of changed doc (if leveraging previously written doc), and answering translator questions from vendors.

Intel Corporation – Riverton, Utah 2000 - 2001
Senior Technical Writer
Oversaw the work and workload of three junior writers by giving assignments, balancing workload, mentoring, and disseminating information from product team meetings and data center visits.
Wrote online help, the quick start guide, and release notes for management appliance product by gathering information through product specifications and subject-matter experts.

Novell/WordPerfect Corporation – Provo, Utah 1992 – 2000
Technical Writer, Senior Technical Writer
Managed documentation projects by representing documentation department at core team meetings, contributing to core team decisions, writing documentation plans and documentation sections of product and marketing requirements documents, and coordinating with localization, operations, customer support, and other writers (in multi-writer projects).
Wrote administrative and end-user online and printed (.pdf) software documentation as the sole writer or as part of a writing team.
Acted as managing editor for ZENWorks Cool Solutions online magazine by determining issue content, writing feature stories, Q & A articles, and tips or assigning content to subject-matter experts, and posting content to web site.
Co-authored online and printed documentation for UNIX and Windows GroupWise products.

Education and Training
Master of Public Administration, Brigham Young University, Provo, Utah, 1990 (emphases in Human Resources and Quantitative Analysis)
Bachelor of Arts (Spanish), Brigham Young University, Provo, Utah, 1988 (minors: Music, Psychology)

Selected professional development courses
LANDesk Asset Lifecycle Management • JavaScript • Introduction to XML • Beginning and Advanced HTML • Beginning Web Server Management • Intro to Computer Programming • Project Management

Computer skills
SnagIt • PhotoShop • WalkMe • Confluence • Jira • Madcap Flare • RoboHelp • Microsoft Office • Zendesk • Vasont 12/XMetaL • Dreamweaver CS5 • Confluence • FrameMaker • GitHub • Perforce • Subversion • UNIX/Linux administration • Visual SourceSafe • VMware Desktop • Working knowledge of SQL, CSS, jQuery, Angular, JavaScript and Visual Basic

Language skills
Speak, read, and write Spanish fluently

Inherent skills
Strong technical, quantitative, and organizational skills • Strong self-starting skills • Ability to get along with and work with a variety of people
Contact this candidate