William L. Walters
adzrrb@r.postjobfree.com (H) 256-***-**** (C) 256-***-****
EDUCATION:
B.A., English/Business and Technical Writing, University of Delaware, Newark, DE 1993
SECURITY CLEARANCE STATUS: Top Secret/SCI, Active
EXPERIENCE:
SUMMARY:
Senior Technical writer with approximately 20 years of experience managing diverse technical documentation. Focused on writing and editing Department of Defense (DoD), Information Technology (IT), and Aerospace documents. Created and maintained Configuration Item (CI) databases and financial budget spreadsheets. Worked with Subject Matter Experts (SMEs) to create and improve document creation, tracking, and approval process. With an eye to continuous improvement, conducted document standards training for Cruise Missile Defense Systems (CMDS) Administrative Assistants to improve formatting consistency within the organization.
GOAL: Looking for an opportunity to manage a team of technical writers and build a well-respected document creation group.
May 2018 to Present
Millennium Corporation, Huntsville, AL
Lead Technical Writer creating mission reports for the Threat Cyber Operations Team (TCOT) at the Threat Systems Management Office (TSMO). Also, managing two junior tech writers in an ever-expanding workload. Stood up the process for data collection and report writing to standardize and vastly improve the end product. Our team produces a professional product. Work with SMEs to collect mission data and then create standardized reports for different DoD agencies. This involves close coordination with planners, schedulers, and mission operators to meet a demanding schedule (many events going simultaneously).
October 2017 to May 2018
Colsa Corporation, Huntsville, AL
Technical Requirements Documentation Analyst that supported different product groups within the PEO Aviation Project Office through the review of key acquisition documentation for content, format, and adherence to program office standards. Wrote status reports, took meeting minutes, wrote a variety of memos and info papers in support of logistics, quality, and engineering. Worked with SMEs to create, format, and edit acquisition milestone documentation for military systems acquisition. Also, created and updated an acquisition documentation library to keep abreast of changing regulatory requirements for acquisition documentation. Compiled, wrote, and formatted quarterly status presentations for leadership.
March 2014 to October 2017
5 Stones Research Corporation, Huntsville, AL
Program Analyst/Technical Writer that supported different product groups within the Cruise Missile Defense Systems (CMDS) Project Office, through the review of key acquisition documentation for content, format, and adherence to the Program Executive Office, Missiles and Space (PEO MS) standards. Also, maintained an action item database (through SharePoint) for the Joint Land Attack Cruise Missile Defense Elevated Netted Sensor System (JLENS) Product Office (PO). Wrote status reports, took meeting minutes, wrote a variety of memos, and info papers in support of the JLENS, Sentinel (reports, status updates, IETM updates with Arbortext), Indirect Fire Protection Increment 2-I (IFPC Inc 2-I), and the Stinger Business Systems Project Offices. Supported various Project Office Logistics, Quality, and Engineering groups with documentation needs.
William L. Walters, Page 2
May 2013 to March 2014
Strongbridge Corporation, Huntsville, AL
Project Coordinator/Technical Writer for the Threat Systems Management Office (TSMO) Business Operations Department (BOD). Documented government contracts procedures and performed spreadsheet creation and manipulation for tracking purposes. Created speeches/briefings for General Staff Officers, as well as compiling, writing, and formatting quarterly status presentations for leadership. Worked with SMEs to create, format, and edit acquisition milestone documentation for military systems acquisition. Also, charged with creating and updating an acquisition documentation library to keep abreast of changing regulatory requirements for acquisition documentation.
August 2010 to March 2013
Computer Sciences Corporation (CSC) Financial Services Group, Irvine, TX
Lead Technical Writer (telecommute) for the EarlyResolution® Application Group, my position involved creating original technical documentation describing process, procedures, and customer-oriented information concerning the Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC). Wrote release notes and interacted with offshore developers to gather data through XML interface.
November 2008 to June 2010
Computer Sciences Corporation (CSC), Huntsville, AL
Lead Technical Writer for the Computer Network Operations (CNO) Team at the Army’s Threat Systems Management Office (TSMO). Interviewed SMEs and wrote procedures, training materials, and technical reports dealing with threat computer network operations/simulations validation and accreditation.
March 2006 to November 2008
Colsa Corporation, Huntsville, AL
Configuration Management (CM) Specialist for the Automated Rendezvous and Docking (AR&D) group, my responsibilities included: identification standardization, engineering release documentation, Implementation of change control procedures, creation of technical data management programs (creation of Technical Data Packages (TDPs) for flight hardware), and compiling datasheets on flight sensor development. Also, wrote scientific white papers and prepared presentations. Certified in configuration management through NDIA, December 2008.
March 2004 to March 2006
Science Applications International Corporation (SAIC), Huntsville, AL
Senior Technical Writer/Editor that wrote program updates from information obtained from Wide Area Network (WAN) Managers and their engineers for submission to NASA Management. The quarterly performance reports, which received consistently high marks, were the basis for program awards and eventual contract renewal. Significant accomplishments included writing/revising network engineering documentation, proposals, and Statements of Work (SOWs) in support of NASA’s Return to Flight (RTF) initiative. Also, maintained document archive on WAN SharePoint site.
Contact this candidate