ROMITA RAJ
***-**** ****** ** *******
Alberta, Canada

Tel: +1-587-***-**** Email: ac2ab3@r.postjobfree.com

SUMMARY OF QUALIFICATIONS

Two years’ experience in troubleshooting technical issues on several devices like Industry Standard Servers, desktops, laptops and alarm security panels after completing Information Security Management, with a strong IT background and a Bachelor’s degree in Computer Applications.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Hewlett Packard Enterprise, Bangalore, India
December 2015 – January 2017

Server Support Engineer – L1

Responsible for managing the TCE (Total Customer Experience) for a team of 20 persons as a Customer Relations Manager.
Reviewed individual cases and trained engineers to meet customer satisfaction.
Single point of contact for customers for enhancing customer experience and resolving issues with customer satisfaction.
Reported everyday team performance to the manager.
Created different team reports such:
-Daily case reports reflecting case age and last activity.
-Weekly report reflecting CSATs (customer satisfaction) received by team.
-Net promoter score (NPS) percentage of the team.
-Various other reports to reflect team performance.

Actively worked towards converting the Dis-sat and Mid-sat to CSATs.
Troubleshooting ProLiant and blade series of servers (ML/DL/BL) with Windows OS and resolving technical issues (hardware and software) for Enterprise customers (USA and Canada) for Industry Standard Servers and related products.
Assisting end users to avoid or reduce problem occurrences.
Responding to service, product, technical, and customer relations questions on subjects such as features, specifications, and repairs on current and discontinued products, parts, and options.
Identifies likely problem areas that require attention and articulated recommendations and explain resolutions to clients.
Documented users’ issue and resolutions using salesforce software.

Reliance Protectron Security Services, Canada
October 2012 - October 2013

Technical Support Executive

Receive calls, assist and troubleshoot with subscribers who are experiencing technical problems or concerns with their security system
Attempt to resolve of the technical problems for customer and schedule a service call if required.
Dispatch service calls to service technicians.
Put systems in test mode for new installations and 3rd party dealers
Provide technicians with test results assure that programming standards are respected
Modify zoning templates for service dispatch
Respond to TTM signals, provide solutions, call customers & send letters if necessary.
Responding to and forwarding comm. logs
Upload/download alarm security system panels for customer support
Create shell account for «Urgent» status Monitoring Accounts for installations that are done after business hours.
Enter data for system upgrades and new installations (updating zones, templates, panel types)
Create service tickets in respect to technical problems with specialized equipment.
Respond to and treat alarm signals when monitoring stations are facing an overflow of signals.
Advising and educating the user about the technical issues and solutions.

ACHIEVEMENTS

Received the most number of CSATs in the first month on the floor at HPE.
Maintained 90% TCE for my team in overall customer satisfaction.
Scored 90% to 100% in all the calls reviewed at Reliance Protectron.

SKILLS

Technical Skills

Good knowledge of security measures and OS hardening on Windows OS.
Troubleshooting servers, computers and networks.
Strong understanding of networking protocols like TCP/IP and HTTP.
Good Project Management skills.
Proficient with Microsoft Office.

General Skills

Excellent time management skills.
Team management skills.
Confident, responsible and reliable.
Can maintain calm and work under high pressure conditions.
Good organizational skills, leadership skills, willingness to learn, adaptability.
Strong written and oral communication skills.

EDUCATION

Fanshawe College of Applied Arts and Technology,
London, Ontario, Canada
January 2012-August 2012

Information Security Management
GPA - 3.76
3.7 GPA – 1st Semester
3.82 GPA – 2nd Semester
Covered Web Security, OS Security, CISSP, Project Management, Penetration Testing and Access Controls, Hacking and Exploits

University of Rajasthan, Jaipur, India
July 2008- July 2011

Bachelor of Computer Applications
Scored 75% in last two consecutive years and stood first in college.
Overall - 72%: Stood first in BCA in college.

Tagore Public School, Jaipur, India
March 2005-March 2008

Senior Secondary Certificate Examination (CBSE)
Scored 70.2%
Subjects included Informatics Practices, Physics, Chemistry, Biology and English.

Secondary School Examination (CBSE)
Scored 85%

PROFESSIONAL SKILLS ACQUIRED THROUGH EDUCATION

Projects

Completed practical in class projects of website creation and created web pages in PHP, HTML and Java Script
Successfully completed a group project as the Project Manager which consisted of making a complete security plan for a company.
Authored a much appreciated research paper and presented on the topic “Return Oriented Programming”
Completed a penetration testing report on a real network after scanning and testing

HOBBIES

Reading Fiction novels

PERSONAL INFORMATION

Languages known - English and Hindi
Contact this candidate