Luis P. Rodriguez Taboada
CELL 787-***-**** • E-MAIL ac53nu@r.postjobfree.com

PROFILE A senior level I.T. Professional with over 20 years of experience and deep knowledge of internet technology softwares and protocols, information security, as well as network, server and virtualization infrastructures.

EDUCATION Bachelor of Science in Computer Engineering (BSCpE)
University of Puerto Rico, Mayagüez Campus
1999

Juris Doctor (J.D.)
University of Puerto Rico Law School
2014

EXPERIENCE Smart Data Solutions, Inc. 2003 to Present
Carolina, Puerto Rico
Sr. IT Consultant / IT Manager

Founding senior member of a IT consulting firm focused on operating systems, server hardware, network systems, information security, storage area networks and server virtualization. I’m part of a team tasked with delivering leading edge IT infrastructure and security technologies to our customers.

I have designed and deployed several server virtualization solutions for our customers on VMWare, RedHat Virtualization and IBM PowerVM platforms.

My responsibilities include system administration, information security assesments and hardening, network and server infrastructure management and consulting services for some of the top companies in Puerto Rico including Claro, Evertec, Pfizer Pharmaceuticals, Medtronic and Puerto Rico Health Information Network.

Have vast experience executing performance tuning procedures at the hardware, OS and middleware layers as well as develop and implement task automation procedures.

Recent Projects:

2008
Deployed the Websphere and Weblogic app server infrastructure for the IPTV project of the largest internet provider in Puerto Rico. Was also responsible for the configuration of the RedHat Linux and AIX servers which would handle the IPTV customer accounts and channel TV guide.

2009 to 2010
Eliminated unsecure / plaintext utilities and services (telnet, ftp, etc.) from over 300 linux and unix servers and deployed or updated SSH to comply with the results of PCI and SOX IT audits. Participated in the evaluation of single signon alternatives (Vintela, Centryfy and others) for the linux/Unix environment. Developed an interim,script-based (ksh, bash and perl) solution for password management that could hadle the unix user accouns (SuSe, RHEL, AIX, Solaris) from a central linux server.

2010 to 2011
Participated in a massive billing system conversion project for the biggest landline and cellphone company in Puerto Rico supporting the software development server environment. Implemented and managed a SVN repository for development team and provided performance tuning and bechmarking using tools such as SilkPerfromer, Soap-UI, and Jmeter.

2012 to 2014
Managed the Data Center operation for the Puerto Rico Health Information Network (PRHIN). Converted the initial virtualized environment of 25 hosts from Linux KVM to Redhat Enterprise Linux and VMWare vSphere 5.5. Administered over 50 virtual Linux and Centos servers. Was in charge of systems security and hardening so as to comply with HIPAA requirements.

Designed and implemented an opensource solution for the exchange of patient data (Direct messaging) using Zimbra and the Direct Project Java Reference Implementation. In charge of the core network setup which included a FortiNet 3000D cluster setup and a FortiAnalyzer, an A10 loadbalancing cluster, a Juniper Core Switch with 4 top of the rack Juniper switches and a SAN centered upon an EMC VNX 7000 with 30TBs of SSD, 10k rpm scsi and 7,200rpm sata disks.

2014 to 2016
Worked with a team of DBA’s, Application admins, Windows, Linux, Solaris and AIX administrators to bring up to date the patch levels of over 800 physical and virtual servers for the main debit and creditcard transaction clearinghouse in the island as part of a PCI-DSS compliance project. Also, was tasked with assisting in the correction and/or mitigation of vulnerabilities in app servers, web server and operating systems related to configuration or security properties (not patches). Developed batch and perl scripts for the automation of patch tasks.

2016 to 2018
Managed and supervised the Technical Services Group (TSG) operation of the largest credit union technology provider in Puerto Rico. The TSG group is tasked with assisting both internal and external (Credit Unions) users’ needs as well as designing, installing and mantaining IT infrastrcture solutions .

Coordinated the conversion of over 40 of the company’s customers from T1 to MPLS circuits and the installation of new Fortigate Firewalls for security and site-to-site VPNs. Also, started an internal project to change our customer’s internal firewall setup from Cisco to FortiNet.

Quantum Business Engineering 2002 to 2003
San Juan, Puerto Rico
Systems Engineer

Worked for the Sun Microsystems (Oracle) Reseller Partner in Puerto Rico Installing, configuring, managing and troubleshooting SPARC and Intel server hardware as well as Solaris Operating System and its suite of applications for our customers whitin the island and the Caribbean, which included: Puerto Rico Telephone Company, Banco Popular de Puerto Rico, Movistar and University of Puerto Rico.

Keane Consulting 2001 to 2002
San Juan, Puerto Rico
I.T. Consultant

Hired as a Unix consultant by Keane, I was assigned full time to the PRTC-Verizon Wireless customer as part of the E-Business Department. I was responsible for the installation, setup, deployment and documentation of production systems. Maintenance and troubleshooting tasks were performed both on Unix and Windows environments. Deployed and administered both internal and external web-applications. Implemented security solutions for the company’s various internal and external web sites.

Metro Information Services, Inc. 2000 to 2001
San Juan, Puerto Rico
I.T. Consultant

Staffed as a Unix administrator for one of its clients (Puerto Rico Telephone Company) was part of PRTC’s e-Business team which was in charge of new e-commerce / internet initiatives. Mantained and supported various internet portals and platforms both for internal company use as external customer access.

Island Finance 1999 to 2000
San Juan, Puerto Rico
Systems Administrator

Managed the Microsoft Windows NT, HPUX server infrastructure as well as the company’s CheckPoint Firewalls. Provided assistance to the HP3000 / MPE system admins as well as the software programming team. Was part of the W2K compliance team making sure all systems where ready for the date event. Also, I supported the PC support staff when needed.

MCC Consultants 1998 to 1999
Mayaguez, Puerto Rico
System Validations Specialist

Wrote SOPs and validation documentations for computer hardware and software for various pharmaceutical clients.

Raytheon May 1998 to August 1998
Marlborough, Massachusetts
Internship

Worked in the evaluation of Java programming tools and IDEs for the development of a new radar system’s user interface.

SKILLS Operating Systems:
Unix (Solaris, IBM AIX, HP-UX), Linux (RedHat, Ubuntu, SuSe), Microsoft Windows Server(2003, 2008, 2012) and workstation flavors (XP, 7, 8, 8.1, 10), Apple MacOS.

Middleware / Backend technologies:
Tomcat, Websphere, WebLogic and Apache Web application servers.
Postfix, Zimbra, Microsoft Exchange and Scalix mail servers.
SNMP, DNS, LDAP, SSL/TLS Web certs and encryption.
PosgreSQL, MySQL, MariaDB databases
IPSEC and SSL VPNs

Data Center Infrastructure
Network switches, WiFi access points, routers, firewalls (Juniper, Cisco and FortiNet).
Fiber Channel, iSCSI SAN / NAS Storage (IBM, EMC).
Server Hardware (Dell, HP, Oracle SPARC, IBM P Series, Cisco).
Veritas Cluster, Veritas Backup, Veeam Backup, Amanda Backup.
Cloud technologies (IaaS, SaaS).

Virtualization
VMWare ESXi / vSphere, Linux KVM, IBM PowerVM.

Programming Languages
C, Perl, PHP, Unix Shell Programming (bash, ksh).

Information Security
Wireshark, Metasploit, Snort, Nessus, Nmap, Nagios.
PCIDSS, SOX, HIPAA.

TRAININGS VMWare Certified Professional 3.5 (VCP)
AND VMWare Sales Professional 5.5 (VSP)
CERTS VMWare vSphere Design Workshop [4.x]
Solaris 8 Sun Certified System Administrator (SCSA)
Solaris 8 Sun Certified Network Administrator (SCNA)
ISACA Certified Information Security Manager (CISM)
Redhat Certified Specialist in Virtualization (3.1)
CISSP *** (Exam passed on June 30th, 2018. Waiting for endorsement processing)
Contact this candidate