SANTOSH DHUMALE
O’Fallon, MO *****
Mobile: 314-***-**** ac5fni@r.postjobfree.com
Information Security, System (UNIX) and Network Administrator
Summary: Broad knowledge of hardware, software, Unix OS (Unix Solaris), Veritas volume manager/clusters and networking technologies to provide a powerful combination of analysis, implementation, and support. Experience in information security, system/network administration and engineering, hardware evaluation, project management, systems and network security, incident analysis and recovery.
Professional Experience
Client
Employer
duration
MASTERCARD, O'Fallon, MO
TechMahindra
March 2016 to till date
British Telecom (BT)
TechMahindra
May 2015 to January 2016
AT&T (USA and India)
TechMahindra
February 2008 to April 2015
Walchand Industries
Walchand Grp of Industries
May 2006 to Jan 2008
Swarajcomm Technologies
CMS Computers
FEB 2005 to April
E-seva (Govt of AP – India)
CMS Computers
June 2002 to Jan 2005

Highlights of IT Skillset
System Administration
Project Management
Productivity Improvement
Technical Support
Workflow Planning
Security Solutions
Systems Installation Configuration & Upgrading
NOS Patches &Updates
Database Design &
Management
Project Management
Training & Mentoring

Areas of Expertise
I Information Security
Hardware Security Modules (HSMs) Solo XC, netHSM 6000, Payshields 900
CA Control Minder, PMDB, Access MC
RSA Archer Threat Management
IBM Guardium
Tripwire
Risk Assessment / Impact Analysis
IBM Security Access Manager
Identity Management
Encryption Key Management Systems
IBM GMC (Global Service Manager)
Policy Planning / Implementation
Automation (Shell Scripting)
CyberArk.
Team and Project Leadership
Technical Specifications Development
Technology Wintel, Linux, Desktop Security, Laptop Security (NetHSm, Guardium, Carbon Black, Archer, Acx), Firewalls (Pix and checkpoints)
II System Administration
Solaris (7, 8, 9, 10) System Administration (L3 Support)
Red hat Linux (6 and 7), CENTOS, Ubuntu Administration
VERITAS Volume Manager (VxVM)
Veritas Cluster Server 5.0, 5.1, 6.0
Logical Domains (LDOMS)
Oracle Solaris Zones and Linux Containers
Virtualization & Cloud Technologies
Apache Web server.
Shell Scripting
Data Integrity / Disaster Recovery
BMC remedy for Incident Management, Change Management.
Storage Administration
Net Backups
PIX, Checkpoint and SonicWALL
Education & Certifications
Masters in Computer science from Swami Ramanand Teerth Marathwada University, Nanded. (Maharashtra) INDIA.
Sun Solaris System Administration (SCSA Part I &II).
Symantec Cluster server 6.1 for Unix Administrator Certified-250_254.
ITIL Foundation V3
Redhat Linux 7 Certified - RHCSA and RHCE. Certificate Number - 150-180-768.
AWS certified solutions architect - Associate
PROJECT and Experience Details
I.MASTERCARD, O'Fallon, MO 02/2016 : Present
Employer : TechMahindra Americas
Information Security Analyst
Identity and Access Control Provisioning through CA and Oracle identity manager.
Create and manage CA Control Minder PMDB across all UNIX servers. Installing, Configuring, Troubleshooting, Maintaining Control Minder UNIX Access Control on UNIX servers.
Installing, Configuring, Troubleshooting, Maintaining Control Minder UNIX Access Control on UNIX servers.
Deployment, Installation, Administration of a User Identity management tool called CyberArk.
Installing, Configuring, Troubleshooting, and maintaining nCipher netHSM (Hardware Security Module) on multiple servers.
Installing, Configuring, Troubleshooting, and Maintaining nCipher software clients on multiple UNIX and Windows servers used for encryption functions for web applications.
Create, modify and delete user and group accounts in Active Directory, Tandem, Mainframe, UNIX and Oracle Databases. Creating alias, adding and modifying the dataset rules for the user in mainframe.
Implemented security patches for products, appliances, and platforms under the responsibility of information security.
Automated tasks using shell scripting to minimize the manual intervention.
Perform firmware Upgrades on netHSM (Hardware Security Modules), Bluecoat and Guardium Appliances.
Creating alias, adding and modifying the dataset rules for the user in mainframe.
Quarterly security patches for applications, appliances, and platforms under the responsibility of information security on RHEL/Solaris/AIX/SUSE/ Wintel Linux server including Operating System Patching
Support RSA authentication and administering the software component of the SecureID solution. Prepared the Operational Procedure documentation for all the support issues.
RSA GRC Archer Platform Administrator (Governance, Risk and Compliance)
Bluecoat Support for web filtering and XML gateway support for Layer 7 application security. Tripwire and Guardium support to improve data security.
Identified and scan for vulnerabilities on Unix Systems, Network devices, Security devices etc. using Nessus Scanners. Analysis of UNIX vulnerabilities and identifying solutions.
Monitoring and Logging Bandwidth Utilization of the Juniper Firewall and McAfee. Collect and analyze the logs using RSA Envision.
Written advanced bash shell scripts to automate installations, scripts to gather versions of various applications, Unix Access provisioning /Auditing and Performance /memory utilization data gathering from 1000’s of Unix end points
Root Cause Analysis of Productions issues.
Document procedures, Issues and Problem tickets and resolutions.
Provide 24/7 L3 On-Call for one week every once in a month.(On-call Cycle )

II.BRITISH TELECOM - VDC Migration (Pune- India) 05/2015 – January 2016
Employer : TechMahindra Americas and India
Complete ownership of Service management for two of the major technology areas for this account – 1) Migration to VDC 2) Migration to Cloud
Reporting Structure: 2 Project Manager and two projects teams (Network support and IMS (DBA, Support and Programmer)) of around 45 FTEs each.
End to end IT Service Delivery responsibilities from Project Managers perspective.
Stringent control & Proficient Delivery with daily operations in harmony with Customer and TechM expectations, processes and policies.
Handled various Internal Audits like CMMI and ISO Security Audits etc.
Create and maintain an internal IT Service Continuity risk register, tracking risks, actions owners which shall be presented to CUSTOMER at least every month.
Confirming DR drills are conducted as per schedule defined by Internal Security team.
Interacting with RMG on mobilizing resources for the project.
Actively involved in interview as panel.
Daily calls with the team on gathering updates on the tasks they are allocated.
Interacting with the client as per the delivery requirement.
Sending Weekly Dashboard to the management on giving holistic view on the weekly highlights/lowlights.
Reviewing the solutions/proposals from delivery perspective.
Conducting Project Review meeting with Project Managers
Review of billable headcount periodically and tracking financial every month.
Develop Refined RCA process to provide better clarity on issue cause and long term resolution.
Tracking the issues & Risks identified by Project Managers/ Project Team.

III.AT&T PUNE-INDIA February 2008 - December 2010
AT&T ATLANTA –GA December 2010 - January 2012
AT&T PUNE-INDIA February 2012 – May 2015
Employer : TechMahindra Americas and India
Administration of Sun Solaris 8, 9 & 10, IBM-AIX and HP-UX servers running on Middleware architecture.
Analysis, Configuring, Troubleshooting of Sun Servers (i.e. Sun Fire E15K, E25K, V880, v440, E240, E6900, Ultra 5/10 servers and T series servers)
Expert in VERITAS Cluster System, VERITAS Volume Manager,SVM, and Solaris Cluster System
Having extensive knowledge on LDOMS,ZONES and Virtualization concepts
Handling Server Alerts, tickets & Change Requests (Vantive – CRM/Remedy)
Patch, Packages Installation, Disk and File system Management and firmware up gradation (includes SC firmware).
Handling decomm project for BellSouth.
Knowledge on SAN and EMC (Symmetric/Clarion), Power path and Net app shared storage technologies
Server Upgrade with any scenario (Live upgrade /Jump start/Flash)
File system, Device & Services Management (NFS, Mail Server etc.)
Having knowledge on BMC petrol TNG and HP suite monitoring for applications
Involved in the implementation of SAN using SUN Servers, Fiber Channel switches, Fiber Channel host adapters, Storage devices
Working knowledge on Entrust and Sudo to use and control the user access
Responsible for creation and Implementation of CMWO (Change Management Work Order) which includes changes done On Production, Test, Development and Pre-Production servers as per AT&T norms.
Having knowledge on SAP securities and Basis user control
Making the documentation for Disaster recovery working with DR Team

IV.Walchandnagar Industries Ltd, Group of Walchand Industries Baramati/Pune. May 2006 – Jan 2008.
Administration of Sun Servers like Enterprise level E250, E450, and
Sun Fire V890,V490 and Workstations like Sun Ultra 5, 10 Sun Blade 100,150
Maintenance of Samba Server on Solaris Linux Windows. Recognizing File access problems on Unix Box (Solaris and Linux).
Monitoring systems and network performance.
Administrating Network services like NFS, FTP, rlogin etc.
Scheduled various regular, periodic, futures, queue tasks by using crontab, at.
Managing users and mail server related problems on Fedora.
Adding Packages According to the requirement.
Software and hardware upgrades, patches, Packages installation.
Worked on Veritas Volume manager and implementation of RAID levels.
Implementation of Network (Sites) using 64 kbps leased line and ISDN Lines.
Commissioning, Maintenance and Troubleshooting of Leased and ISDN Lines.
Installation and Configuration of Sun Solaris, Linux, windows 9x, NT, windows 2000 Professional and windows 2000 advanced server.

V.SWARAJCOMM TECHNOLOGY PVT LTD, HYDERABAD. FEB 2005- April 2006.
Installation and configuration of all kinds of UNIX based customized solutions Like Dial in / dial out server, VPN server, Mail server, Apache Server, DNS server, proxy server etc.
Troubleshooting all kinds’ service related problems such as POP3, SMTP, telnet, FTP, named etc.
Installation and configuration of customized firewall, Apache, DNS, NFS, squid and samba server according to customers’ needs with Linux.
Installation of Linux and Solaris, windows O.S.
Installation and Configuration of windows 9x, NT, windows 2000 Professional and windows 2000 advanced server, Sun Solaris.
Implementation of Network (Sites) using 64 kbps leased line.
Commissioning, Maintenance and Troubleshooting of Leased and ISDN Lines.
Implementation of VPN for Different clients.
Installation and Configuration of Sonic Firewall.

VI.CMS COMPUTERS LTD, Hyderabad. June 2002 to Jan 2005.
Installation configuration and troubleshooting systems, High speed leased line modems (HTU E1), Routers and switches.
Commissioning, Maintenance and Troubleshooting of Leased and ISDN Lines.
Install a WAN Network setup Compromising of 1600, 1700, 2500, 3700 Series Routers on both the Offices (Branch and Data Center), work with 64 KBPS leased line and modems.
Maintenance of offline server running on Solaris using Apache server.
Installation and Configuration of windows 9x, NT, windows 2000 Professional and windows 2000 advanced server, Sun Solaris 8.
Implementing entire Network on TCP/IP with Multiple subnets and improving the Performance of Network.
Planning and Implementation of VPN. (Site-to-Site and Remote Clients).
Voice over IP: some out location officials can talk to each other over the data line. For this we have configured the 1750 and 3660 Router.
Implementing RIAD Level 5 for the fault tolerance and performance Enhancement of the Windows Server servers.
Maintenance and administration of District e-seva office (Remote Branch Offices).
Implementing of structural cabling in star topologies using cat-5 cable.
Configuring systems for Network Printing.
Contact this candidate