Profile
Results-driven IT professional skilled in information assurance, cloud-based solutions, and technical project management. Producer of data-driven solutions to complex IT problems through troubleshooting issues and identifying root causes. Composer of clear and concise technical documentation with a strong track record of implementing new procedures and technologies to strengthen security posture, enhance operational efficiency, and control costs.
Education
SOUTHERN NEW HAMPSHIRE UNIVERSITY – Manchester, NH
M.S. Information Systems – Specialization: Information Security
LUCENT TECHNOLOGIES – Alpharetta, GA
Project Management Certification
GEORGIA INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY – Atlanta, GA
B.S. Electrical Engineering,– Specialization Telecommunications and Digital Signal Processing
MOREHOUSE COLLEGE – Atlanta, GA
B.S. Mathematics

Skills Summary
Network Security
Risk Management
Cloud-based Services
Security Compliance
Data Encryption
Asset Management
PUAs/PUPs Prevention & Removal
Data Tracking

Professional Experience
SYSTEMS ANALYST– CARINGWORKS, INC. – DECEMBER 2014 TO PRESENT
Management of agency special projects.
oManaged the design and implementation of a lone worker security program.
Conducted surveys to acquire requirements from stakeholders.
Selected most cost-effective software package that fulfilled the requirements.
Created policies and procedures to serve as framework for implementation of protocol.
Implemented pilot project to test the efficacy of the protocol.
oManaged the secure migration of the agency from client/server environment to Google Hosted Apps cloud-based environment.
oManage the secure migration of the agency’s data from one HMIS to another.
Manage day-to-day network operations including serving as principle manager of cybersecurity.
oProvide IT support for the eighty-one full and part-time employees.
Perform notebook, desktop, and tablet computer repair.
Resolve network connectivity issues.
Provision and re-provison notebooks and computers.
oServe as principle information sceurity manager.
Ensure protection of confidential client and agency proprietary data.
Ensure malware protection of agency assets.
Implemented Watchguard Firewall protection for Hope House facility.
Deployed Bitdefender Internet Security for desktop/notebook computers.
Manage IT consultant for larger projects.
Perform removal of PUPs/PUAs as needed.
Implement threat mitigation techiques for identified vulnerabilities.
Serve as the agency systems administrator for new and existing employees.
oEnsure staff compliance of industry-standard IT best practices and cybersecurity.
oServe as agency administrator for the Homeless Management Information System (HMIS).
SYSTEMS ANALYST – CARINGWORKS, INC. – OCTOBER 2010 TO DECEMBER 2014
Built, maintained and provided security for the wireless network at the corporate headquarters..
oEnacted network security best-practices to ensure the protection of client confidential data.
oConvinced senior management of the importance and efficacy of 128-bit wireless encryption over their use of the WEP protocol.
oPerform the repair of damaged desktop and notebook computers.
oManaged the migration from Cbeyond as a service provider to Comcast Business.
Included integration of wired and wireless networks.
Retrofitting of older machines with next-gen wireless capability.
Upgrading the firewall and malware protection to industry-leading software and hardware standards.
IT PROFESSIONAL – IMANI FOUNDATION, INC. – JULY 2007 TO OCTOBER 2010
Designed and deployed a secure wireless network at agency’s main office.
Provided secure network in the existing client/server environment.
Identified and eliminated external threats.
Educated senior management and staff on the importance of network security while achieving adequate buy-in to deploy a robust risk management strategy.
Created system queries to allow the generation of ad-hoc reports for senior management.

PROJECT MANAGEMENT – LUCENT TECHNOLOGIES – DECEMBER 1998 TO JULY 2003
Project managed the Engineering, Furnishing, and Installation portions of Transmission and CLEC projects in both remote and Central Office environments for the BellSouth Customer in the state of Louisiana.
Supervised Engineering and Installation teams using motivation techniques with minimal leverage over their performance.
Interacted directly with the Customer in negotiating project costs and intervals.
Increased on-time job completion rate by 15%.
Doubled revenue intake over a 6-month period.
Provided on-time job completion analysis to Executives for review.
Served as team lead for weekly conference call with BellSouth Directors and Network Vice President.

Additional Skills/Proficiencies
Wireshark
VMware
MS Visio

MS Project
Asana
MS Office (Word, Excel, Access Powerpoint)
Contact this candidate