Prithviram R. Thularam
Marlboro, New Jersey ***** 732-***-****
ac6vyf@r.postjobfree.com
Globally Operating HR Director
HR professional with 20+ years of success effectively managing internationally operating companies
Experience providing organizational direction to advance company vision and meet business objectives. Proven success in cost management and efficient business practices with a passion for instilling positive and productive mindsets in company employees. Recent period away from fulltime work to advance personal education with a renewed passion for global HR operations and organizational management.
Highlights of Expertise
HR Departmental Management
International Communications & Global Operations
Federal & International Legal Compliance
Benefits Packages & Payroll
Technical Services Management
Regional HR Direction
Talent Acquisition
Fortune 500 Client Partnerships
Information Security
Recruitment & Retention

Education & Credentials
Master of Science in Organizational Behavior, 2014
New York University, New York City, New York
Senior Management Program, 2010
Indian Institute of Management (IIM), Calcutta, India
Master of Labor Management (MLM), 1996
University of Madras, Chennai, India
Bachelor of Arts in Sociology, 1994
University of Madras, Chennai, India
Professional Development Certifications
SHRM–SCP, 2016
SPHR, 2011
ISO 27001:2013 Lead Implementer Course, (2015)

Career Experience
Servion Global Solutions Inc., Princeton, New Jersey
Oversaw Human Resources operations for globally operating $100M corporation with a focus on North America region of United States, Canada, and Mexico.
DIRECTOR OF HUMAN RESOURCES, NORTH AMERICA (March 2016 to June 2018)
Conducted long-term projects as well as daily HR tasks, including payroll, talent acquisition, performance management, learning and development, labor law compliance at federal and state level, compensation benefits, and information security.
Coordinated long-term HR strategies with directors of other departments, continuously working towards common goal of company growth and meeting objectives.
Communicated with CHRO on departmental needs and strategies and offering progress reports.
Increased reported employee satisfaction levels by 15% in this position.
Supervised and trained two executive employees in HR operations and talent acquisition, ensuring team productivity, updated all hiring and orientation procedures for an effective onboarding experience.
Instituted communication lines between U.S. and U.K. branches through creation of HR Shared Service Center.
Completed two performance management cycles, streamlining performance review process with implementation of new scorecards for managers.
Ensured state, national, and international compliance in HR policies and processes, including visa compliance and greed card work programs.
Managed benefit packages and successfully reduced benefits cost by 25% in two consecutive years.
Formulated new HR programs and processes, including standardizing departmental hierarchy, career paths, and employee progression and modernizing career development programs.
Obtained required certifications for proper implementation of new information security management system.
Organized immigration program for international hires and updated local recruiting efforts.
Secova Services Inc., Wall, New Jersey & Chennai, India
Implemented growth initiatives to expand Secova Services and eServices HR departmental operations, directing departmental operations in U.S. and India.
HUMAN RESOURCES MANAGER (September 2013 to September 2015)
Specialized in offering HR counsel and direction to organizations located primarily in the U.S.
Organized process to obtain certification for ISO 27001:2013 Information Security Management System.
Oversaw period of growth through successful communication with large corporations to negotiate enhanced staffing contracts.
Managed hiring process for 250 contingent staff, allowing organization to meet business objectives, collaborating with Fortune 500 companies to streamline hiring process on large scale projects at short notice.
Coordinated large quantities of call center employees, including benefits packages, on-demand projects, performance assessments, and paper-to-digital migration techniques.
Installed best practices and code of conduct for employees to mitigate employee problems and dissatisfaction.
Conducted ethical termination practices, communicating needs, benefits, and expectation throughout termination process and ensured compliance with legal procedures and eliminated company liability.
HEAD OF HUMAN RESOURCES, CHENNAI, INDIA (August 2009 to November 2010)
Communicated with Co-Founder and CTO to ensure productive HR operations in this leadership board role.
Standardized HR processes, developed relationships with other departments to improve employee relations.
Managed 200+ full-time employees and ensured positive experiences and engagement, in turn, decreasing attrition by 10% and increasing employee referral recruitment by 75%.
Communicated with CEO to ensure company values and objectives were reached.
Strengthened support for “Quality & Process Excellence” initiative and initiated use of modernized technologies to track employee performance in alignment with company objectives.
Tephra, Inc., Woodbridge, New Jersey
Directed IT staffing initiatives with a focus in providing growth to Fortune 1000 companies.
BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT MANAGER (March 2011 to December 2011)
Partnered with clients to reach objectives and complete company achievements.
Obtained three new partnerships, totaling $300K potential annual earnings.
Assembled and trained a high-performing team of six recruitment specialists, enabling successful achievement of corporate goals.
Conducted customer support services and assured contracts met target revenue standards, created HR Advisory Service to ensure contracts and rates complied with company standards.
Initiated new relationships with clients, reviving dormant accounts and upgrading status to include exclusive partnerships, with earnings totaling over $1M in value.
Maples ESM Technologies Private Limited, Chennai, India
Directed leadership team, strategic planning, and operations for HR Department of IT staffing company.
GENERAL MANAGER, HUMAN RESOURCES (August 2008 to July 2009)
Supervised 12-person team of HR and IT professionals, including all hiring and management processes.
Implemented recession recovery techniques including initiating KRA linked variable pay, employee referral processes, and performance incentives, successfully maintaining revenue.
Standardized grade and banding structure and employee career paths.
Cybernet Slashsupport Corporations Private Limited, Chennai, India
Oversaw daily HR activities including increasing engagement, retention, and development for 1,100 company employees in U.S. and India offices.
SENIOR MANAGER, HUMAN RESOURCES (April 2007 to July 2008)
Maintained productive and positive company environment through innovative approach to employee performance management and career development.
Managed software development COE, including software validation and testing.
Directed a major system restructure for entire organization that enabled 33% headcount reduction and 47% salary cost reduction, but allowed for 30% associates.
Coordinated reverse merger and creation of group integration of multiple HRIS systems into Global HRIS.
Hindustan Petroleum Corporation Limited, Chennai, India
Directed legal activities, benefits and associations, and daily HR tasks for three unique HR Departments in different states.
DEPUTY MANAGER, HUMAN RESOURCES (May 1997 to April 2007)
Maintained productive environment through effective management of Employee Relations and Corporate Social Responsibility initiatives.
Completed data migration project from legacy system to ERP utilizing Learning and Development modules.
Innovated training programs called “Project Utsah,” supporting over 2,000 employees and obtaining ASTD Top 20 organizational training award.
Saved more than 1 Million USD through 100% success rate in labor related legal cases.
Contact this candidate