HARISANKAR C R
A***, Shri Kubhera Parivar Apartments, Near Sankara College Saravanampatty, Coimbatore, Tamil Nadu. Pin: 641035
Mob:+91-973******* Email : ac7jpr@r.postjobfree.com

CAREER OBECTIVE
Looking for a key position in IT security field to deliver best, and to prove to be an asset of the organization and to emerge as a successful leader with hard work, dedication, high motivation, dynamism and integrity.

TECHNICAL EXPERTISE
Security Tools:
RSA Authentication Manager, RSA SecurID, RSA certificate Manager, Symantec PGP,Two factor authentication,Mcafee Antivirus, Certificate Authority,PKI
Ticketing Tools:
BMC Remedy, Service center, HP Service Manager
Operating Systems:
Windows 10, Windows 8, windows 7, Windows2003 server, 2008 Server

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Company: Cognizant Technology Solutions
Designation: Associate
Duration: January 2017 to till date
1.RSA SecurID Authentication Manager (Two-factor Authentication):

Working as part of the Security team under IAM module.
Supporting for the Pilot phase RSA multi factor authentication deployment project.
Implementation and operational support RSA Authentication Manager 8.1, 8.2 and 7.1, Quick Admin, Deployment Manager.
Operational support and availability of the RSA servers (Primary and Replicas).
Working on Incident and service request for end user on RSA issues.
Upgrade RSA authentication manager from 8.1 to 8.2
Managing & Administrating RSA Security console for VPN user and provide two factor authentications.
Configuration & Troubleshooting of RSA SecurlD Authentication Manager version 7.1 & 8.x and RSA SecurlD Appliance version 2.0 & 3.0
Configuring RSA agent in authentication Manager.
Analysis system logs for RSA related issues.
Mapping RSA authentication manager with RSA local database and Active Directory 2003/2008 integration with RSA server.
Level 3 RSA Authentication Manager Support.
Uploading RSA SecurID Token files onto the RSA server.
Updating latest patches on RSA server
Creating and updating SOP, Run book for the project support.
Assigning privileges to helpdesk and generating monthly reports for the token allocations
Creating and managing user accounts in RSA Server and granting VPN access using RSA SecurID tokens. Providing Admin privileges and Authentication monitoring.
Good troubleshooting knowledge on VPN connectivity issues/errors using RSA SecurID tokens.
Training & Mentoring New Team Member.

2RSA Adaptive Authentication:
Supporting Pilot user issues related to RSA adaptive authentication for new Multi-layer authentication.
Setting up user profiles for Risk based authentication using RSA adaptive authentication
Troubleshoot on issues related to Risk based authentication or Multi-layer authentication for end-users

Company: Atos IT services PVT LTD (formerly Xerox ITO services)
Designation: Senior Systems Analyst-Information Security
Duration: March 2014 to January 2017

1. RSA SecurID Authentication Manager (Two-factor Authentication):

Implementation and operational support RSA Authentication Manager 8.1, 8.2 and 7.1, Quick Admin, Deployment Manager.
Creating Security policy in Security Console for RSA authentication deployment.
Managing primary and replica server operation from RSA operation console.
Configuring and Troubleshooting Radius Component with RSA Authentication Manager.
Upgrade RSA authentication manager from 8.1 to 8.2
Managing & Administrating RSA console for VPN user and provide two factor authentications(2FA).
Configuration & Troubleshooting of RSA Authentication Manager version 7.1 & 8.x and RSA SecurlD Appliance version 2.0 & 3.0
Configuring RSA agent in authentication Manager.
Hands-on experience in handling Severity ticket related to RSA servers.
Mapping RSA authentication manager with RSA local database and Active Directory 2003/2008 integration with RSA server.
Operational support and availability of the RSA servers (Primary and Replicas).
Level 3 RSA authentication Manager support.
Uploading RSA SecurID Token files onto the RSA server.
Creating and managing user accounts in RSA Server and granting VPN access using RSA SecurID tokens. Providing Admin privileges and Authentication monitoring.
Good troubleshooting knowledge on VPN connectivity issues/errors using RSA SecurID tokens.
Managing multi factor authentication(MFA) solution under Encryption and data protection team
Training & Mentoring New Team Member.

2.RSA Certificate Manager:

Knowledge on RSA certificate manager on signing and issuing certificate based on client requirement.
Integration and configuring new jurisdictions for new implementation as per client requirement.
Generating various reports from RSA certificate Manager.
Integration of certificate type authentication with different devices.
Implementation of RSA certificate manager 6.9 and integration AEP.

3.PGP (Pretty Good Privacy) Encryption:
Includes installation, encrypting and up gradation of any corporate issued desktops and laptops.
All operations done either by GUI or PGP Command Lines. Few important and often performed operations include, encrypting a HDD or it’s a partition, generating/creating a new Whole Disk Recovery Token (WDRT) for that machine, decrypting the device or a particular partition, editing computer registry values on PGP stamp.
Perform operations on PGP keys (Public and Private both) like: importing or exporting private or public keys between the client devices to server or vice-versa. Get them synchronize from both the ends (client – server).

Company: Adecco India Pvt. ltd
Designation: System Engineer
Client: Dell India – (deputed at Honeywell Technology solutions)
Duration: November 2012 to February 2014

Working as part of the IT Compliance team and managing IT Security
Monitoring the network for suspicious activity using various tools splunk
Incident Handling, tracking and responding to all incidents of network attacks
Reviewing Security logs on end user machines and analyzing root cause
Performing Internal audits to ensure IT Compliance
Scanning the network for unapproved software’s and data’s
Analyzing user’s browsing activities through Splunk tool and Mandiant
Ensuring all lab\Production machines are up to date with respect to windows patches and McAfee updates.
Working closely with other SOC/CIRT teams across Asia pacific.
Installing and Troubleshooting McAfee 8.8, ePO 4.5
Scanning the network for Free ware’s, Non standard software’s and open shares
Handling escalations from the L1 team for Security related issues

CERTIFIED COURSES

IBM Mainframe from ProEd Training Pvt Ltd,Bangalore.

EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATIONS

Completed Bachelor of Technology in Computer Science and Engineering from Mahatma Gandhi University at Mount Zion College of Engineering in 2010.
12th from Bharathiya Vidya Mandir, Vellore in 2006.
10th from Bharathiya Vidya Mandir, Vellore in 2004.

INTERESTS AND ACTIVITIES

Interested in listening to music, watching television and playing cricket.

Learning Skills
I have a high capacity for learning, pick up new skills and ideas quickly, and generally thrive on challenges.
Interpersonal Skills
Friendly, positive attitude and a team player.

PERSONAL DETAILS

Full Name : Harisankar C R
Date of birth : 09/05/1988
Gender : Male
Nationality : Indian
Languages known : English, Hindi, Malayalam

DECLARATION
I hereby declare that all the information’s produced above are true to the best of my knowledge.

Date:
Place: Signature
Contact this candidate