PREETI IYER, MBA
Mobile: 647-***-****

E-mail: ac7kzc@r.postjobfree.com

LinkedIn: www.linkedin.com/in/preeti-iyer2018

Location: M6A 0C4, Toronto

PROFILE

I am an enthusiastic Information Systems Business Analysis student seeking a position to leverage my 10 years of experience in business consulting.

EDUCATION

George Brown College

Information Systems Business

Analysis

January – (Expected) December 2018
GPA – 3.83 / 4.0 – Aggregate semester I and II

Symbiosis International University

MBA- IT – Specialization (E-Business

&IT Strategies) 2003-2005
GPA – 7.1/10.0

PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS

GEORGE BROWN COLLEGE
JAN 2018 - JUN 2018

SKILLS AND TOOLS

Requirement Analysis
Business Analysis
Internal Audits – ITIL, ISO, CMMi.
Project Planning and Tracking
Risk Management (Identification and Tracking)
Process Analysis
Data Analysis
Visual Modelling
MS Visio
MS Project
SQL
MS Office - Excel, Word, PowerPoint, Access
Agile Methodology / SDLC
SharePoint
Balsamiq
JIRA

Prepared Use Case Diagram's, BPMN diagram - current state and future state diagram, business context diagram, High Level requirements for a Case Study of 'e - Signature Account opening process for a Wealth Management Division of TD Canada Trust Bank.
Conducted Root Cause Analysis to understand the problem and accordingly created Use Case Diagrams, Elicitated requirements from the stakeholder to create the new UI wireframe required for the E - Signature Case study.
Conducted the following for improving an internal project in GBC
1.Requirements elicitation workshop
2.Future state and current state analysis
3.SWOT Analysis
4.Trend analysis
Performed Card Sorting and Conducted Survey’s for ICICI Bank – Canada website improvement.
Prepared Persona’s and created Balsamiq mock website for ICICI Bank – Canada for effective business.

CAREER HIGHLIGHTS

ASSOCIATE QUALITY MANAGER WITH ATOS INDIA PVT LTD. (2010 – 2016)

Implemented industry standards like ISO 27001 (Information Security), CMMi L3 and CMMi L5 Process Area's for development projects (SDLC / Agile) and ITIL processes in Atos to ensure process compliance statistically to ensure effective planning and execution.
Assisted the PM (Project Manager) to identify and track risks on on-going basis for Development projects and provided recommendations for timely mitigation.
Imparted Process Training's (Organization & Project specific Processes) to employees on bi - monthly basis for process awareness and adherence.
Quality Team Lead to establish and streamline processes for BI Project of 100 members, by analyzing process gaps and fixing them.
Assisted in Development and establishment of Metrics based on Organization Goals provided by senior management to achieve internal goals through data analysis.
Implemented corrective actions to avoid recurrence of the defects by developing recommendations through CAR (Causal Analysis and Resolutions) meetings by identifying Root Causes of the Problem and minimizing the impact.
Assisted to set project level targets for the pre defined measurements metrics based on the project requirements and
measurement guidelines to monitor project performance KPI's milestone wise.
Lead a team of about 3 members in implementing process in Atos for different projects.

SENIOR SUBJECT MATTER EXPERT – QUALITY WITH AMDOCS INDIA (2008 -2010 )

Skilfully implemented SDLC / Agile Quality processes for multi sites projects like Sprint and Bell Canada, TELUS and T-Mobile and improved client satisfaction score from 7 to 8.5.
Collated & analysed major metrics for the projects and KPI's and performed data analysis to understand the outliers and initiated necessary closure actions.
Involved in defect analysis by performing the root cause of problems and reduced defect in development phase by 10%.
Tracked and monitored the project risks along with the PM periodically by quantifying risks.
Suggested proactively the actions to minimize impact of project risks.
Awarded a bonus of 'Best Performer' amongst the team of SQA's for understanding and implementing processes in various projects within period of 3 months from joining.

SENIOR EXECUTIVE – QAG WITH FUJITSU CONSULTING INDIA LTD. (2007 - 2008 )
Assisted in conducting various external standard audits such as ISO 9001:2000 & ISO27001:2005 (Information Security), ITIL and SAS - 70 Type 1 and Type 2 certification for SOX compliance.
Imparted training on ISO, CMMi, and SAS 70 in the Quality Induction Program
Monitored the overall planning and execution of ERP processes (SAP and Oracle), to ensure client satisfaction.
Identified improvement areas, process and data gaps and implemented adequate solutions to achieve client rating of 8/10.

EXECUTIVE – BPM (BUSINESS PROCESS MANAGEMENT) WITH APTARA INDIA (2005 - 2007)
Conducted Internal Audits and prepare reports & implementing ISO 9001:2000 in July'06 for e - Learning division and Software Development division to ensure process compliance
Awarded ‘Certified Internal Auditor’ certificate after completion of the Internal Audit training.
Created process flows and documenting the below using Excel and Visio diagrams:.
1.Processes of the Software development division including the Organization Process Manual.
2.Processes of the e - Learning division including the Organization Process Manual.

PART TIME JOBS

Presently, working part time as Peer Note Taker and Peer Tutor for students with disabilities at George Brown College – Sep2018.
Peer Tutor for subjects like (Maths, Business Communication, and English) for George Brown Graduation Students. May-Aug 2018
Peer Note taker for a student with disabilities at George Brown College. - Jan - Apr 2018

Passionate to learn languages, fluent in English, Hindi, Gujarati, Marathi, Tamil and Japanese (basic)
Contact this candidate