Email : ac7unc@r.postjobfree.com, Contact No:# +966-**-***-****
Mohammed Masood Siddiqui
Olaya Thalateen, Riyadh 5519 Kingdom of Saudi Arabia Cell : +966-**-***-**** – Email: ac7unc@r.postjobfree.com Linkedin: https://www.linkedin.com/pub/mohammed-masood/29/896/46b IT professional with vast knowledge of Enterprise Project Lifecycle methodology, Network engineering expert with strong background in project management and product support. Primary Responsibilities:
Provide Business and IT management with guidance on IT risk management matters, particularly on application and infrastructure security.
Responsible for developing and maintaining the IT Risk Assessment at the Group Level under the oversight of the Group Director, including identifying areas where business units should consider additional investment and areas internal audit should focus.
Conduct audits or lead audit teams in performance of IT audits and reviews of systems, applications and IT processes. Prepare and report results to executives and Audit Committees.
These Include:
Perform pre and post-implementation reviews of system implementations or echancements.
IT secutiry audits (e.g network, operating system and data center),including evaluating if security vulnerablilities are properly identified and mitigated. Coordinate the scope and performance of these reviews with business units and external security experts.
Evaluate information general computing controls and provide value added feedback. Test compliances with those controls. Coordinate with IT team as applicable.
Perofrm various other reviews of IT management policies and procedures such as change management, business continuity planning disaster recovery and information security to rensure that controls surrouding these processes are adequate.
Develop, build & implement tools to analyze data to improve audit efficiency and effectiveness, (including for risk assessments). Ultimately be a source for analytics that business units adopt to provide business insights or for continuous auditing.
Conduct audits or lead autit teams in operational / financial audits. Qualifications & Skills.
A. Education and Training:
Masters in Technology Management and Bachlore in Information Technology.
Understanding of multiple technology domins including software development, windows, database management, networking and advance technology management.
Understanding of information security standards, best practices for securing computer systems, and applicable laws and regulations. B. Managerial, Technical or Professional Exeperience
Minimum 10+years fo releveant (re)insurance experience with a IT background.
Prior position in IT Manager / IT Project Manager / IT Audit – internal audit or external aduting frim.
Progressive achievement in one or more of the traditional IT disciplines
(applications, operations, infrastructure, and management).
Experience with IT Operations.
C. Additional Skills
Outstanding interperonal and communications skills, ability to communicate effectively with technical and non-tecniocal staff or audiences.
Strong knowledge of Specialty Lines Inforamtion Technology. Email : ac7unc@r.postjobfree.com, Contact No:# +966-**-***-****
Expert knowledge of internal auditing, internal controls, risk management,and finances and accounting practices and methods.
Comprehensive understanding of internal control environments with the IT functions.
Experience with multiple technolgy domains including aspects of Windows, database administration, software development and networking.
Excellent leadership and teamwork skills.
Proactive, hands-on, results-driven orientation required.
Ability to blend exceptional attention to detail with an ability to retain strategic directions within a repidly evolving enterprencurial business culture.
Ability to produce high quality work products for both the IT groups and Senior Management.
Education & Credentials
National Institute of Business Management (NIBM): MBA-IT at Bharathiar University, Colmbatore India. (UGC/DEC Approved, NAAC Accredited ‘A’ Grade State University) 2015 Bachelor Degree In Information Technology at Guru Ghadisas University, Bilaspur MP India Intermediate with MPC St.Georges Junior College Hyderabad India. 2002 WES Educational Crediential Assessment: CANADIAN EQUIVALENCY SYMMARY Bachelor’s degree WES REF# 2771079IMM
Project Management Professional (PMP), Hayoon Project Management Institute (Riyadh) 2012 Microsoft Certified Systems Engineer (Year of Complete 2007)
Designing Securtiy for a Microsoft®Windows® Server 2003 Network.
Implementing, Managing, and Maintaining a Microsoft®Windows® Server 2003 Network Infrastructure.
Installing, Configuring, and Administering Microsoft®Windows® XP Professional.
Implementing and Managing Microsoft®Exchange Server 2003.
Managing and Maintaining a Microsoft®Windows®Server 2003 Environment.
Planning and Maintaining a Microsoft®Windows®Server2003 Network Infrastructure.
Planning, Implemenging, and Maintaining a Microsoft® Windows Server 2003 Active Directory Infrastructure .
Cisco Career Certifications (Year of Complete 2013)
Cisco Certified Network Associate (CCNA) ID : CSCO11802439
Cisco Certified Network Professional (CCNP) ID : CSCO11802439 Career Progression
SAMIR GROUP (Samir Trading & Marketing – CJSC) Saudi Arabia, Riyadh, Senior Project Manager, July 2008 to Present.
Completed Project assignments to enhance structure applications and software within mainframe, network and client/server environments. Improved functioning of databases, communication systems, storage area networks and server configurations. Innova Health Care (Health House Pharmacies). CONSULTING (Riyadh), Project Manager, March 2003 to July 2008.
Recruited by two of the nation’s leading consulting firms to provide project management over large-scale, top-priority and complex technology initiatives. Managed budgets of up to SR.8M and cross-functional teams of up to 25 developers, programmers, analysts and network specialists. Drove the high-quality completion of systems engineering, software/database development and enterprise wide implementation projects for major clients including: Email : ac7unc@r.postjobfree.com, Contact No:# +966-**-***-**** Complete Project Kingdom wide:
King Fahad Medical City Hail Dental Center King Abdul-Aziz University
King Saud University King Khalid Military City Taawun Medical Center
Kingdom Hospital Ministry of Education Sanaya Medical Center
Dr.Suliman Al Habib-Hospital Obaid Specialize Hospital Ministry of Health
CMAI Hospital OMC Medical Center (Many More Project’s) Technical Skills
Development Tools: Oracle Developer 2000 \10g\11gR2 Languages : PL/SQL
Database : Oracle 10g/11g
Enviroment : Windows 7, Windows 8 and Windows 2012 Server
RYD-CAS (Client Access Server Exhange 2013), RYD-PAD, RYD-PDAG,RYD-SDAG,RYD-WUS.
CISCO Routers, ASA Firewall, Switchs, WAN & LAN.
NEC VOIP PBX Server, CYBEROME, Silver Peak.
Installation, configuration, and troubleshooting different operating systems like Windows 2000 Windows XP Professional, Windows 8 & Windows 2000/2003/2008/2012 Server.
Implementing, Managing, and Troubleshooting Hardware Devices and Drivers.
Configuring and Troubleshooting Windows 2000/2003 Network Connections. Installation of and Maintenance of Desktop applications like MS-Office (Outlook with MS Exchange) and customized applications Oracle APPS.
Use Domain Local, Global, & Universal groups to grant access to resources.
Install and configure Physical Disks.
Grant access to resources in other Domain.
Design a Virtualization infrastructure that can host applications. Following Virtusl Machine Create in Windows 2012 R2
RYD-CAS (Client Access Server Exhange 2013), RYD-PAD, RYD-PDAG,RYD-SDAG,RYD-WUS.
Work in Windows Server 2012 R2 for Virtualization.
Work on Hyper-V Manager to create Virtual machines.
Work on Hyper-V Settings
Work on Hyper-V Switch manager (Version 5.0)
Personal Informiation:
Full Name: Mohammed Masood Siddiqui
Father Name: Mahbood Siddiqui
Nationality: Indian
DOB : 18-Nov-1980
Passport : H1556693
Driving Licence: Saudi driving licence & indian driving licence Iqama Status : Transferable
Mobile : 055*******
REFERENCES:
Available on request
Contact this candidate