Judy Rowell
Spring, Texas *****
832-***-****
ac83n6@r.postjobfree.com

Career Summary
Leverage over 20 years of technology training and “hands-on” experience with Server/Client applications including Microsoft Exchange (all version through 2016)
Critical Skills
Microsoft Office Suite
Microsoft Exchange Server
Windows Servers
Rightfax
Blackberry Enterprise server
Webex
Skype for Business
Legal Hold Repository
Mobile Device Management
Email archival

Professional Experience

Exchange Administrator, May 2018 to Oct 2018
Vinson & Elkins Law Firm - Contract with Modis - Houston

Upgrade Microsoft Exchange from Version 2013 to 2016.
Use in-place tools to move Email accounts from old Exchange 2013 servers to new Exchange 2016 environment
Use Experience with Microsoft Exchange Management Shell and scripting for Batch mailbox moves and scheduling according to requirements
Legal hold support using Archive Manager/Metalogix application
Copy Email accounts for clients that have left the company into repository as per client requirements for long term storage
Create and schedule EMS scripts for reporting necessary for on-going Exchange storage management.

Infrastructure Applications Analyst, May 2007 to Nov 2017
Enbridge (formerly Spectra Energy) Contract with Procom Services - Houston

Support Email Infrastructure in a Fast paced Oil and Gas Transmission Industry environment using Microsoft Exchange 2010/2013 Virtual on-premises servers and cloud based Office 365 management.
Created and supported 7500 total Exchange 2013 users in multiple locations nationwide as well as corporate office users. Created, managed, and supported thousands of Exchange objects such as distribution lists and Shared mailboxes.
Support merger between Spectra Energy and Enbridge to combine Exchange platforms
Expanded e-mail capabilities through interconnecting Microsoft Exchange implementing and deploying Outlook Web Access.
Proficiency with Microsoft Exchange Management Shell and scripting
Legal hold support using Archive Manager
Provided support and maintenance of Microsoft Office Outlook Web Access and Microsoft Office Outlook E-mail, Calendaring & Scheduling.
Lowered volume of spam using firewall filtering with real-time spam black lists for incoming email by installing, configuring, and using TrendMicro ScanMail for Exchange.
Maintained optimal Exchange server health by using SCOM for Exchange.
Managed third party applications such as Mobile Device Manager Xenmobile, Webex, Skype for Business, Rightfax, Mail Attender, Blackberry Enterprise Server, Active Directory Admin, Azure requirements for updates, Remedy and Footprints for Help desk

Email Applications Analyst, Sept 2004 to May 2007
ExxonMobil Contract – Houston
As part of a Lotus Notes team in the Oil and Gas Industry resolve fractures in Name and Address book related to Daily processes.
Create/Edit/Delete email accounts on Lotus Notes.
Investigate discrepancies and find resolution for Infrastructure changes
Part of on-call rotation supporting Lotus Notes\Domino Email in a large corporate environment.
Assist with special projects for client resolutions.

Information Security Systems Analyst, 1984 to 2004
Service Corporation International – Houston
IT Positions held: Production Control Clerk, Production Control Supervisor, Information Security Admin, Email Administrator
Duties: Nightly production scheduling on AS400, Amdahl mainframe, Create and manage network accounts, Manage network shares, Email account creation and management on Lotus Notes and Exchange 2000.
Implemented Spam filtering solution for entire company resulting in the reduction of Spam by 98.9% within two weeks.
Success in cost savings moving monthly printed reports to microfiche and then to Online archival

Education
Associate of Science: Information Technology, 1995
North Harris Community College – Spring Tx
Contact this candidate