Martin J. McBride – CISM, CISSP, GISP, GSEC

Telephone: 203-***-****
Email: ac91xi@r.postjobfree.com
LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/martin-j-mcbride-cism-cissp-gisp-gsec-59690510/

Security professional with 16 years of dedication to leading edge cyber investigations with the FBI. Project management of numerous Federal investigations, including a highly successful international investigation involving several countries, other U.S. law enforcement agencies, and a team of several FBI employees. Upon retiring from the FBI, demonstrated an exceptional ability to transition 29 years of Government/military experience into private sector success.

Career Highlights

Spirit Aerosystems, Wichita, KS July 2018 – July 2019
Director, Global Cybersecurity & Industrial Security
Executive position covering both cybersecurity and industrial security (Defense contracting) for all Spirit AeroSystems sites around the world through a budget of $2 million. Directed three Senior Managers who managed a total of 22 individual contributors.
Led the following areas: Predictive monitoring, Threat and Vulnerability Management, Security Architecture, and Cyber Security Risk Assessments.
Raised the awareness and inclusiveness of security architecture to ensure the Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) became the Secure Software Development Life Cycle (SSDLC). This required a culture change and the change made a notable difference in thinking security at the front end of projects, thus reducing overall costs for rework.
Held monthly touchpoint calls with the account manager of the U.S.-based Managed Security Service Provider (MSSP) to ensure Spirit’s vulnerability scanning infrastructure and monitoring capabilities were meeting Spirit’s cybersecurity requirements.
Developed, maintained, and evolved an Incident Response Playbook (IRP) for use in conducting drills and providing immediate and well-coordinated incident response for ten pre-defined, large-scale incident types. Had MSSP incident response experts provide incident response training for responders as well as being ready on short notice to provide surge resources in the event of large-scale or highly complex incidents.
Provided both strategic analysis and near real-time auditing, analyzing, investigating, reporting, remediation, coordinating and tracking of security-related activities for the corporate enterprise.
Analyzed data and prepared reports to document vulnerabilities from network-based charges and recommended actions to prevent, repair or mitigate these vulnerabilities. Reports were used to show security advancements through reduction of vulnerabilities over time.

Voya Financial, Windsor, CT October 2016-July 2018
Director, Information Security
Led Voya's Security Incident Response Team (SIRT), which consisted of five trained Incident Commanders who responded to and investigated all cybersecurity and privacy incidents in accordance with a very well exercised IRP.
Operated in tandem with the Security Operations Center (SOC) and the Canadian-based MSSP responsible for detecting potential incidents and escalating incidents to the SIRT when required.
The SIRT led weekly threat hunts which engaged members from the SIRT, the SOC, and Voya’s penetration testing team.

FBI Special Agent, Washington, DC and New Haven, CT July 1996-October 2016
Computer Intrusion Program Coordinator/Program Manager October 2011-October 2016
Led a team of fourteen FBI employees, including Special Agent cyber investigators, cyber Intelligence Analysts, and Computer Scientists in the conduct of investigations into both Criminal and National Security Computer Intrusion matters deemed to have a significant impact on either U.S. National Security or the U.S. economy.
In FY-2014, team’s Computer Intrusion Program was among 14 of the 56 Field Offices of the FBI to receive a rating of “High Performing” on measures of Program effectiveness.
In the annual, organization-wide survey of FBI employees conducted in March 2015, was among the 16.7 percent of the FBI’s leaders to have greater than 95 percent of subordinates indicate they would choose to work for the leader if given the option.

Recognition and Awards

FBI, 1996-present
A recipient of the FBI Director’s “FBI High Impact Leadership Award” (2015).
A recipient of three out-of-cycle, meritorious pay increases (among the FBI’s most prestigious Awards for individual accomplishments).
A recipient of two InfraGard National Members Alliance “FBI Coordinator of the Year” Awards (2004 and 2005).

US Navy, 1986-1995
Held three Department Head posts as a Navy Lieutenant (O-3) when such positions were typically reserved for Lieutenant Commanders (O-4).
Helicopter Aircraft Commander and Functional Check Pilot in a four-person crew.
Veteran of the Gulf War of 1991 aka Operation Desert Storm.
Received numerous ribbons and medals including the more prestigious Air Medal, Navy Commendation Medal, and Navy Achievement Medal.

Active Technical Certifications
CISM, June 2018
CISSP, June 2016
GIAC Information Security Professional (GISP), April 2016
GIAC Security Essentials Certification (GSEC), January 2016
CompTIA Network+, 17 September 2010
CompTIA A+, 6 August 2010

Education
MBA, University at Albany, 1995 (3.5 GPA)
BS Computer Science, Siena College, 1986 (3.35 GPA, Cum Laude)

Background

Worked primarily under the NIST SP 800 framework, especially NIST SP 800-171 which was required for performing work on Defense contracts. Also have familiarity with ISO 27001 and NAS 9933 frameworks for greater depth.
Contact this candidate