THOMAS STUBBLEFIELD
Winchester, VA 540-***-**** ac97q5@r.postjobfree.com https://www.linkedin.com/in/tom-stubblefield/
Experienced Technology Leader and Database Administrator
Results-driven and motivated Technology Leader and Database Administrator with extensive experience administering and improving the performance of large-scale databases in a variety of industries, highly skilled in performance tuning, crisis management, and information security.
Applies strong attention to detail and efficient multi-tasking abilities to excel in time-sensitive environments, meeting all standards for quality and productivity.
Offers expertise maintaining 24/7 support operations for production databases for government clients and major enterprise corporations.
CORE PROFICIENCIES
Database Administration
Capacity Planning
Database Security
Disaster Recovery
Oracle RAC
User/Role/Profile Management
Technical Documentation
Standby/Failover (Data Guard)
System Backup/Recovery
SLA Compliance
Linux/Unix Shell Scripting
24/7 Support Operations
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
ORACLE DATABASE ADMINISTRATOR Leidos 2016 to 2017
Fulfilled a key role managing the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration database on behalf of the Department of Transportation, a client of this provider of services and solutions in the defense, intelligence, civil, and health markets.
Maintained accountability for the deployment of database code, schema changes, script generation, and refreshes of the database using Oracle datapump functionality.
Leveraged expertise in SQL to develop new scripts in line with client needs. Coordinated and executed database change requests.

ORACLE DATABASE ADMINISTRATOR General Dynamics Information Technology 2010 to 2015
Orchestrated and executed a broad array of database administration responsibilities at this provider of information technology, systems engineering, and simulation and training services.
Outstanding results, achieving and sustaining a 99.9% uptime for critical databases through 24/7 administration and support of production databases, consistently meeting government SLAs. Protected against data loss through the development of scripts and scheduling of backups in cron for Recovery Manager (RMAN) backup and recovery.
Led tuning, capacity planning, and the resolution of bottlenecks in order to maximize database performance, resulting in faster completion of jobs and processes. Engaged in system and application tuning to optimize results.
Safeguarded mission-critical information by defining and deploying database security processes, and administering user management. Scheduled and implemented patches and upgrades.
Applied skills in Oracle OEM and other applications to track alerts and support both RAC and non-RAC databases on Linux systems. Led the conversion of a file system from RAC to ASM.
Developed expertise in federal government database operations, with assignments that included the configuration of the Department of Defense (DoD) Strategic Technical Implementation Guidelines (STIG) and an upgrade to the United States Coast Guard’s Long Range Identification and Tracking System (LRIT) International Data Exchange (IDE) database.

ORACLE DATABASE ADMINISTRATOR Northrop Grumman Information Technology 2007 to 2010
Recruited with a mandate to manage the Oracle 11g database supporting the United States Coast Guard’s Long Range Identification and Tracking System (LRIT), running on Intel blade servers and Linux. Served as a key resource for 24/7 support and administration of a production database.
Served as a trusted advisor and technical subject matter expert, providing guidance and direction on problem analysis in order to develop informed recommendations for resolution.
Established Oracle RAC and non-RAC databases using OCFS2 storage. Installed and configured Oracle RAC database software. Used RMAN to perform database backup and recovery operations across RAC and non-RAC environments.
Maintained compliance with Department of Homeland Security standards and practices, administering standby databases located in disaster recovery data centers across broad geographies. Administered the Data Guard utility.
Responsible for implementing critical patch updates and directing the configuration of Oracle OEM Database Console (Oracle Enterprise Manager) in order to track the execution and reporting of pre-determined events.

ADDITIONAL / EARLY CAREER
Maintenance Manager (Current), Country K9 Pet Resort and Spa
Oracle Database Administrator, Northrop Grumman Mission Systems
Oracle Database Administrator, EDS Inc.
Oracle Database Administrator, Nextel Communications
Consultant, Solution Technologies
Senior Computer Analyst, PRC
Database Administrator, Comsys
Applications Manager, Oracle Database Administrator, Battelle Memorial Institute

EDUCATION

Bachelor of Arts Degree in Management
National Louis University

Associate of Applied Science Degree in Data Processing
Strayer College

TECHNICAL PROFICIENCIES

Oracle 6, 7, 8/8i, 9i, 10g, 11g and 12c, RMAN, Cold, Hot Backup, Data Guard, RAC
Microsoft Office, Visio

Oracle Performance Tuning
TKPROF, EXPLAIN Plan, AWR, ASH, STATS PACK and ADDM

Oracle Utilities
Export/Import/Datapump, RAC, Toad, NETCA, NETMGR, LSNRCTL, DBCA, DBUA, SQL Developer
Contact this candidate