Kevin Swayze
ac983j@r.postjobfree.com
503-***-****
www.linkedin.com/in/kevin-s-1a6867
1
Career
Objective:
Be a contributing member of an IT/IS team that is focused on supporting the business objectives in a manner that is strategic. Ensure that clear, open 360 communications, communicates the status of the infrastructure. Proactively making sure that the team and infrastructure meets existing and future service level agreements. Ensuring the team has the education and tools to perform the duties in an efficient manner to meet the challenges in today’s fast changing infrastructure environment.
Key Responsibilities &
Accomplishments:
Proposed, Hired, Trained and built two IT/IS Customer support/Help desks for Metro One Telecommunications and Alpha Media LLC that supported the following: LANs, WANS, Desktops, Servers, Firewalls, SAGE/Financial applications and directory assistance databases
Security Information Technology, PCI and SOX compliance, Firewalls, WAP’s, servers and desktop/laptops
Extensive experience working with internal & external customers to help ensure the Information Technology team is support both the company goals and customer’s needs both today and in the future.
Created & implemented the processes and procedures too on-board/migrate over 150 radio stations across the United States in 6 months. Stabilized the Internet Service Provider’s (ISP) data network by deploying Juniper MX480's in Estacada, OR., Mesquite NV.
Managed the migrating from a cloud Exchange email solution to Google G Suite email solution. This was completed on time, resulting in saving $480,000 over the 4 year contract for email services. In addition, this also enabled the use of GSuite collaboration tools, Team Drives to manage data in a more secure manner across 53 locations and 1,900 employees. Vendor management for Hardware and SoftWare procurement & management, Data and voice transport contract and SLA management
Proposing, Hiring, managing, mentoring of staff
Disaster recovery: Document the business needs, Budget proposal, procure the solution(s), deploy and validation of the process and recovery Work closely with C-level management to ensure the IT/IS team is in alignment with the business goals and needs
Company security guidelines: Work with key stakeholders to create, Implement and verification
, work with auditors for compliance.
Project management: Extensive experience managing multiple concurrent projects from small to large, lasting from weeks to over a year.
Proficient with MS Office suite and Google Productivity tools
Professional
Experience
November 2014 to March 2019. Alpha Media USA Portland, Oregon. Senior Director, Information Security and Technology
September 2011 to November 2014. DayWireless/Reliance Connects Estacada, Oregon. IT/IS Manager
June 2009 to September 2011 Northern Oregon Regional Correctional Facilities
(NORCOR) The Dalles, Or. IS/IT Manager
Additional professional experience upon request
Contact this candidate