Summary
Results -oriented Business Professional with over 15 years’ experience in business, administrative, and information technology – leading cross-functional teams in the delivery of professional services and solutions, which satisfy customers.

CORE COMPETENCIES

Revenue Growth
Lean Six Sigma
Process Improvement
Business Continuity
Project Management
Auditing
Governance
Information Technology
Risk Management
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Prime Care Coordination 3/2019-6/2019
Manager Data Security Operations
Manage and oversee security reporting for the company. Coordinate implementation of data security requirements and other compliance risk assessments. Facilitated implementation teams for solutions to mitigate identified risks. Maintain comprehensive records of all data processing activities. Assist in development of operational budget for management of data security with needed resources. Oversee, and monitor reporting system for regional hubs and operations. Provide immediate response and action plans in the event of a data security threat or issue. Ensure compliance with all applicable local, State and Federal regulations and agency policies.

Conduent Corporation 1/2017- 3/2019
Business Continuity and Compliance Manager
Manage over 200 strategic business accounts’ business continuity plans and annual BC/DR testing for quality and performance. Reviews and mitigate business continuity plans. Manage master BCP maintenance calendar and scorecard for Commercial Sector group. Manage schedule gaps, regular updates and reviews with key stakeholders. Support SBU and IT staff for BCP and IT DRP production and updates. Serves as the Business –IT liaison as required. Provides coordination and support to external and internal audits. Trains new employees on business continuity. Write SOP, guidelines, and part of overall policy governance. Consulting - Provide guidance in understanding the requirements and strategies that the company has adopted. Ensure Disaster recovery policies are in compliance with ISO 22301 and NIST controls. Assist and participate with internal and external audits.

Xerox Corporation 10/ 2005 to 12/ 2016
Business Continuity and Compliance Manager
Responsible for over 150 strategic business units’ business continuity plans and annual DR testing for quality and performance. Reviews and mitigate business continuity plans. Manage master BCP maintenance calendar and scorecard for HPPI group. Manage schedule gaps, regular updates and reviews with key stakeholders. Support SBU and IT staff for BCP and IT DRP production and updates. Serves as the Business –IT liaison as required. Provides coordination and support to external and internal audits. Training new employees on business continuity.
Compliance and Internal Control Manager – Business Operations - Global Document Outsourcing
Designed, deployed, managed and executed internal control audits for Xerox Document Outsourcing in North America to address key operating inefficiencies, which were causing critical financial losses and poor customer satisfaction. Resulting in process improvement and assured the ability to deliver on time and within scope while increasing business profitability and compliance with organization policies and procedures as well as applicable laws and regulations. Developed and managed SARBOX control points, governance conditions, compliance and reporting metrics. Was an integral part of a Lean Sigma team, which standardized inspection processes via new tool across the entire department. Utilized many finance systems and tools to gather data and reports.
Security Administrator – Information Systems
Provided leadership and technical execution for finance web based tool with a team of finance and information technology professionals delivering new project initiatives and database information security in support of Xerox financial services. Acted as the primary point of contact to all security and finance business customers ensuring total customer satisfaction. Managed all aspects of security including: business requirements gathering, system architecture, project plans, budgets, development and maintenance, quality assurance/testing, information risk and security, disaster recovery, Sarbanes Oxley compliance, and service levels.

Eastman Kodak Company 06/1996 to 02/ 2004

Production Supervisor – Research and Development
Lead and executed day-to day oversight of testing operations and collaborating testing initiatives with customers to maintain established quality standards. Met with customers regarding test specifications and prioritized test plans. Established critical testing schedules based on test objective, time parameters, and work load. Monitored experiments ensuring compliance with customer specifications, documented, monitored and maintained measurements. Wrote and maintained procedures to comply with International Standards Organization (ISO) documentation. Developed and managed a project that increased customer satisfaction 12%, reduced turnaround time from 7 days to 24 hours, and increased revenue by $140K/ annually. Selected for and completed Certified Leadership Program. Collaborated on a team to increase revenue from current customers and attract new customers. Researched and prepared data to identify and implement new business opportunities. Trained and coached new employees in job functions. Responsible for planning, budgeting, monitoring, and appraising employees. Enforcing company systems, policies and procedures.

EDUCATION
M.B.A.
Business Administration
University of Phoenix, Phoenix, Arizona, 2009
B.S.
Business Administration
Empire State College, Rochester, New York, 2003

PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT

MS Office – Word, Excel, Power Point, Access, Visio, SharePoint, Lotus Notes, SAP, Quick Books, I Procurement, PTS (Project Tracking System), Assurance tool, LDRPS (Living Disaster Recovery Planning System), Drill Down, EFIW (Enterprise Finance Information Warehouse), WebSat, and other Conduent reports and data mining software,
Yellow and Green Belt Certification.
ITIL Certified.
Certified Business Continuity Professional (CBCP)
Certified ISO22 301 Lead Implementer
Certified in CERT
Working knowledge of regulatory standards such as HIPAA, Sarbanes-Oxley, ISO 9001, SAS-70/SSAE16, ISO 27001 and 27002, SOC 1 and 2, PCI, HITRUST.
Working knowledge of Information Security Standards such as NIST Special Publication 800-53 or the Cybersecurity Framework & Contingency Planning Policy and Procedures or NIST SP 800-34 Contingency Planning Guide for Federal Information Systems.
Contact this candidate