FAITH ADAMS
Grovetown, GA *****
706-***-****
ac9sok@r.postjobfree.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

IT Professional and Military Veteran leveraging a Top Secret Security Clearance and 12+ years of proven experience in cyber security and information technology with the ability to provide decisive leadership, exemplary management, and informed guidance. Possess a comprehensive background in communication equipment installation, problem solving and customer service derived from conducting domestic and global operations. Consistently praised for communicating effectively with both technical and nontechnical users. Possess extensive knowledge in operations management, planning, analyzing trends, quality assurance, operation and repair. Career supported by the current pursuit of a Bachelor’s of Science in Information Security Systems with a concentration in Cyber Security and professional experience and training gained in the U.S. Army.

Information Assurance
Inventory Management
Data Analysis

Telecommunications
Training and Development
Policies and Procedures

System Administration
Database Management
Risk Mitigation

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

UltiSat-Fort Gordon, GA
116th AIB
Field Service Representative
Aerial Intelligence Surveillance and Reconnaissance May 2018- Present
Responsible for the network and communication support for ARST PED operations. Support includes maintenance and configuration of the Multi-INTEL Analysis and Archive System (MAAS), SAN storage systems, SATCOM systems, network setup and configuration.
Working knowledge of MAAS, PICTE and AIMES systems, Windows operating systems, desktop support and extensive knowledge and experience supporting ISR collection systems. Works directly with the site lead and local supported customers to ensure daily tasks are completed as required to support 24x7 PED operations with maximum mission effectiveness and customer satisfaction.
Plans, directs, coordinates, supervises and manages the installation, operation, and maintenance of Information Mission Area (IMA) Signal support functions within an integrated Army, Joint, and Defense telecommunications network, to include coordinating the resolution of communication difficulties within Army operated Signal systems and networks, and between Army, Joint, and Defense wide commercial telecommunications activities.
Provides advice and technical assistance to commanders and subordinate units/elements. Prepares and maintains reports, records, and operational databases used to conduct Signal support functions in both tactical and strategic environments. Oversees information systems support functions for command, control, communications, and computers used at all echelons of the Army.
Created all user accounts with Active Directory on the MAAS system, SSARS, GEARS, manages SharePoint and personnel training on the MAAS.

FAITH ADAMS, PG. 2

United States Army September 2012– July 2017
Career Counselor
Mentored, counseled and retained employees with their career progression resulting in employee’s staying within the organization
Consolidated evaluations for statistical and operational reports, updated leadership and advised on operational readiness, created spreadsheets to track all members of the organization
Used exceptional organizational skills to ensure all members, operated the VTC for weekly remote meetings

Network Operations Manager
Managed the daily systems support, workload and help desk operations for a team of 10 personnel, maintained 100% accountability and serviceability of equipment valued in excess of $1M with zero losses.
Directed company operations and the Information Management Office, while supervising 10 direct report employees.
Accounted for and created all user accounts, personnel training, cyber security training, Active Directory, Remedy, managed SharePoint, networking computers, printers, deployable communications operations with zero losses or damages
Oversaw the Command Post Nodes and Satellite Transmissions Terminals for the entire organization.

Network Operations Supervisor June 2009- September 2012
Supervised the company’s Network Operations and tracked 15 Command Post Nodes links over 10 remote locations which included over 40 customers troubleshot network issues and monitored links minimizing network downtime.
Developed and executed a comprehensive plan to identify and correct all network deficiencies to achieve an increased security posture.
Served as the Transmission systems section chief provided Non-Secure Internet Protocol Router and Secure Internet Protocol Router Colorless Communications providing support to customers.
Planned, executed and recovered communication systems in support of a multimillion dollar operation involving 1,000+ agency employees.
Operated and maintained the readiness and serviceability of a Promina 400, two server racks, routers, switches, communications equipment, five military vehicles, and two trailers totaling $7M.
Mounted 3 antennas to shot a 30-mile radius Internet Protocol Radio shot successfully across an austere environment to provide secure communications.
Resolved trouble tickets and executed patch updates with zero errors, provided data connection in support of more than 500 end users.
Demonstrated strengths in rapidly diagnosing, troubleshooting and resolving client issues, diagnose, troubleshoot and resolve a range of software, hardware and connectivity issues.

Network Communications Security Manager April 2005- May 2008
Planned and executed worldwide missions for the NSA, sending joint service military members where they were needed most, to ensure network communication and computing systems for DoD personnel, in support of the safety and security of the United States and its civilians.
Performed Alternate Communication Security (COMSEC) Manager function and accounted COMSEC items with no discrepancies as well as inventory and maintain cryptographic devices.
Instructed common tasks on a continuous basis resulting in a first-time completion rate of 95% on all tasks, consistently praised for communicating effectively with both technical and nontechnical users
Learned and mastered several communication systems worth more than $5M, innovated ways to enhance the efficiency and use of new equipment.
Ensured the incoming personnel were trained on all policies and procuress as well as equipment.
FAITH ADAMS, PG. 3
In-process, and trained ten military personnel to operate and maintain nineteen Critical Source mobile communication systems (satellite communication equipment) supporting National Intelligence Support Teams and Combatant Commanders during exercise, crisis and war.
Monitor & maintain over IT systems including 50 JWICS, SIPRNET, and NIPRNET circuits
Maintain Cisco routers and switches, Integrated Digital Network Exchange (IDNX) and associated encryption devices.
Manage and maintain training SOP documents for incoming personnel.
Defense Travel Systems Manager approved all travel authorizations and vouchers and tracked all Government Travel card usage for 742nd MI and the National Security Agency.

EDUCATION

Candidate of a Bachelor’s of Science, Information Security Systems / Cyber Security American Military University,
Associates of Arts, General Studies, American Military University

CERTIFICATIONS

Information System Operator- Analyst, United States Army
National Crypto Logical School COMSEC Custodian Training Course
Telecommunications Operator- Maintainer United States
Microsoft word, excel, power point and access certifications
Sexual Assault Response Harassment Prevention
Advanced Leadership Development Course
Equal Employment Opportunity
Information Assurance level II
Risk Management

TECHNICAL SKILLS

Software: Microsoft Office, SharePoint
Operating Systems: Mac / Microsoft Windows
Contact this candidate