I won’t bore you with the long winded acronym laden paragraph most resumes start with. Simply put, I’ve done the job, live,
every day for close to 2 decades. I have not only taken the classes, and passed the tests. I’ve taught the classes and written the tests.
There The bottom line being that the companies I’ve worked for know their systems are working and secure. They have what they need
to get their jobs done, and I’ve accomplished it while staying well below budgetary guidelines, and working cooperatively with all
Departments. I’ve changed the culture of IT security everyplace I’ve been, and built collaborative systems using everyone’s input and
leveraging increased value by giving everyone in the company a chance to contribute to the process.
I am a Subject Matter Expert for Comptia, having worked in the design and writing of the new Security+ exam, which is now
the government standard for security analysts, along with being invited for several others. I also bring an extremely long list of course
work and technical skills, and accomplishments. Like I said, in an IT environment, I’ve done the jobs, very successfully, I was a hands on
Director, and I lead by example, and have always dived into any issue that arises. Most important is I have a proven track record of
building programs inclusive of everyone, working with C levels, and delivering and getting "buy in" from all participants. I’ve done this
without losing focus on the fact the quality IT still comes back to customer service.
I’ve worked in the email security world for the last couple of years, and have managed more than 300 projects. I have worked
with infrastructures ranging from 100 seats to 10000+ seats. I’ve worked with them to configure their infrastructures, CAS and HUB
servers, DMZs, firewalls, TLS appliances, gateway appliances as well as other archiving, security and edge server technologies. I helped
them correct internal configuration errors to provide service and efficiency along with increased security. As well as having helped
clients with their Exchange migrations and upgrades. Citrix with sql backend solutions and resource planning for large scale
environments. Security and hardening of the CAS servers along with email security, archiving and business continuity. I’ve worked with
clients to manage IDS, IPS, proxies, NLB, and help configure the exchange of information between their systems and ours. I have a long
standing record of taking the worst clients, the worse cases, the escalated cases. I also have proven time and time again to rebuild or save
those relationships and build outstanding relationships with the clients. I do this by bringing a customer side focus I’ve learned by having
sat in their seats. It about business needs and management of resources. Building procedures and policies that meet the requirements, but
that can also be adhered to.
I’ve managed the auditing and compliance, the licensing and asset management as well as vendors and service providers. I am
rather successful working with vendors as in addition to having worked with them for years, I’ve also worked for them. I bring to the
table, a proven record of Service levels well above standard, constantly promoting new technology, and I’ve done it while staying well
under budget. I build strong teams, and create collaborative environments. I’ve built teams from the ground up, I’ve trained existing
teams in cutting edge technology, and I am more than familiar with friendly and customer service friendly environment, as well as
managing a large team in a stressful 24x7x365 situation.
I have a personality quite unlike any IT professional you’ve dealt with, I am extremely approachable, always available and I’ve
proven through the years to be very good at communicating and teaching a wide range of people, from special education students,
education professionals, all the way to C Level execs and politicians.
I have managed corporate data, including CIRT and data recovery for prosecution. I’ve also managed data and email retention
and protection during rapid downsizing of companies, also dealt with the termination process and protection and recovery of assets. I
have always advocated pro-active rather than reactive security solutions ranging from physical security, to information security as well as
Disaster Recovery and Business Continuity. I’ve done the job ranging from Technology management, budgets, team building and
training. With security I’ve been in the business and know my way from HIPAA, to HITECH, to PII,to 27001, to physical security and
JCAHO, I’ve worked with an international company for the past 2 years so have dealt with the EU standards as well as data housing
requirements. I bring a proven track record of being able to build cooperation and consensus across the infrastructure. I have worked with
clients over the past 2 years, and jumped into nothing short of foreign environments and rapidly resolved situations whether they be
actual hardware or software issues, or many times just improperly designed policies and procedures.
Upon leaving my last job this is the email the CEO sent out, and I found it meant a lot to me as my contributions were seen
beyond the usual IT world parameters.
He has been an incredible resource to our organization as we have grown, handling numerous IT challenges and issues, and we would
not be where we are today without his expertise, capabilities and resourcefulness. More importantly, he has been a big part of our
company culture and has been a true joy to work with, laugh with and on occasion, assess the overall meaning of life in general with –
all commentary from Bob’s Bait and Tackle.
Lastly, and most importantly, Bob has become a trusted personal friend who I will miss very much – and I wish him the very best with his
future endeavors.
Simply put I bring the ability to solve problems whether they be financial, administrative or extremely technical, and a track
record to prove that I can. I have worn all the hats at the IT table from helpdesk to Sysadmin and network admin, I have extensive hands
on experience with it all. I have proven my skills at communicating and teaching anyone technical fundamentals. I have managed a huge
load of projects and delivered them on time, well documented with satisfied clients. I use an intense focus on detail and a very broad
skillset when it comes to communication and crisis management and personnel management to achieve the company’s goals. Having
worked in SMB and very dynamic environments. One of the things I am most proud of is a majority of the grads and interns I’ve worked
with and taught, as well as most of the staff from my previous companies, all still stay in touch building a strong network of resources
and friends.
I look forward to speaking to you further.

Thank you
Bob Chadwick
Robert W. Chadwick
508-***-****(cell)
acftq9@r.postjobfree.com

Mimecast 3/2012 thru Present Implementations and ExCore Software Engineer
• Work with hundreds of clients to help them configure their infrastructure to work with the Mimecast archiving and secure
Gateway, resolved even local issues with the clients.
• Led project with new clients to implement and secure their infrastructure for advanced archiving capabilities, including alpha
and beta test of IM archiving, OWA integration, SSO using integrated windows authentication. Helped clients overcome
infrastructure issues, with integrated authentication. Wrote up KB’s, trouble shooting manuals, and step by step guides for most
of these solutions.
• Lead project with clients to leverage the Retention capabilities of exchange and the Mimecast system. Helped dozens of clients
achieved a centrally managed retention program.
• Trouble shoot and assist clients with implementing integrated authentication solutions. Working with them to help them
configure their CAS, Exchange, Firewalls, IDS, IPS, Load balancing and Forefront technologies securely. Also TLS,
encryption, proxies, web filters and any other inhouse device the clients might be using.
• Worked with clients to configure, troubleshoot, harden and resource planning for citrix environment and sql backend for outlook
client. Help clients configure custom install scripts and sql connectors, and SSO solutions.
• Worked with many of the Healthcare clients to facilitate HIPAA, Hitech, PHI, and 201 CMR 17 standards. Also worked with
financial as well as legal clients.
• Worked with DEV to help develop our HIPAA and healthcare standards and client migration process.
• Worked collaboratively with clients to help them align their email/retention systems to meet state, federal and agency standards.
Worked as SME on security and infrastructures.
• Worked with 365 migrations, hybrid environments, and implementations. As well as exchange migrations.
• Did advanced application troubleshooting and engineering to keep all possible outlook addins working.
• Recognized as THE person for the worst clients, the most messed up issues, and recognized for always building outstanding
client relations. Working with smaller clients to get them through the initial setup, configuring send connectors, journaling,
managing SPF, Certificates and mxrecords. Configuring firewalls, load balancing, and other security devices
• Managed hundreds of projects over the past 2 years, and in some circumstances due to lack of staff managed more than 100
projects at a time.
• Worked with dev to solve application conflict problems with AV, Windows Security Updates, Document management systems,
metadata scrubbers, and encryption devices.
• Led many meetings with clients to discuss their existing policies and procedures and to help them direct themselves toward the
goals they needed, including training clients staff in security and DR procedures.

J. Calnan and Associates 01/2006 thru 3/2012 IT Manager/Director
• Responsible for all aspects of IT Department, for 200 million dollar plus company. Including all services, vendors, licensing,
and multiple remote sites. Managed very successfully during the upswing as well as the recent downturn in the economy.
• Designed infrastructure for two new office locations, including negotiation with all vendors, for network, phones, security
systems, and wireless. Managed the move of the office twice where, the office closed at noon and by dinner all systems were
back up and running. Brought project in on time and under budget.
• Active Directory design, rollout, integration and increased leveraging. Including startup scripts, IE controls, software
deployments, patch system controls. As well as permission structure, access control and logging, and aup splash screen.
• During rapid downsizing I tracked the accounts and managed all the contracts to reduce cost impact of downsizing. I also put
together termination procedure to protect assets and intellectual properties. We had no breaches and no losses even with a 30%
downsize in staff.
• Designed a Backup solution, and Disaster Recovery and Business Continuity plan which has provided 100% availability during
business hours over the last 5+ years. With no problems with Confidentiality or Integrity. All the while staying within budget.
• Built, integrated and managed all Antivirus, IDS and Patch systems, which have provided a 100% success rate over the time I
was there, with no systemic issues from viruses or Trojans.
• Aggressively managed the spam system to keep junk mail to a minimum level with no issues in regards to false positives.
• Lead a project to get approval from CHSB so that we could pursue CORI checks ourselves to increase our position in the
construction industry with private schools.
• Ground up build of sql back end for new project management system, including hardening, DR planning and redundancies.
• Wrote, launched and enforced policies for AUP, Information Security, Email retention, Personal Privacy, Security systems,
Emergency on call system to name a few.
• Designed and built tracking system to support AUP and Security Policies, no known breaches, but have caught several attempts,
one resulting in termination.
• Wrote policies and launched standards for MA 201 CMR 17.00. Verified all systems, and vendors. High point of preparation
was the fact that as we built our check list and tested our standards we found that as a company our existing standards were
already were in compliance.
• Designed and launched hardware baseline for all users, including asset tracking, forecasting and resource planning. Including
integrating it into our business policy for financial tracking.
• Managed network infrastructure and systems, which we leveraged well beyond their expected life expectancy due to economic
changes. CIA all well above industry standards.
• Aggressively leveraged all vendors during recent downturn to alleviate as much of the financial impact of downsizing as
possible. And I’ve continued to aggressively leverage all vendors to keep costs down as much as possible.
• Managed all licenses keeping company in compliance, while keeping a close eye on financial impact. Aggressively reduced
licensing at every possible opportunity. While always looking for new technology or other software options.
• Increased focus with clients, becoming contact point for them in regards to security systems, physical security and IT issues
during buildouts.
Shawmut Design and Construction 6/2004 thru 1/2006 Lead Tech, Analyst
• Lead Technician for escalated software, hardware, remote access and network issues.
• Lead for all security matters ranging from IDS, Antivirus, Patch Management, as well as data recovery (including one for
prosecution).
• Designed and launched custom user security template which allowed us to run users in custom specific group that limited admin
rights and greatly reduced our bug issues.
• Put together training procedures for Help Desk, and set up troubleshooting and problem management protocols.
Adelphia Communications 6/2003 thru 6/2004 Technical Support Lead
• Technical Support Specialist, handling hardware, software, networking and email and security issues.
• Also handled WAN support and problem solving for Southeastern Mass.
Carver High School 1/2001 thru 6/2003 Technology Vocational Specialist
• Built several systems from left over parts. Handled migration to W2K. Helped adapt software to students needs.
Got the funding, put together curriculum and taught A+ and Network+ prep class to students. Taught technology and Microsoft
Office classes for teachers.
• Handled security issues and data recovery issues for IT department.
Mediaone / AT&T 6/1998 thru 1/2001 Customer Technical Support Team Lead
• Designed training programs for new equipment and technologies.
Involved in launch of Road Runner, and put together and trained team at site to handle HSD calls.
Trained and tracked team that accomplished 99 percent success rate. (99% of calls logged required in home visit for resolution)
Handled thousands of trouble calls escalated from other Support Specialists.
Gregory Tanana D.D.S. 9/1993 thru Present IT Manager
• Addressed HIPPA issues and electronic billing with Mass Health.
• Handled major data recovery project, restoring, formatting, and documenting thousands of erroneously deleted transactions for
insurance records.
• Managed launch of new software including digital imaging systems, as well as inhouse payment systems. Covering the PCI
DSS information and documentation along with PA DSS and PTS information. Also managed the adherence to Massachusetts
Personal Privacy regulations.
Brockton Hospital 9/1995 thru 6/1997 Security Manager
• Addressed all Security and Security Training issues for busy city hospital with locked Psych ward, and extremely busy
Emergency Room.
• Managed all aspects of Scheduling and staffing for 24x7x365 operation of Security system for City Hospital.
• Implemented new plans and policies in regards to staff and physical security, designed and taught personal safety classes for
staff.
• Lead team to rewrite and integrate new Restraint and Seclusion Policies for JCAHO. And prepped and trained staff for
audit.Which passed on first round with highest possible recommendations.

State Police Commission, Special Response Team, Tactical Response Team and Extraction Team Member.
Trained and certified in Hostage Negotiation and Crisis Management.

Certifications: A+, Network+, Security+, Digital Forensics, Disaster Recovery, MCP
Certification classes in A+, Network+, Security+, Digital forensics. HIPPA, Linux+, Microsoft Scripting, Adsi Scripting. MCSE with
Security, CCNA, Exchange 2003, Exchange 2007, Exchange 2010. Certified Ethical Hacker, CISSP.
Subject Matter Expert for Comptia in Security+
Invited as Subject Matter Expert for Comptia, in A+, Network+ and Security+, Server+ and Linux+.
Contact this candidate