Christopher L. Meibers
*** ********* *** *******, ** 34677 Tel 813-***-**** acpf3w@r.postjobfree.com

Senior Technology / Information Security Manager

Experienced professional in managing Information Security, GRC (Governance, Risk & Compliance) and Technology
concepts & practices. Possesses an excellent track record in managing teams and efforts resulting in successful project
completion or adherence to corporate security policies. Consistent track record in providing positive results contributing
to increased revenues & profits, reduced expenses and overall departmental coordination, teamwork & success.

Senior manager with a career highlighted by providing consistent value in achieving success in challenging
environments, building teams that work together as cohesive units and providing executives with a dependent resource
in its goal setting and expectations. Recognized for drive, determination, willingness to challenge the status quo, and for
outstanding leadership talents. Acknowledged for creating proactive business environments where team members can
be successful, and where synergies can be achieved in support of business objectives. Dedicated to goal attainment
and to giving unselfishly to others.

Highlights
• Enhanced corporate security health by Instituting, managing and administering the initial information security
program.
• Standardized software development by designing the division’s initial Software Development Life Cycle
(SDLC) program.
• Managed multiple development groups responsible for over 85% of Technology’s project deliverables.
Achieved a Customer Satisfaction Rating of 4.47 (out of 5), an On-Time Delivery exceeding 80% while
delivering projects within projected budgets over 77% of the time.
• Championed and spearheaded the effort to identify, classify and initiate all billing efforts for work completed by
Technology outside the scope of client contractual obligations. During the first 12 months over $850k in
potential revenue was recognized.
• Directed hand-selected development team to design, code, test, implement and support efforts associated with
company’s initial Database Marketing application. Opportunities created through this new service equated to
increased revenue, expanded client base and new relationships with global data brokers.

Key Qualifications
Leadership, Strategic Vision, Information Security, Project Management, Customer Service,
Budget Delivery, Auditing, Process Improvement, Vendor Negotiations, Risk Management,
Capital Expenditures, Resource Planning

Technology
Microsoft Office Suite, SQL, SAS, MS Project, Visio Technical, Quest/TOAD, PL/SQL Developer, Nessus, Nexpose,
Foundstone, Qualys, Rapid7, Tripwire, RSA enVision, RSA Security Analytics, Guardium, Hyperion, Citrix, IBM
WebSphere, JAVA, .NET, C+, COBOL
Databases
DB2, Oracle, MS SQL Server, MS Access

Career Experience

FIS, St.Petersburg, FL 2007 - Present
Director - Policy Office (InfoSEC & GRC)

Responsibilities - Oversee and administer all Information Security & GRC activities associated within the FIS Retail
division. Using the corporate Security Program policies & standards as the guideline, actions taken were to ensure
conformance to objectives set by the corporate Security, Privacy and Risk Management offices. Activities included GRC
efforts & oversight, Identity & Access Management, quarterly user access audits, technical controls oversight,
vulnerability scanning & patch management, “at rest” and “in transit” encryption, metrics gathering & reporting, Software
Development Life Cycle (SDLC), regulatory compliance, and architecture/infrastructure design oversight, change
management File Integrity Management (FIM) approval, privileged user logging & monitoring, operational continuity &
disaster recovery, incident response and asset management.
• Championed the vulnerability scanning and patch management processes and practices used by the FNIS
Retail division pertaining primarily Payment Card Industry (PCI) requirements resulting in no failed PCI audits
since its inception.
• Instituted a program whereby all data repositories hosting sensitive data were identified, assessed, classified
and assigned a security tier level. This venture included over 300+ separate database environments, shared
drives and SharePoint sites thereby enhancing the overall FIS data security.
• Spearheaded the FIS integration with IBM Guardium where processes were created to identify unauthorized or
suspicious activity relating to data and objects within its database environments. This went a long way in
helping to better secure the storage, handling and access of our sensitive “at rest” data.
• Presided over internal and external security audits since 2004 dealing with IT Controls, PCI, SSAE16,
Sarbanes-Oxley (SOX), FFIEC (banking industry), NACHA, Anti-Money Laundering (AML), etc.

Fidelity National Information Services, St.Petersburg, FL 2001 - 2007
Director - Application Development & Customer Implementations

Responsibilities - Accountable for the management of application development teams so that assigned projects were
projected to be completed on-time, within budget and met all design and functionality commitments. Also responsible for
Implementations Team whose sole purpose was to engineer new communication channels into the FIS network where
check transaction traffic could be transmitted, processed and returned. These circuits required load balancing, failover
and backup options to be built into the design to ensure merchant communications were not interrupted.

• Partnered with several character recognition technology companies to design and build an automated Claims
Data Entry system that resulted in average claims (bounced checks) processed per hour from 45 to over 100.
These improvements resulted in fewer manual errors, reduced staffing and overall expense savings of over
$700k annually.
• Accounted for the design, development, testing and implementation of the company’s first ACH Settlement
service. Since its inception, ACH-based relationships and services have resulted in $2BB annually in overall
settlement and added profits of over $5MM annually.

Certegy Check Services, St. Petersburg, FL 1997 - 2001
Director Customer Implementations

Responsibilities - Responsible for Implementations Team whose sole purpose was to engineer new communication
channels into the FIS network where check transaction traffic could be transmitted, processed and returned. These
circuits required load balancing, failover and backup options to be built into the design to ensure merchant
communications were not interrupted if one center experienced a problem.

GEAC Computers, Tampa FL 1984 - 1997
Senior Project Director

Responsibilities - Managed various cross-functional development teams on technology projects for a variety of
industries. Researched existing IT strategies to determine requirements and identified opportunities for improvement.
Created logical database design, wrote programs, created test plans, and executed test scripts. Conducted code
reviews of junior developers and administered source code control for development teams. Organized documentation
for client review and obtained client sign-off deliverables. Trained end users on new applications, managed junior
programmers and trained them in programming as well as client relations techniques.

• Supervised the development effort that allowed all existing corporate financial applications to support multi-
language and multi-currency capabilities. As a result, merchant target base was expanded to include global
organizations resulting in improved sales, higher revenues and increased application flexibility.
• Researched and scheduled the effort to migrate from a mainframe/COBOL based financial infrastructure to a
client-server environment centering on UNIX and SQL Server. Led the effort to rewrite installation and
migration procedures for both legacy and new merchants. Effort resulted in expanded market share, improved
overall sales, reduced maintenance costs for customer base and the introduction of newer technology into the
corporate environment.

Update Corporation, Cincinnati, OH 1980 - 1984
Word Processing Technician

Responsibilities - Installed and serviced CPT word processing equipment throughout the greater Cincinnati and
northern Kentucky area. Maintained a 6-month revolving maintenance schedule in addition to performing new installs
and emergency support.

U.S. Army, Giessen Germany 1976 - 1980
HAWK Missile Fire Control Specialist

Responsibilities - Maintained and supported the Electronic Control Central (ECC) Battery Control Center (BCC) and
electronic battery central used by the HAWK Missile low to medium targeting weapon system.

General Electric, Cincinnati, OH 1974 - 1975
Thorium Production Line Technician

Responsibilities - Served as a member of the GE Thorium production line that processed hi-grade thorium reactor
material.

Education & Professional Development

CISSP - Certified Information Systems Security Professional
CISM - Certified Information Security Manager
PMP - Project Management Professional
MSCD - Microsoft Certified Solutions Developer
AA Computer Science (1984) - University of Cincinnati (Summa Cum Laude)
Contact this candidate