CAROLYN BLASSINGILL

*** ********** ******
Hiram, GA.
30141
acui37@r.postjobfree.com
Home: 770-***-****
Mobile: 678-***-****

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

I am a performance driven IT Information Technology Specialist and Business Analyst with more than fifteen years of demonstrated accomplishments in telecommunication management, Information technology, and financials. I am highly organized self-motivated individual pursuing a challenging opportunity where I can leverage my diverse skill-sets. I am analytical, hands-on troubleshooting problem solver with demonstrated interpersonal skills and a proven track record of working with senior managers, stakeholders, and cross functional teams.Expertise is broad in scope, and includes the following skills:

Network Intrusion
Information Security GRC
Archer, DLP, RSA
UNIX & Linux Administrator
Policy & Procedures Manuals
Cybersecurity
Internet-Web Support
Risk Management
Client Service
Account Management

HARDWARE
Sun Sparc 2000,, RS6000, Network TCP/IP, Ubuntu Server, MacBook, Microsoft 2008 Server, Database
SOFTWARE
ADP Accounting &Financials, Risk Management, Test Director/ Quality Center, FileNet., DB2,Microsoft Windows
OPERATING SYSTEMS
MacBook OS Lion, IBM OS/2, NT, HP-UX, Sun Solaris, UNIX, Linux,
LANGUAGES
Java Scripting, PL/SQL, MYSQL

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

SunTrust Banks Inc. Atlanta, GA. 2010 – 2015

SunTrust Banks, Inc., with total assets of $178.2 billion on March 31, 2012, is one of the nation's leading financial services holding companies. The company’s mission is to help people and institutions prosper by providing financial services that meet the needs, exceed the expectations, and enhance the lives of our clients, communities, employees and ultimately our shareholders

Information Security Analyst

Provide support to the Information Security Officer (ISO) program and serve as the communications link to the line of business.
Responsible for the management of security incident process and implementation.
Investigate incidents, identify and monitor remediation plans.
Assist with preparation of information security policies, documentation and AWARE training.
Advises management of critical security issues that may affect clients and organization.
Performs procedures and assessments necessary to ensure the safety of the organizations information security assets and ensure users adhere to procedures to maintain security.
Responsible for Sox Compliance, HIPPA, GLBA and reporting of incidents to the Federal Reserve Bank.

T-Mobile, Atlanta, GA 2005- 2008

Analyst 3, Enterprise Test Project Lead
Coordinate testing with Developers, Project Manager, Business Analyst, Environment Services, and DBA to ensure and understand deliverables that transfers back to the Business as approved results. In addition, meet the Sarbanes Oxley audits as a deliverable product.

Review for approval Test Requirements, Impact Assessment & DPD.
Develop Test Strategy Plan and Test Estimates.
Stakeholders Liaison (Marketing, Business, Project Manager, Test Resources)
Increased revenues by 7 million by timely delivery of approved tested products.
Responsible for the coordination and deliverables of Unit Acceptance Testing.
Responsible for the Systems Development Life Cycle of the project.
Work with the Test Resources daily to meet deliverables deadline.
Troubleshoot defects for resolution.

Computer Learning Center for Kids Inc. Hiram GA 2003 - 2005

Owner and Operator of Computer Learning Center that provided computer training for children, adults, and senior citizens on how to keyboard, proper use of the internet, MS Email, Ms Word, MS Excel, MS Access. In addition, provided training to the unemployed, under employed, and private Corporations. Partnered with the public high schools in Paulding County to provide spelling and math tutoring for the after school program in support of the No Child Left Behind.

Hewlett Packer / Agilent Technologies, Kennesaw, GA 2000 - 2003

Global Product Web Support

Responsible for the maintenance and stability of the mission critical e-commerce global web sites for the US and International countries by identify problems, solutions and content updates.
Reduced global e-commerce web site downtime 60% by identifying critical issues and implemented new processes.
Reduced amount of time it takes for external global customers and delivery team to address customer needs and increased productivity by analyzing and implementing solutions.
Responsible for capturing, documenting and storage of global client documents according to customs regulations on import and export of electronic products. In addition, trained support staff.

ChoicePoint Inc. Alpharetta, GA. 1997 - 2000

UNIX System Administrator/ Product Support Specialist

Responsible for the implementation of Lotus Notes email company wide, server maintenance, and troubleshooting end user problems and training.
Responsible for server maintenance, backups, restores and evaluation of software upgrades, data integrity, and maintaining license agreements.
Collaborated with senior developers to identify where enhancements to the applications are needed to benefit the client and business process.
Responsible for the implementation of SLA client service agreements of products and services delivered.

NATIONSBANK, NA Norfolk, Virginia 1992 - 1997

Programmer Analyst/ System Administrator
IRA/CD Specialist/ Charge Back Analyst, UNIX System Administrator

Responsible for managing several midrange servers and initial testing of platforms designed for products. Analyzed, troubleshoot hardware/software / issues.

Responsible for the development and implementation of Vendor/Client smart card used at sporting events for POS purchases.
Responsible for accurate programming of credit card terminal, and on-site customer support training for various organizations and their products.
Led team of 15 banking associates and, provided accurate and timely information, to banking centers on individual retirement accounts and certificate of deposits for the customers.
Analyzed and resolved disputed credit card inquires for charge back transactions in a timely accurate manner according to Regulation Z.

Automatic Data Processing (ADP) Norfolk, Virginia 1986 - 1991

Account Executive
Traveled 60% to provide post-sales support and performed on-site system evaluations, software installation, and client training.

Increased sales 50% by suggesting value added products.
Led year-end tax filing training class for new and existing clients and ensured W2’s and 941’s processed as scheduled.
Performed accurate and timely delivery of payroll checks and service to the client.
Responsible for maintaining a satisfied client base of 500 with a 1% churn rate in 5 years

EDUCATION

B.S Degree Kennesaw State University, Kennesaw, Georgia – (May 9, 2012)
Major: Information Security and Assurance
A.A.S Degree Tidewater Community College, Virginia Beach, Virginia
Major: Telecommunications Management

PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT

Human Relations and Development, Technical Writing, Time Management, Effective Communication, Paraprofessional Teaching Certificate, Business Analysis ASPE, Mastering Test Plan Development & Design ASPE, Interpersonal Skills, Computer Forensics, Currently studying for the CISSP Certification, VP of Education for SunTrust Toastmasters District 44

Carolyn Blassingill

PAGE 4
Contact this candidate