Abdussalam A. Bashir
Dallas, Texas
Email: acx2gu@r.postjobfree.com
Tel: 214-***-****

SKILL
EXPERIENCE
Information Security Analyst
* + Years
CISA and CISSP
* + Years
Analytical and Problem Solving
10 + Years
SSL, SSH
10 + Years
TCP/IP, OSI
10 + Years

EDUCATION
New Mexico State University – Las Cruces, NM 1996
ME, Industrial Engineering

Old Dominion University – Norfolk, VA 1982
MS in Computer Science

Tripoli University – Tripoli, IA 1977
BS in Computer Science

CERTIFICATIONS
CISSP (ID#: 342487)
CISA (16129677)
Certified P5 and P-Series Administration and support for AIX 5l V5.3
Certified IBM system P-series Technical Sales Support
Certified Cloverleaf Level I, Level II primer, Level III

EXPERIENCE
Mr. Cooper (Former NationStar Mortgage) – Coppell, TX
Consulting/IT Project Manager/Business Analyst October 2015 – April 2016

Cleaning the security database by investigating all applications that feed to the database and find out the reasons the database get corrupted.
Auditing software license using asset core (asset core delivers comprehensive, automated IT asset management designed to help organizations control costs, maintain compliance, and reduce financial risks).
Wrote several Visual Basic programs to compare and extract data.

Navistar Enterprise Solutions – Dallas, TX February 2014 – October 2015
Information Security Analyst
Preformed Unix/Linux security audit
Preformed risk oriented audit
Developed and implemented information security policy, standards, and guidelines.
Developed and conducted the security awareness training program.

Central Bank of Libya – Tripoli, Libya November 2008 – April 2014
Chief Information Security Officer
Managed all aspects of information security at the bank.
Established the information security office.
Project manager in charge of the implementation PCI compliance.
SSH, SSL solutions.
Managed a team of five information security professionals who were responsible for safeguarding the bank's business and mitigating potential risks to its computing environment, assets and intellectual property.
Planned the yearly security budget ranged between from one to five million dollars.
Responsible for the business continuity and disaster recovery planning.
Managed Firewall, Checkpoint
Managed risk assessment and risk mitigation programs.
Ensure separation of duties of critical the operations such as SWIFT operations to prevent fraud.
Developed and managed the implementation of information security policies, standards, guidelines and procedures to ensure the ongoing practice of security as a process within the bank.
Developed a framework for auditing and ensuring compliance with bank's security policies.
Respond to the audit report with proper remedies.
Implemented and enforced security measures including VPNs, stronger encryption (e.g. change from DES to 3DES or AES wherever possible).
Created and managed the security awareness training program.
Managed several projects to ensure better access control, accountability, and log monitoring of the bank's systems.
Responsible for the business continuity and disaster recovery planning.
Ensured operational efficiency was aligned with business requirements.
In charge of Security planning and budgeting.
Conducted incident response for threats to the bank.
Ensure the backup site is up and running and the bank's operations could be restarted safely and reliably on the backup site (failover).
Provided support for the IT team on maintaining the high availability systems.
Ensured privileged accounts were monitored and the logs were saved.
Used Nessus as a security scanning tools.

Agathon Systems LTD – Tripoli, Libya April 2006 – November 2008
UNIX System Administrator/Manager
Installed and Configured HACMP for many critical applications.
Wrote the complete documentations for hardware and software configurations for over 15 servers.
SSH solutions.
Installed and upgraded AIX on different P5 servers’ platforms.
Troubleshoot hardware, software, and the networks.
Monitored systems performance, and resource utilization.
Performed backups and restores when needed.
Implemented IBM recommended security on all AIX servers.
Installed and administered Linux (Red hat and Mandriva) on personal computers.
Wrote Korn Shell, Perl, AWK, and SED scripts to automate repetitive tasks.
Managed the main and the backup datacenters

High Institute of Mechanical & Electrical Engineering – Hoon, Libya
Instructor July 2004 – January 2006
Taught Engineering Economy and Numerical Analysis college level courses

Parkland Health & Hospital Systems – Dallas, TX March 1997 – March 2003
System Programmer
Worked as a system administrator in a complex environment, with more than 36 RS/6000 systems including two SP frames with two switches and ten nodes and more than 600 desktops connected through the network to the IBM servers running Aix 4.3.x with Oracle as the main database.
SSH solutions.
Managed TCP/IP protocol suite and OSI
Install and upgrade Aix on different RS6000 platform.
Troubleshoot systems hardware and software.
Monitor systems performance and resource utilization.
Perform backup and restore when needed.
Troubleshoot the network.
Write Korn Shell, AWK, SED, and Perl scripts to automate repetitive tasks.
In charge of the interface engine (Cloverleaf) for message exchange between different department in Parkland Hospital.
On call for technical support.
In charge of planning, documenting and implementing the business continuity plan and disaster recovery procedures.
In charge of implementing security audit requirements, including user's login and passwords restrictions, access and remote login controls.

Healthcare Communication, INC – Dallas, TX August 1996 – March 1997
Technical Instructor
In charge of training customers on all levels of Cloverleaf.
Certified Cloverleaf Level I, Level II primer, Level III.
Advance network integration and security, Unix System Administrations, and HL7.
This involves TCP/IP configurations, troubleshooting Perl scripting and TCL/TK programming and testing.

TECHNICAL SUMMARY
Computer Science: Software Engineering, Computer Networks, Network Security, Computational Complexity, Relational Database, Fiber Optics, Computer Graphics, and Analysis of Algorithms.

Optimization: Operation Research, Linear, Non-linear, and Integer programming.

Cryptography: SSH, SSL

Protocol Suite: TCP/IP, OSI

High Level Languages: C, KSH, Tcl, Perl, SED, AWK, and HTML.

Microsoft Office: Word, PowerPoint, MS Project, Access, and Excel.

Standards: PCI, NIST, FISMA, SOX, COBIT

Firewall: Checkpoint

Tools: Nessus, Splunk

TRAINING
GUIDANCE, Malaysia, March 2014
CCNA

FIREBRAND, London, United Kingdom
CISSP boot camp, Jan 2009

CMA, Tripoli
RTGS/ACH Administration: RTGS, Real Time Gross Settlement systems is a settlement technique for high value inter-bank fund transfers.
ACH, Automatic Clearing House is a payment clearing system for the bulk processing of electronic credit and debit transfers initiated by banks or their customers.
RTGS/ACH security, PKI implementation, and Certification Authority.
RTGS/ACH Advanced Administration

HPS, Tripoli
ATM/Point of Sale (POS) administration: This training is fundamental for the national switch project, where all the national Bank’s ATM transactions get processed. This project interfaces with RTGS and ACH systems for settlements.

IBM, Dallas, Texas
AIX version 4 System Administration (Q1114).
AIX version 4 Advanced System Administration and Security (Q1116).
AIX Version 4 Configuring TCP/IP and Accessing the Internet (Q1107).
RS/600 SP Overview, Planning and Installation (Q1091).
RS/600 SP System Administration and Security (Q1096).
RS/600 SP Network Performance and Tuning Workshop (Q1197).
RS/600 SP Problem Determination (Q1193).
AIX Version 4 HACMP System Administration (Q1050).
Contact this candidate