Robert Payne
** ******* ****** • Thomasville, NC 27360 • Cell 859-***-**** • acyc0n@r.postjobfree.com
Multifaceted technical career with 20-year track record of innovation and success
Customer-centric and technically sophisticated hands-on manager with proven track record delivering positive financial impact to the bottom line through innovative technology solutions. Dedicated to aligning IT with business initiatives..
Core Competencies:
LAN/WAN Design, Optimization, and Administration Server Virtualization, SAN Administration
Cisco Routers, Switches and Call Manager VoIP IT Information Security
End User Support Executive Level Communication
Research, Analysis, and Budget Justification IT Team Building and Supervision
Positive Mental Attitude, Flexible, and Driven To Find A Better Way Vendor Management
Professional Experience
Piedmont Advantage Credit Union – Winston Salem, North Carolina (2015 – Present)
Vice President Information Technology:.
Responsible for managing a staff of 5 employees.
Responsible for the development and maintenance of the Information Security Program
Responsible for Chairing the Information Security Team
Responsible for vendor and consultant management.
Responsible for annual IT budget.
Responsible for the core XP2 environment
Responsible for all IT network infrastructure and communications systems
Responsible for incident and problem resolution.

Previous Experience
New Breed Logistics – Greensboro, North Carolina (2012 – 2015)
ITIL / ISO Program Coordinator:.
Responsible for Coordinating the ISO 20000 Information Service Management initiative.
Responsible for Coordinating the ISO 27001 Information Security initiative.
Responsible for Coordinating the ISO 22301 Business Continuity initiative.

First Federal Bank – Lexington, Kentucky (2006 – 2010, 2012)
Vice President Information Technology Manager / IT Director
Contributions:
Improved end user productivity and morale by restructuring and modernized IT
Delivered $25,000+ annual savings beginning year one
Aligned IT with business initiatives by holding a Senior Management position and actively advising the President and Board
Enabled strategic business initiatives while improving end-user performance 1,200%+ by implementing, designing an 3MB MPLS Wide Area Network to 8 locations, utilizing and managing multiple vendors.
Improved communication and savings by implementing and administering a Cisco Voice Over IP System.
Reduced current and future operating costs by implementing Server Virtualization and SAN technology
Mitigated risk by implementing network security technologies
Mitigated risk by implementing a Business Continuity/Disaster Recovery solution
Responsible for managing vendor relationship with core provider.
Responsible for managing core conversion from Harland Financial to OSI.
Responsible for key roles for establishing a new building headquarters and branch locations
Recruited, managed, and participated in the professional development of one IT person
Met a ‘zero downtime’ goal during a corporate office relocation
Forged relationships with strategic IT partners

Forcht Bank – Lexington, Kentucky (2010 – 2012)
Information Security/Disaster Recovery Manager-Project Manager
Contributions:.
Build an Information Security Program utilizing ISO 27002.
Responsible for Training employees on Information Security Awareness.
Responsible for Managing the vendor testing of the Information Security Program.
Organized, managed, and brought closure to numerous projects utilizing numerous departments and vendors
Responsible for Disaster Recovery Site infrastructure MPLS, EMC SAN, Server Replication.
Responsible for Disaster Recovery planning, documentation, and reporting.
Responsible for Disaster Recovery life cycle including risk assessment, BIA, RTO, planning, documentation and reporting.

Kaba Mas Corporation – Lexington, Kentucky System Analyst (1996 – 2000), IT Manager (2000 – 2006)
Managed a 7 member IT team in support of the company.
Responsible for all IT network infrastructure and communications systems
Met a ‘4 hour’ goal during a corporate office relocation
Responsible for IT Security for DOD ‘Secret’ contract.
Managed, Designed, Implemented, and Administrator a 30 network server environment.
Responsible for assisting in relocation to a new location for the business.
Reduced current and future operating costs by implementing Server Virtualization and SAN technology

Additional IT and IT Management experience includes Kaba Mas Corporation, Lexmark International, and Long John Silvers Corporation.

Educational Background

Bachelor of Science, Computer Security 1995, Eastern Kentucky University-Richmond, Kentucky
Certification in ISO 20000 Foundation-Current 2/2013
Contact this candidate