Page * of *
Devendra Rautela acymh5@r.postjobfree.com
InfoSecurity / IT Infrastructure & Operations Professional +1-346-***-**** PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
Dynamic, trusted and strategic solutions provider with 10+ years of leadership roles in InfoSecurity, Infra-Net, Integration and Application program/project management. Foundation of 15 years in service delivery of complex IT solutions, System integration and ITIL based ServiceDesk to enhance the efficiency, productivity and security of client environments.
Certified - Qualified Information Security Professional (QISP), Prince2 Practitioner, MSP Practitioner, P3O Practitioner and ITIL Intermediate (OSA, RCV, CSI, SOA).
Trusted member to sponsors, stakeholders and board from “conception to delivery” through initiation, planning, budgeting, execution, control, close and alignment of IT goals to business.
Expert in delivery focused project/program management, risk assessment & mitigation plans, process development, problem solving, conflict resolution, nurturing people and exploit tech for usability.
Breadth of knowledge in IT Systems, Infrastructure & InfoSecurity to communicate across organization levels and bridge between stakeholders to develop initiatives and strategic roadmap.
Referred and used Security Governance: NIST / FIPS, HIPAA, PCI DSS, ISO, SOX, GLB, CobiT, ITIL for client projects (current assessment and future recommendations).
Managed teams in co-location, satellite offices and virtual offices within onsite, off-shore and offsite models for internal teams, partners & vendors from US, EU, UK, ME, India, Sri Lanka & Vietnam.
Mentored and empowered teams with collaborative approach, delegation (sense of ownership) and deliver continuous improvements in a consistent and effective manner.
Designed, developed, implemented & supported lifecycle of Privileged Access Management (PAM) in the areas of directory services, workflow, security, provisioning & compliance. COMPETENCIES
IT Infra-Net, InfoSec, Application Development & Integration End to End Delivery (Turnkey Solution) Organizational Development and Operational Excellence Service Delivery and Support Stakeholder Management and Customer Engagement Team Collaboration (Direct and Matrix) Program, Product, Project Management Partnerships Portfolio Management Communication (verbal, written, presentation) Quality, Financial & Budget Management Microsoft Office, Microsoft Project and Visio etc. SDLC, Waterfall, Agile User Acceptance Testing, Quality Assurance Requirement Gathering, Project Planning CERTIFICATIONS
Certified ITIL® Intermediate (RCV, OSA, SOA, CSI)
Certified PRINCE2® Practitioner Certificate in Project Management Certified MSP® Practitioner Certificate in Managing Successful Programmes Certified P3O® Practitioner in Portfolio, Programme and Project Office Qualified Information Security Professional Course (QISP)® Certified COBIT® 5 Foundation
TECHNOLOGIES USED
.NET, C#, Visual Studio, ASP, Windows Mobile, VBScript, JavaScript, Java, XML, HTML, CSS, SOAP, Cloudera, Hadoop, R, Hive and Pentaho
Windows, Unix, Linux, VMWare, SQL, Cisco, Oracle, Bartender, Crystal Report, Office365 Servers, Storage, EMC Data Domain, Barracuda load balancer, APC UPS, Switches, Routers, Firewalls, Wi-Fi controller, APs, Primera & Intermec printers, LAN/Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and 3G Data communication RFID/AIDC: UHF tags, HF tags (Mifare), Handheld and vehicle mount devices, OEM GPS, loadcell. Page 2 of 6
TRAININGS
Enterprise IT Governance Training Seminar
Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP) CBK® Training Seminar Certified Cloud Security Professional (CCSP) CBK® Training Seminar Cyber Security Operations Specialist (CSOS)® Training Seminar Computer Hacking Forensics Investigator (CHFIv8®) Training Seminar Project Management Professional (PMP®) Training Seminar Certification in Outsourcing Management for IT (COMIT Associate®) Training Seminar TECHNICAL SKILLS
IT Systems, Infrastructure, Network, ITIL based ServiceDesk, Business Continuity, Disaster Recovery Regulatory Compliance and Risk Management (Lumension) Identity Management (Dell One Identity Manager and Sailpoint) Virtualization & Storage solutions (Microsoft, VMWare, EMC) DLP - Data Loss Prevention, Web Security, Email Security (EdgeWave, CISCO) Endpoint Security, Vulnerability Assessment & Remediation (Microsoft, Lumension) Privileged Password, Session, Command Mgmt. (eDMZ / CyberArk) & Least Access Mgmt. (Avecto) RFID/AIDC solutions - Active/Passive (Intermec/Honeywell, Motorola, InfinitID, SAG, Vanch, Chainway) Threat Intelligence and Management, DoS, DDoS (ThreatSTOP, Prolexic, McAfee) EMPLOYMENT HISTORY
Huntington National Bank, Columbus (OH) September 2016 – Present Project Manager (RBAC Project), Consultant
Implemented role-based access control (RBAC) as part of Sarbanes-Oxley (SOX) remediation and security uplift efforts. This instills Least Privileged Access ideal, so role members only have the access required to complete their role. It also compliments the holistic security and audit functions for Segregation of Duties (SoD). The project is to remediate assets across distributed infrastructure including Windows, Unix (RHEL, SUSE, AIX) platforms and SQL & Oracle Databases.
The project life cycle includes current state identification of assets and applications, which qualify for RBAC. Interview the Business/Application owner for user list and access requirement. Define ResourceGroup and Roles in accordance to Organisation standard naming convention. Translate all inputs into the predefined excel sheet and seek approval from all stakeholders. Coordinate with IDM team to assign Roles & ResourceGoups in NetIQ. Pre-validate the information and request for required permission to access the designated servers. Based on batches, schedule the permissioning activity, conduct SAT followed by UAT. In case of defects, record them into Quality Centre and follow through with respective action owners to bring defects to closure with evidence.
Validate the requirements and current state of setup during Due Diligence Phase.
Documented the current state ProcessFlow, improvised further to cut down lags and better turnaround time through automation of manual activities by introducing scripts for repetitive tasks.
Showcase the progress and project status to the stakeholders, defend the same to CIO during weekly calls (if the progress status reaches Yellow / Red) and come up with Go To Green (GTG) plan.
Worked closely with all stakeholders and support teams (OS Platform, IDAM, CyberArk, App, DevOps)
Managed Onsite & Offshore teams and liaise with team-leads for actual schedules and data inputs to consolidate efforts and deliverables.
Planned RBAC deployment on designated assets as schedules and ensured adherence from Go/No Go calls to conclude successful UAT.
Developed project dashboard, presented weekly status reports to sponsors, executives and other key project stakeholders.
Managed the complete RBAC Lifecycle as envisaged. Page 3 of 6
Global IT Experts, Inc October 2013 – August 2016
Project Manager (Senior Consultant)
Directed and managed projects within infrastructure operations, standards design, solution development and project management. Aligned infrastructure strategies, IT solutions, and operations goals with overarching organizational objectives and defined business requirements. Oversaw and coordinated for infrastructure footprint, IT assets, facilities, business applications consolidation, and vendor management.
Led strategic program to build and optimize regional IT infrastructure and services, including current phased initiative to consolidate resources and asset management.
Created business case for enhancement to Privileged Identity Management (Session & Application) and Identity & Access Management project, presented to the sponsor (CIO) and board for approval and facilitated to secured funding for the project.
Oversaw strategic program to build an enterprise security architecture framework including Voice and data focusing on Privileged Identity Management (PIM) and cloud security.
Integrated HRMS for user onboarding. Configured Birth Rights, created dynamic rules, designed workflows, attestation process, application onboarding and request/approval workflow.
Identified and delivered strategies to bridge gaps between business and technology perspectives. Developed management dashboards on CRM and ITSM data.
Strengthened global IT security while reducing operating costs by leading project to evaluate, plan, and introduce COTS solutions for standard email, web and infra security solutions across organization.
Bolstered protection of sensitive data (DLP) with multi-layer security features and controls by introducing encryption over email (SaaS) and other access controls.
Established technology governance and performance management framework, including infrastructure engineering standards, formal PMO with project management standard & OLA/SLA performance metrics Mindwave Solutions Pte Ltd, Singapore October 2011 – September 2015 Program Director
Key member of leadership team, trusted advisor to the board of directors on technological matters to solve business issues. Introduced COTS products within solutions offering for Identity & Access management, Privileged Password Management, Infra capacity planning, budgeting and services portfolio. Participated in creation of RFIs / RFPs and evaluation of vendor proposals to best suit the Techno-commercially viable offer.
Lead techno-commercial angles for project proposals, execution and delivery for group companies
(system integration, InfoSecurity, RFID/AIDC, data analytics and healthcare).
As Executive sponsor, accomplished product development life cycle for Remote Patient Monitoring System to improve elderly care by combining the data from sensor based wearable and analytics for vital parameters (ECG, heart rate, temp, BP, SPO2 and fall). www.youtube.com/watch?v=G0PvTbuBd0s
Successfully delivered turnkey project on data analytics for transport authority worth $1M. Addressing fare discrepancy complaints from commuters and identifying fault trends was a key challenge. Implemented big data analytics solution which analysed 15 million records of daily data, improved investigation time from 15 days to few mins and enabled device predictive maintenance.
Designed, developed and implemented Singapore’s 1st “identity-based medicine distribution management system (MDMS)” on RFID/barcode technology. Deployed across four homes to track caregiver, patient, location, medicine dose and time with escalation mechanism.
Conceived, proposed and implemented turnkey program worth $2M of projects in Singapore public waste collection market. The solution is designed for hosted on premise and/or SaaS model, delivering near real time visibility of the collection process to address complete operational visibility of solid waste collection for public waste collectors and NEA.
Successfully integrated “Spine Labelling” project for NLB. The book receipt to label printing process at NLB was manual, involving multiple disparate applications. We offered comprehensive application automatically triggering ‘on-demand’ print upon scanning the material barcode and enabled efficient distribution of library materials.
Conceived RFID-based cylinder tracking for a robust, local and secure read-write data cache holding up-to-date-information. When the cylinder is loaned out, sent for refilling/maintenance or returned to the plant, the RFID tag is scanned and information is sent to the integrated, central system. This allows easy review of the gas cylinders’ availability, physical location and operational status, resulting efficient and productive supply chain process.
Developed and delivered Ergo@WSH, first mobile application (Win, iOS & Android) by WSH Institute
(MOM) to identify, evaluate and monitor ergonomic hazards in the workplace, and provided recommendations to prevent musculoskeletal disorders. Page 4 of 6
Created in-house practice and SMEs for RFID/AIDC, data analytics along with systems infrared. Inculcated continuous learning culture to keep the team abreast of latest technological enhancements and deliver solutions.
Partnered EMC, IBM, Dell, McAfee, CISCO, Quanta, A*Star, Intermec/Honeywell, Motorola/Zebra, VoltDB, iTagSys, InfiniteID, SAG for M2M and IoT.
Aspirant Technologies Pte Ltd, Singapore January 2008 – September 2011 Project Director
Established solutions portfolio for Commercial Off The Shelf (COTS) InfoSecurity solutions related to Identity and Access Management, web security, e-mail security, vulnerability assessment, patch & remediation, network access control, threat monitoring and ServiceDesk. Created strategic road map, embedded collaborative leadership to establish Aspirant a customer focused, IT security solution provider. Took part in bidding process to finalize the RFP and work closely with SMEs & solution architects to conceive best solution.
Championed and drove the project delivery of Identity Access Management (Provisioning & De- provisioning) and Privileged Identity Management (Password, Session, Command, Application), IAM components such as solutions for authentication, authorization, identity provisioning, role based access control, physical security and audit and monitoring solutions
Implemented complete project lifecycle for IAM & PIM (password, session and command) for Airport Authority Hong Kong, Hong Leong Bank, Ford Logistics & CrimsonLogic to improve InfoSecurity, adherence to compliance, forensic tool, training, troubleshooting & audit.
Planned and successfully executed evaluation/POC (Proof of concept) for niche technologies to address current challenges or gaps in IT environment, work with vendors for product demonstrations, supplier/buyer group to create RFI/SOW and SME group for skill assessment. Successfully conducted POCs for Privileged Identity management (PIM) at Barclays Technology Centre, OCBC Bank, RHB Bank.
Created secure and compliant strategies for Identity and Access Management (IAM), roles based access control (RBAC), on-boarding application within standards, strengthening user access approval processes, simplifying user access provisioning processes, and streamlining certification processes.
Developed and supported operational framework for Privileges Account Management
Offered expertise in workflow, policy and external integration with IAM tool.
Acted as an escalation point for the team and SMEs to remove barrier that prevent IAM policies and processes from moving forward.
Worked closely with OEM partner to ensure that the requirements are documented, translated and delivered as envisaged during implementation and operationalization.
Created partner alliances and distribution network with e-DMZ, Meetinghouse, Airdefense, Avecto, Passlogix, EdgeWave, Lumension, Portnox, ThreatSTOP, and VersaDev.
Successfully implemented ITIL-based help desk Solution for Ultratech Cement (Aditya Birla Group) with problem, escalation management and SLA. The customer was unable to maintain complete lifecycle of any incident, problem or SLA as per the policy. After implementing VersaSRS for 10,000+ users distributed in 25+ locations throughout the country, management could view the centralized reports of all the open/pending and closed tickets in a single window.
Successfully implemented ITIL-based service desk and secured multiyear maintenance contract from ABB, Nanyang Technological University, Asiatel, British Council, Kelly Services, Siltronic, and PT SocFin.
Offered internet access management and web security for Marina Bay Sands (Singapore), Cabot Corporation across locations in Asia Pacific (Malaysia, India, Indonesia, Japan and China) and CCL Label
(Thailand) as they wanted to ensure their network is safe and not used for malicious activities. Implemented iPrism (appliance-based URL filtering and web security solution).
To address the challenge towards “Management of Access Control and authentication within the wired/wireless network” for Charles Sturt University (Australia), proposed and implemented Meetinghouse Aegis (network authentication software with 802.1x supplicant). The similar solution was replicated at AirQuay (South Korea).
Chartered Semiconductor Mfg. Ltd, Singapore December 1999 – December 2007 ITIL ServiceDesk Manager
Aligned ServiceDesk operations to Infrastructure strategies, IT solutions and Operations overarching organizational goals. Oversaw and coordinated for infrastructure footprint, IT assets, facilities, business applications consolidation, and vendor management. Managed the production support of IT Infrastructure & Operations for Chartered Semiconductor (6 wafer foundries in Singapore) with 5000+ end users and 100+ IT department users.
Page 5 of 6
Proposed and implemented ITIL-based help desk solution from VersaDev (incident management, service request, workflow management, SLAs, escalations and self-service), CTI with existing PABX.
Managed Production Support and Maintenance (BAU projects) SupportDesk operations through the team
(Agents to receive calls & Field Engineers), SMEs and vendors to manage L3 escalations.
Resolved challenges within agreed SLA for OS, application software, infrastructure, network, and communication. Migrated Novell Netware to Windows without affecting production environment.
Reported break-fix trends, SLAs and scheduled downtimes to management. Reviewed, implemented and enforced guidelines and policies for IT systems, infrastructure, network, and applications.
Created and reviewed OLAs and SLAs in close coordination with BUs requirements and monitored the performance matrix from Response and Turnaround Time perspective.
Responsible for consolidation of ServiceDesk Matrix. Publish & present to sponsor and stakeholder.
Coordinate / Facilitate Change control and participate in CCB meetings.
Document and maintain policies, processes, SOPs, skill groups, ownership & escalation matrix.
Analyze data and provide inputs to respective SME groups towards SIP and CSI initiatives.
Resource allocations, budget administration and quality with a focus on reducing cost per ticket.
Designed, facilitated, and implemented cross-training programs and automation to improve productivity & efficiency within system to achieve “First Contact Resolution”.
Identified and delivered strategies to bridge gaps between business and technology perspectives. Developed management dashboards on ITSM data.
Unicorp Group, India & Singapore November 1992 – November 1999 Service Delivery Manager, IT Manager (Services & Integration) Led Technical Support Team of 15 engineers for system integration and responsible for Managed Services P&L, Partner Management, Test & repair center and SupportDesk.
Promoted to lead ASEAN Tech support, vetting proposal (BOM) & procurement coordination.
Established spares resource mobilization across the region for CPQ, SEAGATE & APPLE products in line with policy. Escalation support for region and coordinated with principal partners for tech. solution/proposals.
Responsible for partner management, system integration, IT help desk, skill management and training.
Successfully implemented State Bank of India Branch computerization (systems infrastructure & networking) at Lucknow, Kanpur, Varanasi in record time utilizing resources at multiple sites and secured multiyear maintenance contract with a strict SLA.
Acquired Compaq authorized service provider status for Uttar Pradesh and established test and repair center to support regional and remote locations for Unicorp brand of PCs/ servers.
Installed and networked Compaq desktop and servers in Uttar Pradesh under Government of India Import exemption scheme for Allahabad, Lucknow, BHU and G. B. Pant University of Ag. & Tech. PCS Data General India Limited, India April 1990 – October 1992 IT Support Engineer
Extended pre and post sales training and technical support for products to channel partners and direct customer.
Groomed and equipped support staff on network OS Netware/ SCO/Windows and server hardware.
Managed pre and post sales support for PCs (Intel based 8086/8088/80286 hardware) and peripherals. EDUCATION
MBA, Marketing and Operations S P Jain School of Global Management Bachelor in Computing University of Portsmouth
AWARDS
Best Technology for Operational Efficiency - Identity based Medical Distribution Management System M2M Communications - Various sensor integration and data analytics within turnkey solutions Midas Touch Asia - Integrating M2M solutions with proprietary analytics platform for visualization, predictive & statistical modelling.
Page 6 of 6
SPEAKING ENGAGEMENTS
Smart Cities - Driving innovation in Singapore
M2M/Sensor based Waste management solution with Track and Trace How to implement GS1 Standards & Solutions?
Unlocking the Power of RFID, Analytics and Wireless/Wired Technology Powering Business Growth with RFID
Identity-based Medical Dispensation and Remote Patient Management Improving healthcare workflows in step-down care scenario
Contact this candidate