ROBIN L. PARKES
774-***-****
acytpr@r.postjobfree.com

EXPERIENCE

Computershare
An Australian stock transfer company that provides corporate trust, stock transfer and employee share plan services in a number of different countries.

Senior Role Based Access Control Specialist July 2014 to April 2016
Coordinated a multi-group collaboration to enhance Computershare’s onboarding process. Worked with multiple departments to begin the strategy of creating roles and responsibilities to improve Computershare’s onboarding process of new employees from a manual process to an automated process.
Developed process and procedures for building departmental roles for onboarding.
Closed out Active Directory audit findings pertaining to data and network access control.
Verify corporate users and 3rd party vendors have proper access matching approved certification in SailPoint.

Computershare
Security Technical Advisor March 2013 through June 2014

Work with Business units and Technology specialists to complete application risk assessments using Computershare’s Risk Analysis Methodology (CRAM). Analyze risk assessments against Computershare’s policies and standards and communicate findings and acquire agreement on acceptance or remediation with technology and business stakeholders. Respond to client inquiries in regards to Information Security by working with the Relationship Manager or meeting with clients directly.

Hosted Information Security clinics that assisted Computershare employees with projects, processes, or questions in regards to Information security.
Worked with Global Threat and Vulnerability Management Teams and IT partners for the identification and remediation of issues from the various testing efforts.
Continued support to the Security Administration Team for application onboarding process for Certification. Acted as liaison to business and technical teams.
Compiled all applications across Computershare to perform a business criticality analysis to determine risk levels per application.

Computershare September 2000 through March 2013
IT Security Analyst

Provided management of application recertification process working with business and technical partners including internal and external audit. Performed reporting function to external audit. Worked with Strategic Initiatives in support of SSAE-16, AT 101 and financial audit field work. Provided evidence for controls for which IT Security is responsible.

Assist and participate in the Global Awareness Campaign
Deployed SailPoint and on boarded several applications to EMEA and Oceania regions.
Participated as a key contributor in the SailPoint IIQ Proof of Concept and Implementation Project Maintained, facilitated and oversaw that all certifications (manual and Sailpoint IIQ) are 100% complete and on time.
Administered Sailpoint and Manual certification processes
Enhanced end to end certification process as necessary.
Primary Sailpoint IIQ certification administration
Assisted in implementing Sailpoint IIQ upgrades including testing.
Worked with Strategic Initiatives in support of SSAE-16, AT 101 and financial audit field work. Provided evidence for controls for which IT Security is responsible.
Access Reviews for Applications, Servers, Databases, Production Code Directories, Badges and the Data Center.
Trouble shoots any issues identified by PWC.
Trained new employees on departmental operations
Maintained department documentation

TRAINING
GIAC SANS Introduction to Information Security, April 2015
Sailpoint Implementer Training, June 2012
RACF Administration Training, April 2004
Contact this candidate