FRANK SARMIENTO
**** ** **** *** *** *** Miami, FL 33166 (786) 863 - 5153 aczckq@r.postjobfree.com

Systems Engineer

PROFILE

Systems Engineer with significant experience in Project Management, Supply Chain Management, Data/Statistical Analysis, Quality Initiatives, and Manufacturing. Comprehensive understanding of Oracle SQL, Data Mining and Analysis, Process Improvement, and In-depth knowledge of the latest principles, best practices, and methodologies for assessing emerging technologies, and their impact on objectives, strategies and current systems. Unique combination of technological expertise and leadership abilities with proven ability to drive results through implementing effective strategies and corrective actions that increase efficiencies and decrease costs.

CORE STRENGTHS
Program and Project Management Best Practices Implementation
Total Quality Management Initiatives Change Management and Cost Reduction Initiatives
Operational Analysis & Corrective/Preventative Actions Process Control Systems & Continuous Improvement
Supply Chain Management

TECHNICAL SKILL SUMMARY

Oracle SQL, Microsoft SQL Server, Active Directory, Oracle Identity Manager, VMware, Cognos, Microsoft Office Suite, MS Project, MS Visio, Solid Works, Hyperion, ITIL, CA Clarity. CA Service Desk, HP Webinspect, Data Analysis, Statistical Analysis and Workflow Analysis.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Multiservicios – Miami, FL September 2016 – January 2017
IT Manager

Provided all IT project management, design planning, and integration for small businesses
Executed the installation and configuration of secure LAN/WAN for 15 locations,
Installed Windows Servers and setup clients for proprietary applications. Provided Tier 1 and Tier2 support for over 100 users
Lead engineer for all store openings.
Front and Back Office POS setup

TracFone Wireless – Miami, FL January 2011 – December 2015
Information Security Analyst

Participated in information security projects with the goal of performing them on-time, on-budget and with the highest quality standards. Ensured that new company initiatives/projects and Business Change Requests (BCRs) were evaluated for their security impact and that proper security requirements and guidance were provided to maintain the company’s security posture.
Directly involved in the implementation, daily maintenance, and troubleshooting of TracFone’s Identity Management Solution (Oracle Identity Manager)
Directed the provisioning of users to several applications and evaluated roles for provisioning and produced entitlement reports for periodic review.
Represented the Information Security Group as the information security and technical Subject Matter Expert in meetings with business owners, technical groups and outside vendors.
Ensured that SOX Controls pertaining to the Information Security Group were consistently executed to ensure compliance.
Assisted in the development and maintenance of Information Security Policies & Procedures as necessary to address technology changes, business needs and evolving security threats.
Developed new and/or modified existing security controls, processes, policies and procedures in accordance with changes in laws or regulations.
Performed regular security assessments of internal processes and systems, recommended mitigating actions and Identified potential areas where information security policies and procedures required change or where new ones needed to be developed.
Performed security assessments of 3rd party technology solutions.
Worked with other departments to define role based access controls, segregation of duties, and implement secured business processes.
Planned, designed, documented, implemented, and administrated security controls which safeguarded access to information technology services while minimizing the impact to users.

TracFone Wireless – Miami, FL October 2008 – December 2011
Manager NOC

Supervised a team of 10 first level technicians and 5 desktop support technicians supporting over 800 users for issues pertaining to network level support, WAN & LAN connectivity, routers, firewalls, Active Directory, DNS and security.
•Responsible for the improvement of answer rates and resolution rates within 1st year.
•Performed analysis on Service Desk data to determine trends and early problem identification strategies.
•Responsible for investigating repetitive and systemic issues to determine root cause and work with functional teams to determine resolution strategy and the implementation of solutions.
•Conducted post-mortem analysis on missed service level standards.
•Initiated team training projects that enhanced the quality or efficiency of support desk service.
•Managed service level agreements with the customer and ensured commitments were met.

NOC Engineer October 2004– October 2008

•Provided problem resolution to resolve user requests before routing tickets onto second-level through the efficient use of troubleshooting tools such as remote control, system administration tools and remote application deployment methods.
•Provided production support to line of business applications and services.
•Handled license tracking and documentation for both workstation and servers.
•Provided support for Cell Phones and Smart Phone and Tablets computers for executive management.

EDUCATION

Bachelor of Science Degree– Montclair State University, Montclair, NJ May 1996
Contact this candidate