William Maupin
San Diego, California, United States

ad0qa2@r.postjobfree.com
linkedin.com/in/william-m-51a394a3

Summary
I currently work for the United States Navy as an Information Systems Technician Chief Petty Officer.
My first post, in January 2007, was to the USS PINCKNEY (DDG 91) where I served as the lead network administrator for the classified and unclassified networks.
In March 2011 I transferred to the Navy Information Operations Center, Hawaii, where I served as the Automated Information Systems supervisor, I led a team of 18 in support of the National Security Agency/Central Security Service.
In June of 2012 I transferred to the Naval Computer Telecommunications Area Master Station, Hawaii, where I served as a Command Center Communications Operator in support of the Navy Pacific Commander.
In June of 2014 I transferred to the USS STERETT (DDG 104) where I currently serve as the Information
Assurance Manager, responsible for the overall security and readiness of classified and unclassified Information Systems.
In November of 2019 I transferred to Navy Blue Team San Diego where I served as the Leading Chief Petty Officer (LCPO) of the Web Risk Assessment division.
In May of 2021 I transferred to the USS Theodore T. Roosevelt (CVN 71) where I served as the LCPO of the Network Security Division as well as the Information Systems Security Manager.
In September of 2023 I transferred to Expeditionary Warfare Training Group Pacific where I currently serve as the LCPO of the N6 Joint Expeditionary Warfare Lab.

Experience
US NAVY
Various Locations
Jul 2006 - Present (17 years, 3 months)
Host
Tony Roma's
Jan 2004 - Jul 2005 (1 year 7 months)

Education
La Quinta High School
High School
2002 - 2006

Licenses & Certifications
Security + - CompTIA
Network + - CompTIA
Issued Jan 2013 - Expires Jan 2016
70-290: MANAGING AND MAINTAINING A MICROSOFT WINDOWS SERVER 2003
ENVIRONMENT - Microsoft

Skills
Team Leadership • Customer Service • Cybersecurity • Technical Support • Information Assurance
• Network Security • Network Administration • Cisco Technologies • Computer Hardware • Windows
Server
Honors & Awards
Navy and Marine Corps Achievement Medal - Secretary of the Navy
Jan 2010
FOR - Professional achievment in the superior performance of his duties while serving as lead network
systems administrator onboard USS PINCKNEY (DDG 91) from July 2009 to March 2010. Petty Officer
Maupin performed his duties in an exemplary and highly professional manner. He expertly maintained
140 administrative workstations, eight Integrated Shipboard Networking System switches and six
COMPOSE servers at the maximum state of readiness throughout deployment to the Seventh and Fifth
Fleet area of responsibility, His effort ensured the flawless operation of tactical and non-tactical systems
throughout a highly successful 2009 western pacific deployment. Petty Officer Maupin's exceptional
professionalism, unrelenting perseverance and loyal devotion to duty reflected credit upon himself and
were in keeping with the highest traditions of the United States Naval Service.
Navy and Marine Corps Achievement Medal - Secretary of the Navy
Feb 2011
FOR - Professional Achievment in the superior performance of his duties while serving as network
administrator onboard USS PINCKNEY (DDG 91) from 1 to 22 October 2010. Petty Officer Maupin
performed his duties in an exemplary and highly professional manner. He dedicated over 100 hours,
personally patching over 100 NIPRnet and SIPRnet computers, implementing 24 computer tasking
orders, and making in-depth alterations to router configuration. His initiative directly contributed to
an over Blue Team assessment score of 90 percent and being recognized as one of the top five
ships in the Fleet in network security. Petty Officer Maupin's exceptional professionalism, unrelenting
perseverance and loyal devotion to duty reflected credit upon himself and were in keeping with the
highest taditions of the United States Naval Service.
Joint Service Achievement Medal - Secretary of Defense
Jun 2012
Information System Technician Second Class William D. Maupin, United States Navy, distinguished
himself by exceptionally meritorious achievment while assigned to the Information Technology
Directorate of the Nation Security Agency/Central Security Service Hawaii, from April 2011 to April
2012. As an Automated Information Systems Supervisor, Petty Officer Maupin led 18 Sailors in the
completion of 662 trouble tickets and the deployment of 748 monitors, 458 switchboxes, 352 hard drives
and 857 workstations throughout the command. He also managed the reutilizaion of spare equipment
parts to refurbish 65 desktop computers, saving the command over $14,000 dollars in replacement
costs. Additionaly,Petty Officer Maupin led five Sailors in the reimaging and installation of 187 Thin
Clients and 550 Thin-on0Thick clients in support of the MAGIC Desk Engineering Change Proposal
valued at over $814,000 dollars. He also trained users on new virtual operating environment, which
ensured a seamless transition for over 900 operators. His superb leadership of four Sailors during
the refresh of 97 workstations with mission load configuration was paramount to the expansion of the
Associate Directorite for Education and Training classrooms' capabilities to serve as a mission backup
site location. The distinctive accomplishments of Petty Officer Maupin reflect credit upon himself,
the National Security Agency/Central Security Service, United States Navy, and the Department of
Defense.
Contact this candidate