(Alan) Abdulrahman S. Alajami
Plano, TX ***** 214-***-****
ad0udh@r.postjobfree.com https://www.linkedin.com/in/abdulrahman-alajami-cissp-pmp-32bab913/

Information Security Management Professional

Collaborative and decisive leader, exceptional mentor, responsive, and skilled at developing and maintaining great relationships. Flexible in handling multiple simultaneous assignments, focused on customer success in IT Security, Risk Management, and compliance. Inspire teams and stakeholders with program vision to deliver results. Highly accomplished critical thinker and problem-solver, leading dynamic large-scale complex Information Security deployment and transition projects with high impact on business profitability and quality. Extensive experience managing global programs and diverse matrix teams. Multifaceted communicator and consensus builder. Eager to accept new challenges.

IT & Security Risk Management Systems Engineering SDLC
Project/Program Management Strategic Planning Global Team Leadership
Client Relationship Management Innovative Change Agent

Professional Experience

Systems & Communications Solutions, Plano, TX 3/2022-Present
Cybersecurity Program Manager
Manage multiple global security deployment and firewall upgrade projects remotely for clients with multiple data centers and manufacturing plants worldwide.
Develop, maintain, and drive delivery of security projects including scope, timelines, and funding.
Set project milestones and manage progress to complete projects on time and within budget.
Establish and implement project communications plans to provide status updates to stakeholders.
Manage security projects using Agile delivery framework, Jira, and track risks and issues, and report on progress of security firewall and network upgrades and segmentation projects.
Collect, analyze, and summarize trend information for overall security program progress reporting.
Maintain security roadmap as per NIST CSF and define new projects to improve security posture.

NTT Data, Plano, TX 12/2017-2/2022
IT Security Specialist/Program Manager
Led successful information security transitions, deployments, delivery, and compliance programs within expected timelines and to customer’s expectations. Also, orchestrated collaboration discussions to drive issues, risks, and actions, to meet customer requirements for managed security services.
Managed deployment and migration of applications and data security services: Encryption, DLP, Content Filtering, IAM, IDS/IPS, AV, FW, SIEM, SOC, GRC, DR, and cloud security solutions.
Managed security services transitions, NIST compliance projects, and ISO 27001 security audits.
Managed application security testing and vulnerabilities remediation efforts.
Identified gaps in security services and deployed security solutions following ITIL methodology.
Managed risks and issues and tracked progress of customer security programs.
Managed SOP documentation updates and ensured Confluence documentation is up to date.
Managed integration of NTT Data’s ServiceNow with customers’ service management systems.
Led, trained, and coached a team of project managers to deploy security solutions and services.
(Alan) Abdulrahman S. Alajami ad0udh@r.postjobfree.com Page Two

Dell Technologies, Plano, TX 11/2012–12/2017
Network Security Sr. Advisor/Project Manager
Managed multiple global SDLC projects and led security transitions, delivery, and migration efforts, Standard Operating Procedures documentation improvements, and implementation and deployment of security and systems solutions for clients in Healthcare, Banking, and Financial Services worldwide.
Managed transition of application systems and services outsourced from clients to Dell Services.
Managed datacenter migration projects including Disaster Recovery and cloud migration.
Managed deployment and implementation of security services to strengthen security posture.
Managed compliance audit projects such as SOX and ISO 27001 security/ISMS audits.
Created project schedules and tracked progress of deliverables, using Agile and Waterfall.
Managed project costs and contingencies and minimized operational risks.
Implemented service improvement initiatives to meet SLA’s following ITIL methodology.
Documented and reviewed support plans and customer operating procedures.

Nokia Siemens Networks, Irving, TX 4/2006–6/2012
Network Implementation Manager
Managed multiple projects for microwave and radio network rollouts and core network buildout.
Managed turnkey mobile network implementation projects and achieved operational excellence.
Executed rollout plans and managed deployment of core network systems.
Managed project costs, risks, contingencies, and ensured SOX compliance.
Audited project performance to improve project execution and delivery and achieve excellence.
Managed a group of 47 engineers, technicians, and project managers.
Managed customer expectations and relationships and initiated invoicing.

Education

MS, Technology Management, Mercer University, Atlanta, GA
BS, Computer Science, Texas State University, San Marcos, TX

Certifications & Training

Certified Information Systems Security Professional – CISSP
Certified Information Security Manager – CISM
Certified Information Systems Auditor – CISA
ITIL Service Management Foundation – ITIL
Project Management Professional – PMP
Amazon Cloud Practitioner – AWS
Contact this candidate