FINIS WHITE CISM, TOP SECRET (TS/SCI) W/ C.I. POLY / US AIR FORCE VETERAN
Ft. Washington, MD 20744 773-***-**** ad1930@r.postjobfree.com
IT SECURITY PROFESSIONAL
** *****’ experience delivering results in information technology security, development, and implementation. Expert in risk mitigation, and governing data collection in compliance with National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) guidelines. Proven team lead and project manager with in-depth knowledge of security policy and procedure development, computer networking concepts and protocols, modernization of infrastructure, and network security methodologies.
Skills

Cyber Defense / Cybersecurity
Information Security Management
Intrusion Prevention and Detection
Network Security
NIST compliance & guidelines
Risk Mitigation
Strategic planning and management services
Threat & Vulnerability Management

Education
M.S. Information Systems Management 05/2014
Troy University - Troy, AL

B.S Aerospace Science Engineering 12/2005
Tuskegee University - Tuskegee, AL
Certifications
ISACA Certified Information Security Manager (CISM) (2023)
CompTIA Security+ Training (2019)
Defense Acquisition University, Program Management (Level 1) Certification (2016)
ITIL V3 Foundation Certification (2015)
Work History
Lead Network Engineer 05/2021 to Present
Krigeren LLC/Undisclosed Government Agency – Bowie, MD
Leads routine vulnerability scans (Nessus Tenable) and assessments of clients’ infrastructure and provides troubleshooting for Dell-based components. Provides hardware verification, configuration, and testing IAW client’s specifications.
Analyzes hardware, software, and utilities to determine the optimum configuration for the installation and impact on existing systems, system design, programming, testing, and operating procedures.
Evaluates and make recommendations to the Technical Director on the selection of installation, maintenance, software, and hardware of computer systems for all agency-computing platforms.
Utilized virtualization tool (oVirt) to run and maintain Virtual Machines (VMs).

Information Security SME 02/2020 to 02/2021
KForce/Dept of State – Washington, DC
Established and maintained communications regarding program and project execution with DoS senior executive leadership, stakeholders, Executive Sponsor, and multiple agency directions.
Led Tier I Team tasked with resolving project issues at lowest level, reduced escalation to tier II by 40%.
Communicated program resource requirements, project milestone status, development, implementation, and outstanding risks with senior level leadership.
SharePoint and Web Developer 02/2019 to 01/2020
22nd Century/National Geospatial-intelligence Agency – Springfield, VA
Modernized ATC Strategy Initiatives page IAW ATC branding and records Management standards.
Led recurring SP POC meeting to prioritize ATC SP pages evaluates for accuracy.
Worked with 10 person project team to create plan for Records Management using partial SharePoint solution.
IT Project Manager 04/2018 to 12/2018
McManis and Assoc./Dept of Homeland Security Agency – Washington, DC
Team Lead tasked with maintenance and optimization of current SharePoint 2013/16 environment supporting 400+ users.
Supervised and provided guidance to subordinate staff IAW DHS policies, including establishing work standards, designating work assignments, identifying developmental and training needs, and evaluating work performance.
Reviewed organization's current information security posture and developed plan to modernize and streamline.
Assisted with providing direct IT strategic planning and management services IAW DHS policies and NIST guidelines.
Web UX/UI Designer 05/2017 to 03/2018
NT Concepts/National Geospatial-intelligence Agency – Springfield, VA
Directed team’s efforts to evaluate, recommend and implement information and specific application technology management plans and systems for use, assessed components to ensure technical and operational compatibility.
Provided SharePoint expertise to design team to develop clean and standardized web pages for senior-leaders.

Cybersecurity Analyst 04/2016 to 12/2016
Defense Engineering/DoD Chief Information Officer – Arlington, VA
System administrator for unclassified and classified DIB CS program network (DIBNet) using Liferay platform. Generated and maintained existing Communities of Interest (COI), configured portlets, and controlled account permissions.
Led troubleshooting and administered closed partition/secret network. Assisted with configuration of encryption devices. Worked with DISA network engineers to maintain system operability.
Executed data migration in coordination with management and technical services personnel. Reviewed technical solutions, generated system requirements, created custom spaces/pages for client using HTML coding language and GUI input methods, and participated in acceptance testing.
Business Relationship Division Lead 06/2015 to 04/2016
Department Of the Navy – Arlington, VA
Led Business relations management team of 20 government employees and subcontractors, responsible for audit of contractor budgets, reviewed IT enterprise catalog, presented recommendations for cutting-edge service solutions that met current and future needs.
Managed full lifecycle of network equipment and support applications for the Navy’s IT enterprise and its stakeholders.
Identified, established, and executed best practices for information sharing, collaboration and issue identification and resolution, coordinating resources and driving deliverables internally, cross-functionally and with all affected stakeholders.
Planned, developed, and implemented new division (Business Relationship Management) to address customer-related IT service issues, gather IT service requirements, and provide analytic support to leadership, ensuring customer expectations and requirements are accurately understood and incorporated.
IT Project Manager 09/2014 to 06/2015
Nuclear Regulatory Commission/3Links Technologies – Bethesda, MD
Directed the selection, installation and maintenance of computer systems software and hardware for specific agency programs.
Ensured that all telecommunications components meet federal government and agency principles, methods, policies, regulations and security requirements.
Developed, designed, implemented and performed feasibility assessments of applications and systems. Led hardware/software performance studies and environmental tests of next generation IT equipment.
Communications Squadron Operations Officer 01/2006 to 09/2013
United States Air Force – Joint Base Andrews, MD
Network Maintenance
Directed 15-person team sustaining a 24x7 command and control (C2) systems help desk. Supported global users, coordinated with unit leadership, and formulated immediate resolution to critical C2 systems/network problems for 30K+ geographically separated warfighters.
Led team which monitored operational status of Command, Control, Communications, Computers, Intelligence, Surveillance and Reconnaissance (C4ISR) worldwide valued at $100M. The team maintained a 99% systems readiness rate.
Protected information by ensuring correct security parameters (permissions and accessibility) were in place.
Supported implementation and maintenance of network and system services, assessed network and system performance, troubleshoot problems and returned disrupted database systems to normal operations within 6 hours.
Addressed IAVA alerts to harden secured network, Applied weekly patches (IAW NIST guidelines) safeguarding systems confidentiality, availability, and integrity.
Training
Created SharePoint 2007/ 2013 training plan for 25 members, Developed team of site maintainers to service five regional military bases.
Software Licensing
Analyses OS software and utilities supplied by hardware manufacturer and vendors, determined optimum configuration for the installation and impact on existing systems, systems design, programming, testing and operating procedures.
Led team of 75 members to manage regional Microsoft/AF Software licensing program: accountable for 80K+ enterprise licenses for 22K users.
Provide advice and assistance concerning computer software and/or equipment specifications for utilization and acquisition, resolve issues involving conflicting requirements.
Meticulously reviewed/validated 65K licenses annually leading to cost savings of $300K/year.
Briefing
Prepared and delivered situational briefings to senior-level executives on topics including status of IT systems, strategic network security plan, enterprise information security framework, personnel and IT assets.
Information Management
Managed Information Management programs and researched future IT architecture to support Joint Chiefs of Staff, and DoD executives.
Implemented new information portal to streamline worldwide team collaboration for 30K regional customers and senior-level executives.
Implemented Document Management features such as site columns, group permissions and security, and version control.
Contact this candidate