Sean Ethan Welch

ad4b9n@r.postjobfree.com • 678-***-****
LinkedIn • Cumming, GA 30028
Senior Program Manager
Experienced Program Manager with a proven track record of successfully leading cross-functional teams to deliver complex projects and initiatives on time and within budget. Strong strategic mindset, excellent communication skills, and a dedication to achieving organizational goals. Seeking a challenging leadership role to drive efficiency, collaboration, and innovation.
Areas of Expertise
IT Operations Management
Strategic Planning
Project Management
Information Security & Operations
Enterprise Architecture and Design
Regulatory Compliance
Data-Center Transformation
Business Process Development
Business Continuity/Recovery Services
Systems Vulnerability Mitigation
Building and growing effective teams

Technical Proficiencies
Vendor Products: Cisco, Juniper, Checkpoint, F5, Fortinet HPN, H3C, HP Greenlake SAN, Palo-Alto, Fortinet, Artic Wolf.
Technologies and Platforms: Python, Java, HTML, Cloud Services, Virtual Desktop Infrastructure, Managed Network Services Voice over IP (VOIP), ITIL Process Creation & Management, HP Service Manager, Jira, Identity Access Management, (IAM,) Zero-Trust. IaaS, SaaS, PaaS.
Career Experience
Tutela Solutions 2023-Present
Senior GRC Program Manager (Contract)
Lead and manage multiple GRC consulting projects. Delivery of privacy advocacy, GRC auditing and process management.
Define and manage project scopes and deliverables based upon GRC requirements. Assess client needs in GRC space based upon external demands.
Communication with client ELT team on internal processes and procedures to align with Oversight, Integrated reporting and analytics, risk and control activities.
Provide guidelines and best-practices for InfoSec posture.
FleetCor Technologies/Resolution Technologies 2023
Senior Program Manager (Contract)
Lead and manage six concurrent projects within global CTO office, ensuring alignment with company strategy and objectives.
Define project scopes, goals, and deliverables in collaboration with stakeholders, resulting in a 63% increase in project success rates.
Develop and maintain detailed project plans, schedules, and budgets, tracking progress and identifying potential risks or deviations.
Foster effective communication between cross-functional teams, facilitating collaboration and ensuring clear understanding of project goals.
Provide regular project status updates to senior leadership and stakeholders, demonstrating transparency and accountability.
Successfully managed a budget of three million, optimizing resource allocation and delivering projects within budget constraints.
Pyramid Consulting/Celsior Technologies 2021-2023
Chief Architect & Delivery Executive
Provide technical leadership and guidance to the coordination of resources, preparation of account proposals, and oversight and review of contracts, while serving as Pursuit and Delivery Architect for the outsourcing of on-premise and cloud-based clients, as well as Celsior Technology Primary delivery consultant for a large HR Software as a Service (SaaS) client
Improved the efficiency of operational delivery process by defining key architecture guidelines and protocols.
Played a key role in the design and adoption of ITIL processes for client base as part of pre/post sales consultations.
DXC Technology (formerly under AT&T and Hewlett-Packard) 2005 – 2021
Client Delivery Executive, 2020-2021
Orchestrated the delivery of network and security services encompassing engineering change control, ITIL services, and contract and financial oversight for a $110 million contract. Managed the work of architecture and engineering teams comprised of more than 100 employees in conducting customer-facing delivery engagements for multiple clients.
Assembled and mentored a team of over 150 data architects, engineers, and support specialists on global scale, while serving as an integral member of various industry boards.
Led the development and rollout of global enterprise-level network typologies, together with various architectural designs and strategies for governing customized web-hosting, SaaS, and cloud computing solutions.
AT&T Business Solutions
Client Delivery Executive 2017-2020
Supervised the design of architecture standards, operational processes, and implementation roadmaps. Managed profit and loss (P&L) of delivery contracts, along with their corresponding life cycles. Oversaw outside vendors from procurement stage to end user support. Reported both quarterly and annual financial forecasts and budget projections.
Delivered more than $40M worth of revenue savings upon implementation of numerous process improvements, while managing multimillion-dollar budget allocations.
Strengthened security posture of various clients through deployment of Payment Card Industry (PCI) Data Security Standards within infrastructure environments.
Instrumental in ensuring the success of Crisis Response Teams success by guiding them in the proper resolution of issues that affect customer-level service agreements, and other highly crucial operations and services.
Hewlett-Packard/HP-Enterprise
Senior Manager of Data-Center Engineering and Architecture 2005-2016
Delivery Manager – Data Center Engineering & Architecture 2016-2017
Oversaw international deployment and technical management of cloud computing environments, while exercising accountability over $22M worth of capital, operational, and project budgets.
Earned nomination for Most Valuable Performer (MVP) award over two consecutive years due to excellent work in designing processes for streamlining operations in areas of implementation, design, and support services.
Initiated the modernization of data center environments across all data center engineering and architecture projects for 13 international locations. Design of Data Center layouts and maintaining physical standards.
Implemented data center migration and closure for four data centers in North America, along with the deployment of Flexible Computing Services (private cloud), stand-alone, and web-hosting environments for clients.
Spearheaded complete PCI compliance and automation of network services by formulating methodologies for driving adherence to relevant security standards and continuous refinement of network systems.
Established full adherence of operations to Global Security and Disaster Recovery architecture through rigorous effort in auditing requirements mandated by HIPAA-regulated environments.
Completed an engineering project involving the development of Wide Area Network (WAN) connectivity between data centers and customer premises.
Expedited delivery remediation for a high-value client in the financial services industry.
Education
Associate of Science Degree
Appalachian State University – Boone, NC
Contact this candidate