DAVON H. NASIR
Email: ad5x7x@r.postjobfree.com
Phone: 703-***-****
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Cybersecurity Compliance Program Manager August 2019 – Present
Universal Service Administrative Company (USAC), Washington, DC
Oversee and manage the IT Information Security support services initiatives and policies in alignment with strategic goals and priorities.
Successfully partnered with security compliance leads to create policies and procedures, identify controls, drive process and technology change and adoption, and identify gaps and areas that require enhancements to improve quality and timeliness operations, communications and the customer experience.
Successfully drive development and managed implementation of charters, implementation plans, and program plans for Risk Management and Supply Chain teams through extensive collaboration, knowledge-sharing, and adherence to compliance controls and policies.
Maintain roadmap and manage the communication and documentation with both internal/external relationships with IT process owners supporting the service assisting with the definition and agreement of Operating Level Agreements (OLAs).
Guide and manage the Information Security System Owners (ISSO), Penetration testing, Assessment and Authorization (A&A) and Security Control Assessment (SCA) vendors supporting services for lifecycle management (FISMA Accreditation and Continuous Monitoring) for USAC systems to include policy/procedure creation and updates, standards management and Vulnerability and Plan of Action and Milestones (POAM) management.

Business Relationship Manager August 2017 – August 2019
Universal Service Administrative Company (USAC), Washington, DC
Served as strategic interface for all technology matters to the Lifeline business unit leadership regarding the National Verifier, trusted advisor driving successful customer management, process improvement, innovation and enhancements.
Formulated and defined the scope and objectives on the task order in accordance with the government statement of work and technical requirements.
Led multiple enterprise-wide initiatives establishing operational standards, compliance and organizational change, engaged a variety of stakeholders, ensuring the successful implementation and delivery of software applications.
Managed a hybrid team of contractors and internal resources in delivering complex solutions, engaged stakeholders. Federal and state entities on directives mandated by the Federal Communications Commission (FCC). Produced a timely and efficient soft launch of the NV with a successful project and quality outcomes.

Deputy Program Manager June 2016 – July 2017
Computer World Services (CWS), Arlington, VA
Directed major initiatives leading project managers, subcontractor vendors, developers, Subject Matter Experts (SME), engineers, and analysts. Formed productive relationship with Department of Homeland Security (DHS) Biometric Identify Management (OBIM) leadership, communicating progress and risks, and administering the contract.
Spearheaded, launched, and implemented large major projects (valued at $45M and over 50 resources) motivating and inspiring program level engineers.
Instrumental in creating strategies for streamlining processes and mitigating risks on multiple projects, leading, motivating, and mentoring project team and stakeholders.
Developed detailed work plans, schedules, project estimates, resource plans, and compliance status reports.

Quality Assurance Manager/Deputy Project Manager January 2011 – June 2016
SAIC, Arlington, VA
Serve as Quality Assurance Manager/Deputy Project Manager in contractor engagement for Office of Biometric Systems (OBIM) Systems Assurance. Determines the tools, resources, documentation, and processes required for quality control and manages the level of quality throughout the software life cycle by conducting formal and informal compliance reviews.
Manages the scope of new major SELC releases budgeted over $2 million and managing the release process, creating and updating OBIM Systems Assurance Process documents, manage project schedules and serve as a subject matter expert for OBIM methodologies.
Leads efforts across all OBIM functional areas to identify and document all activities, cost, and effort to transition from the US-VISIT Delivery Methodology (UDM) to DHS’s Systems Engineering Life Cycle (SELC).
Manages QA processes for each project, ensuring continuous process improvement and risk mitigation, to include the following: Root Cause Analyses, Test Compliance Audits, High Priority Technical Alerts, Process Audits, Deviation Request, Milestone Reviews, Testing Thresholds, Project Tailoring, Project Initiation, and Lessons Learned
Functions as the Program Level System Engineering team’s co- leader responsible for developing and achieving objectives and long-range goals, establishing policies and procedures, and managing people, budget, and processes.

Senior Quality Assurance Manager November 2007 – January 2011
L-3 Communications, Arlington, VA
Served as Quality Assurance Lead for IDENT system within the DHS US-VISIT Program. Managed all software and system quality assurance, release/deployment planning and technical reviews for IDENT. Subject Matter Expert (SME) on system life cycle methodology for task order. Performed product and process compliance audits, assessed system development life cycle documentation (project charters, system requirements documents, system design documents, database management plans, logical/physical database designs, test plans, deployment plans, etc.), facilitated formal life cycle phase gate reviews, peer reviews, and code reviews, and ensured compliance with CMMI Level 4 Best Practices.
Verified deliverable products and artifacts fulfilled contractual requirements and met Smart Border Alliance (SBA) standards for quality.
Reviewed functional and technical requirements to expose inconsistencies, lack of clarity and details, and identify any contradictions.
Coordinated and participated in Functional Configuration Audits (FCA), Physical Configuration Audits (PCA), inspections, and other activities that support establishing and maintaining quality on the program.

Senior Consultant April 2004 – November 2007
The American Institutes for Research, Washington, DC
Served as Task Lead providing technical support and training to the DHHS, Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administrations, CSAT’s Performance Partnership Grant program, the Administration’s Access to Recovery (ATR) initiative, and the Services Accountability Improvement System (SAIS).
Managed and maintained the information system by conducting internal compliance audits of the quality processes and implementing corrective actions to continuously improve the ATR program.
Supervised contract compliance including execution, payments, cost estimates, reports, and performance-based analysis and expected deliverables.
Conducted interviews with all levels of grantee management, performing detailed assessment, completed and presented assessment recommendations and reports, and reviewed and updated audit programs.
EDUCATION
Georgetown University, Washington, DC Graduate Cert, Cybersecurity Risk Management, May 2020
University of Maryland, Baltimore, MD MPA, Policy and Administration, December 1997
Howard University, Washington, DC BA, Political Science, May 1995
SECURITY CLEARANCE
Active DHS 6C Public Trust Clearance
CERTIFICATIONS
ITIL v.3, 2011
Certified Scrum Master (CSM), August 2015
Business Relationship Management (BRMP)
Contact this candidate