Christopher Pierce
CISSP, PMP, SSCP, BBA
Information Technology Professional

ada264@r.postjobfree.com 516-***-****

Executive Summary

A highly experienced Information Technology Professional with a broad range of hands-on experience in the implementation and management of enterprise systems and IT infrastructure. Demonstrating a history of progressive work experience ranging from providing desktop and user services to in-depth system architecture implementation and administration with a focus on Information Security, Project Management and Technical Documentation. Continuously building on the foundations of a traditional Information Systems education with a continued enthusiasm for professional development and certification.

Experience

LEAD INFORMATION SECURITY ARCHITECT 9/16 - present
Catholic Health Services of Long Island

Responsibilities and Accomplishments:
Project Manager for a SIEM and EDR integration projects, guiding the installation, implementation, and configuration of a log and endpoint data collection infrastructure to feed a security information and event management platform.
Created training and procedural documentation for incident management while providing primary decision support for alert evaluation, incident identification, and resolution management.
Created and maintained procedural documentation for all standardized departmental tasks, ensuring repeatable responses and uniform adherence to accepted security standards.
Trained and mentored new Information Security staff members utilizing training methods and documented standard procedures developed through hands-on experience and process management.
Created and maintained a Monthly Information Security Metrics Dashboard, integrating data from multiple security sources into a single pain of glass for upper management to present for board review.
Presented monthly user New Employee Orientation Program Security Education classes for new employee training sessions.
Developed and managed a Continued Security Education Program, creating targeted training campaigns to provide user education and awareness on an ongoing basis.
WINDOWS SYSTEM ADMINISTRATOR 08/08- 9/16
Catholic Health Services of Long Island

Responsibilities and Accomplishments
Oversaw the creation of server hardening criteria, OS build standardization, AD architecture and policy management, account and object creation standards, system updates and patching, system health monitoring, and acting technical Information Security liaison.
Monitored and maintained server systems leveraging HP OpenView, HP System Insight Manager, McAfee ePO, and Vsphere Tools to ensure system health and compliance, assess potential threats, and perform remediation of system health and security issues.

FIELD SERVICES TECHNICIAN 08/01-08/08
Catholic Health Services of Long Island

Responsibilities and Accomplishments
Provided end user support for all software installed on field devices including Office, Outlook, and Web browsers, all supported clinical systems, and supported system support applications.
Performed IT equipment builds provided support for software rollouts, maintenance, updates, and installations.
Provide a consistent level of user support in accordance with company standards and policies consistent with Information Technology service level agreements.

IT SUPPORT TECHNICIAN
North Eastern Analysis and Design 7/96-08/01

Responsibilities and Accomplishments
Website design services utilizing HTML, JavaScript, and Macromedia Flash to offer interfaces for custom software solutions, database querying, internet shopping, and payment solutions.
Provide internet site hosting leveraging Microsoft Internet Information Services (IIS).
Build custom hardware solutions for local businesses including servers, backup solutions, and desktop systems.
Software support for desktop and server systems in accordance with clients’ needs and specifications.

Education/Certification

PMP, Project Management Professional - Project Management Institute 2019
CISSP, Certified Information Systems Security Professional - (ISC) 2018
SSCP, Systems Security Certified Practitioner - (ISC) 2011
BBA, Business Computer Information Systems - Hofstra University 1999
Contact this candidate