Las Vegas, Nevada John – ***** Bonkowski – 201-***-**** – ada6e0@r.postjobfree.com
Information Security Manager
Enterprise Systems – Risk Mitigation – Team Leadership CAREER ACCOMPLISHMENTS
• Multiple promotions to high-level and cutting-edge technology leadership at UPS, a global leader in shipping logistics and service.
• Wide-ranging IT experience in Information Security for complex enterprise systems, research and development, and conﬁguring/installing new systems.
• Championed the prevention of 101 million fraudulent targeted email messages from reaching customers through DKIM, SPF, and DMARC technologies.
• Recognized with the 2015 “Best New Application” award by the UPS CIO for the Fraud Prevention System (FPS) System.
• Consummate expert in vendor management with experience founding and leading UPS’ Vendor Assurance Program (VAP), including performance of on-site vendor inspections and reporting to senior management to provide insights on which vendors comply with security protocols to ensure total consumer data protection.
• Collaborated with many levels of law enforcement, including the FBI, Postal Inspectors, local and state law enforcement, and thee Department of Homeland Security. PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
UPS Mahwah, New Jersey
Information Security, 2/2010 to 3/2018
Oversaw all aspects of information security as a leader of the Fraud Prevention Team, key liaison with cross-functional fraud team, and planned/implemented the UPS Fraud Prevention System (FPS). Managed strategic planning and implementation of security initiatives, led selection and integration of new applications and enterprise systems, and kept abreast of emerging and new security threats to deﬁne mitigation strategies. Championed data analysis from multiple depositories to identify fraudulent transactions and account take-overs, including development of Fraud interface to FPS. Analyzed data from Fraud Prevention
Vendor Relations and
Management
Contract Negotiations
Global Networks
Project Management
Business Analysis
Research & Development
Cross-Functional
Communications
Information/Data Security
In-depth experience leading IT teams, projects, and programs for global and national enterprise networks, security, and systems. Excel at fostering and managing vendor relationships, negotiating contracts, and reducing costs.
Adept at leading Fraud Prevention teams and initiatives to identify and mitigate emerging threats and re-capture millions in corporate savings. Strong talents in developing, implementing, and maintaining new systems to prevent fraud, improve data visibility, and streamline workﬂows.
Communicative problem-solver and analytical thinker with a balance of business and Information Technology skills.
John Bonkowski
Page 2 • Career Progression (Cont.)
depositories to track down potential fraudulent transactions and account take-overs and provided data to various law enforcement agencies.
• Email Security System Implementation: Integral leader in the evaluation, conﬁguration, and implementation of the IBM QRadar SIEM system, including collaboration with applications teams to ensure correct data feed into SIEM, ultimately prevented over 101 fraudulent targeted email messages.
• Vendor Assurance Program (VAP): Led a multi-vendor program to ensure access to UPS data and spearhead optimal security protocols and procedures.
• UPS Fraud Prevention System (FPS): Drove over $50M in bad debt reduction in the ﬁrst 12 months of system implementation as the designer and implementer of an eﬀective IT security system.
• IBM QRadar SIEM System: Successfully evaluated, tested, conﬁgured, and implemented IBM QRadar SIEM System, including collaboration with multiple application teams. Advanced Technology Manager, 2/2002 to 2/2010
Spearheaded multiple technical systems and teams, including the ATG team’s research and development of cutting-edge technologies in a laboratory setting. Led the development, research, and testing of DNS servers, application servers, UPSers.com, database servers, and more. Developed RFPs, proposals, and high-level presentations for senior management teams.
• Vendor Selection and Management: Assessed, selected, and oversaw technical advisory vendors as a vendor relations and management expert, including Gartner and Forrester.
• Vendor Analysis and Recommendations: Prepared and presented dozens of recommendations regarding new technologies to senior leaders regarding viability of vendors based on extensive testing, research, cost analysis, and reporting.
Additional Experience:
Global Network Systems Architect – UPS – Mahwah, New Jersey Implemented ﬁrst UPS IBM and Cisco routers replacing MAC layer bridgers and designed TCP/IP addressing system for over 375 global locations, collaborated with cross-functional teams and vendors. Application Developer – UPS – Mahwah, New Jersey
Leveraged multiple programming languages (COBOL, C, Fortran) to design and code multiple UPS systems.
TECHNICAL PROFICIENCIES
EDUCATION
STEVENS INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY, Hoboken, New Jersey, Master of Science (MS) in Information Systems
SETON HALL UNIVERSITY, South Orange, New Jersey, Bachelor of Science (BS) in Business Administration
Protocols: TCP/IP, ISO Layers, Ethernet, Microsoft Suite, Microsoft Project, SPF, DEMARC.
Operating Systems /
Software:
Windows 2000, DNS, NETSYS, Microsoft Oﬃce Suite,
Microsoft Project.
Hardware: IBM Q Rader, SIEM Platform (UNIX-based).
Contact this candidate