PAMELA LEWIS
**** *** ***** ******
HYATTSVILLE, MD 20782
202-***-****
adafsx@r.postjobfree.com

EDUCATION: Master of Divinity, Howard University
B.B.A., Business Administration, Strayer University

CERTIFICATIONS: Senior Professional in Supply Management (SPSM)
ITIL Foundations
Certified IT Asset Manager (CITAM),
Certified Software Asset Manager (CSAM)

EMPLOYMENT HISTORY
ICMA-RC 7/13 – 6/19
Supervisor, Technical Operations
Managed procurement staff and functions for Information Security and Technical Operations (ISTO) division and Corporate Support Services using ServiceNow.
Collaborated with the Information Technology (IT) Division for sourcing contractors and temporary staff using ContractsNow. Maintained maintenance contract renewals for Oracle for IT.
Led Managed Print Services initiative. This included working with stakeholders to create the RFI for initial considerations and evaluation and RFP for vendors to submit for sourcing consideration.
Worked cross-divisionally to ensure security requirements, financial justifications, legal implications and infrastructure needs were taken into consideration and adhered to as well as project implementation timelines were met.
Managed hardware and software refresh initiative, responsible for project development including scheduling purchases to coincide with the scheduling of associates being upgraded, worked across divisions to ensure timeliness of upgrades, interacted with vendors to ensure timeliness of deliveries and collaborated with Accounting to ensure timeliness of payments.
Used SNOW to track and manage software licenses, maintenance renewals, black listed and white listed exceptions.
Used BarScan to track hardware assets and asset reporting requirements.
Developed performance metrics by creating methods to monitor and review procurement functions including, daily purchases and payments both processed and pending.
Established performance metrics to determine volume of work, timeliness of procurement processes and vendor spend analysis.
Reviewed annually and revised, as necessary, ISTO procurement procedures including contract management, purchasing and payment authorizations to ensure procurement processes are up-to-date and adhered to.
Developed performance metrics measuring ASA, call volume, call resolution and incident management metrics.
Worked to ensure, based on amount of procurement services and/or availability of products, best solutions to source products and services.
Routinely worked cross-divisionally to ensure all requirements related to products and/or services were met including development of mitigation strategies.
Analyzed vendors to ensure best pricing, delivery and terms, product offering updated in a timely manner.
Collaborated with vendors and resolved payment and invoice differences.
Analyzed and reconciled budget reporting differences against outstanding spend commitments.
Managed, monitored, reviewed and reported on ISTO division business unit budgets.
Served as budget analyst on multiple Information Security projects to ensure financial obligations/ commitments were compliant.
Worked with stakeholders on eProcure and iContract (Zycus) initiative.
Due to the restrictiveness and inflexibility of Zycus, the initiative was cancelled and ContractNow (ServiceNow) was implemented.
Worked with cross divisional teams as the Technical Operations project lead to transition from Remedy to ServiceNow for incident management and from Lotus Notes to ServiceNow for procurement.

SRA International (OCC) 12/12 – 2/13
Process Management Analyst
Reviewed, analyzed and provided technical expertise on methods to improve the asset management processes.
Developed processes for performing an annual physical inventory and reconciliation. Prepared gap analysis during contract transition.

SRA International (GAO) 4/08 – 12/12
Lead IT Asset Management Specialist
Planned and coordinated the logistical actions required to support Logistics Hardware Management (LHM) operations including physically moving inventory as necessary.
Managed end-of-life processes for all IT assets, ensuring all software and hardware assets were properly managed, tracked and/or removed from the inventory.
Prepared reports, maintained records, and provided information on performance to senior contract leadership.
Documented procedures, reviewed, modified and rewrote standard operating procedures to reflect current processes.
Maintained 100% positive asset accountability for all IT assets.
Performed asset inventories and reconciled physical inventory against system or record. Managed full-time Logistics Technicians and part-time Logistics Deployment Technicians.
Managed flex hour shifts for staff. Supported Tier 1 and tier 2 Help Desk Technicians and Special Projects Team providing logistical and technical expertise.

CALIBRE Systems 7/98 – 4/08
IT Asset Management Specialist
Created and implemented an asset management program to including vendor sourcing and selection (Track-IT). Established and maintained enterprise level agreements with Microsoft, Adobe and Oracle and individual MSDN subscriptions with Microsoft.
Managed asset management data integrity, analysis, integration, storage and maintenance. Monitored asset and record management activities to ensure timely responses to asset management issues or concerns (i.e. software compliance, server decommission process, asset locations, etc.).
Monitored and managed maintenance renewals.
Developed and implemented quality control audit procedures for tracking, controlling, and disposal of company IT assets through their lifecycles.
Supported hardware and software asset physical audits and internal compliance monitoring.
Identified and implemented strategies to maximize ROI on IT assets.
Provided training as the authorized trainer of Track-IT.
Served as Budget Analyst for Management Information System Department. SME and administrator of Track-IT.
Managed a technical staff and lead analytical efforts of data collection and analysis.
Conducted in-house training in software applications.
Conducted/participated in client briefings and demonstrations.
Prepared reports, briefings and documentation deliverables.
Managed procurement of IT assets and managed budget.
Contact this candidate