Adam Purtell
602-***-**** (c)
Email: adb3kl@r.postjobfree.com

Work Summary: Motivated electronic warfare professional, with a broad range of experience in the cyber domain. Adept at solving challenging problems and leading teams to achieve success in an efficient and effective manner. Served as Battalion Security Manager for the United States Army National Guard, managing and facilitating information and personnel security procedures for an organization of over 750 soldiers. Previous active duty fire support team chief, with strong detail oriented and professional communication ability.

Clearance

Level Agency Investigated Granted
TS-SCI DOD 2019 2019

Work Experience

Electronic Warfare Specialist, U.S. Army. 253rd Engineer Battalion, 20525 W Hwy 79,
Florence, AZ 85050. 03/2016-present.

Conducted Electronic Warfare analysis, deployed threat defeat systems in support of movement and maneuver forces across the Central Command (CENTCOM) area of responsibility. Provided solution-driven advice to senior leadership on the implementation and execution of Cyber Electro-magnetic Activities (CEMA) and defenses.

Assisted in the development of strategic and tactical level plans for countering asymmetric threats in varied environments. Ensured all Counter Radio Controlled Improvised Explosive (CREW) devices were updated with current firmware and threat loads as updates are released, examine intelligence reports to stay current on all Counter-IED/ Threat actor Tactics, Techniques, and procedures (TTP’s).

Collected and processed frequency information within a toolkit of electronic warfare databases such as ARAT, JWICS, and JIEDDO to aggregate data for electromagnetic interference mitigation and analysis. Utilized both Wi-Fi and Cellular collection platforms to pinpoint non-sanctioned frequencies and addresses for exploitation.

Supported the organizations communications section as an Information Management Officer (IMO) by completing lifecycle management and network ticket requests through Remedy/ARS in addition to standard help desk related issues. Familiar with IT compliance policies and submitting account provisioning requests.

Battalion Security Manager (Additional duty to position above), U.S. Army. 253rd Engineer Battalion, 20525 W Hwy 79,
Florence, AZ 85050. 10/2018-present.

Facilitated personnel security for 750+ individuals to include, clearance requests, reinvestigations, incident reporting and management, and access rosters in accordance with Department of Defense policy and Privacy Act regulations. Responsible for tracking non-disclosure agreements, and security termination statements in JPAS, and securing physical records in appropriate safes/vaults. Attended monthly theatre-level security manager meetings to discuss current security procedures and upcoming changes to stay mission ready.

Implemented a robust information security program focused on classified information storage, information security emergency planning, disposal and destruction of classified material, and derivative classification. Informed the command staff on proper information security techniques and conducted multiple random inspections to validate the organizations information security readiness. Completed over 20 hours of additional information security training through AGILE and scheduled instruction.

Coordinated Intelligence Oversight program to ensure that prohibited activities are recognized and reported. In addition, follow authority of Department of Defense and NISPOM regulation on the collection of U.S persons information.

Forward Observer, U.S. Army. 5-20th Infantry Battalion, Joint Base Lewis McChord,
Tacoma, WA 98433. 03/2011- 03/2016.

Served as a company forward observer and principal enlisted advisor to the company fire support officer, enabling the maneuver of ground units by delivering highly accurate and lethal fires through the use of target acquisition systems, fixed and rotary-wing assets, and indirect fire.

Qualified as a Joint Fires Observer (JFO), working with multinational platforms capable of providing terminal guidance for lethal and non-lethal munitions, intelligence collection, surveillance and targeting.

Assumed leadership of a company Fire Support (FIST) team of six through several annual trainings and competitions resulting in measurable success. Responsible for over 1 million dollars of equipment and systems with no losses during the tenure.

Education: Grand Canyon University Phoenix, AZ United States – Bachelor’s Degree Fall 2016 - Present
Credits Earned: 80+ Semester Hours
Major: Information Technology Emphasis: Cybersecurity
Attended Grand Canyon University with an emphasis in Cybersecurity and Information Security
Received achievement as a department of science and technology academic dean’s list, multiple semesters.

Job Related
Training: - AGILE Personnel Security training 2019
- Spectrum Guard Pro, Wi-Fi and Cellular Analysis training 2019
- Intelligence Oversight training 2019
- CompTIA A+, Security+ certifications 2019
- Security Management and Joint Personnel Adjudication (JPAS) training 2018
- Electronic Warfare College, EW Specialist Course 2017
Contact this candidate