NEDA PITT
Raleigh, NC 336-***-**** adb6af@r.postjobfree.com www.linkedin.com/in/nedajpitt/
INFORMATION SECURITY EXECUTIVE
Cybersecurity Identity & Access Management Regulatory Compliance
Dynamic leader with demonstrated success in developing and executing enterprise-wide global strategies that improve information security posture and exceed business goals. Expert in building relationships with project teams and high-profile clientele. Skilled at navigating challenges to drive regulatory and audit compliance. Regarded for hiring and maximizing the performance of top technical talent. Articulate communicator and mentor who serves as a trusted adviser to support short- and long-term business planning. Passionate about leading information security organizations and digital, transformation at scale. Proven record of cost containment and process improvement while managing a complex risk reduction portfolio.
Areas of Expertise
Security & Technology Leadership
Team & Staff Development
Metrics & Success Measurements
Financial Budgeting & Forecasting
Secure Delivery Lifecycle
Compliance & Audit Controls
Employee Engagement
Change Management
COBIT, ITIL, & NIST
Incident Management
Emerging Technology
Program Management
Contract Negotiation
Vulnerability Management
Business Continuity
Risk Management
Strategic Planning
IT Governance
Privacy Compliance
Disaster Recovery
Professional Experience
Vice President Information Security, Cisco 2018-Present
Drive IT and information security with a global staff of 83 and a budget of $70M. Leverage economies of scale to create an enterprise-wide organizational strategic view of security and unified ecosystem. Identify global risks and capabilities to generate an ongoing vision and strategic plan. Ensure compliance with federal and state security and privacy standards and regulations. Draft detailed communication and change management plans to promote buy-in and adoption at the BOD, C-suite, and major stakeholder levels.
Highlighted Achievements:
●Ensured security of 150,000 identities in 180 locations worldwide.
●Decommissioned redundant systems into a purpose-built tool.
●Targeted to achieve a $50M decrease in Opex due to implemented economies of scale.
Director of Identify and Access Management, VF Corporation 2013-2018
Defined and drove, strategy, innovation, and execution of the Global Identity and Access Management discipline for the VF Enterprise. Led 25 staff and 30+ contractors across 120 global locations with 70,000 identities to manage. Established policies, standards and governance processes that drove a risk-based access control approach. Engaged executive management, business leaders, and IT stakeholders in understanding risk mitigation and avoidance concerns and the value of enhancing overall data security. Performed network threat testing to ensure the highest levels of data loss protection. Promoted from earlier position as Senior Portfolio Manager (2013-2015).
Highlighted Achievements:
●Managed a 3-year $25M+ transformation program.
●Turned around Sarbanes Oxley compliance from significant deficiencies to a 100% pass rate.
●Consolidated functions to improve onboarding experience, shorten onboarding wait, and reduce access risk exposure.
IT Director, Senn Dunn Insurance 2013
Provided management and support for IT solutions that enhanced mission-critical business operations. Directed the activities of a team of 5 with a $3M budget. Collaborated with executive leadership to identify, recommend, develop, implement, and support cost-effective technology solutions for all aspects of the organization. Created the vision, strategy, and policies to ensure compliance with HIPAA, PII, and PIA regulations. Evaluated compliance gaps and organized a strategy to drive key IT processes across a 3 year IT roadmap that included the management and reporting of IT performance metrics and the development of disaster recovery and business continuity plans.
Highlighted Achievements:
●Implemented a 2nd warm site for disaster recovery to reduce the impact on customers.
●Improved employee onboarding experience and operational efficiencies reducing systems access from 5 days to 1.
●Met all regulatory requirements and passed all audits.

Professional Experience (continued)
CRM Director, Volvo Trucks 2012-2013
Defined, implemented, and supported Enterprise CRM Strategy & Architecture for Enterprise Information with a team of 15. Fostered buy-in on value-added solutions from leaders, staff, and other stakeholders. Deployed targeted change-management communication strategy to drive the adoption of CRM solutions and new process management. Championed the transition from CRM to a full-scale Customer Identity Access program for increased visibility.
Highlighted Achievements:
●Enhanced customer databases to increase customer satisfaction and Net Promoter Value (NPV) scores.
●Managed CRM program in the Americas for 65-68% initial adoption rate, with growth to 79-81% overall.
●Improved business intelligence capabilities to increase market share by 3% and revenues by 5%.
Senior Program Manager, American Express 2000-2011
Drove identity access management activities with a staff of 10 and a $5M operating budget. Trained, led, and developed 8,000+ customer care professionals throughout 20 countries. Translated priorities and ideas into business strategies. Analyzed performance against goals and long-term objectives. Orchestrated development of global CRM and business intelligence (BI) technology within the Customer Service division, focused on identity security and authorizations. Drafted and maintained Business Continuity and Disaster Recovery Plans. Standardized compliance processes by automating the collection of compliance monitored data.
Highlighted Achievements:
●Opened a 2nd site for authorizations in Asia with zero downtime, customer impact, and effect on the bottom-line.
●Saved $10M in annual costs by reducing 3rd shift and holiday work with Asia office opening.
●Captured $75M in revenue through introducing BI, CRM, and portal technologies.
●Reduced technology operating costs 12% by streamlining processes.
●Achieved a 5% increase in voice response resolution.
●Delivered a 15% reduction in call center volume and a 2% reduction in abandoned calls.
Education
Bachelor of Science in Computer Information Systems, High Point University
Contact this candidate