PADMAJA REDDY BADDAM
Mobile: 571-***-**** Email: adb9ad@r.postjobfree.com LinkedIn: linkedin.com/in/padmajabaddam Energetic, results-driven Sr. Business Systems Analyst/Project Manager with 7.5 years of experience in Agile and Waterfall methodologies. Have experience working in Information Security, AWS Migration, and Salesforce domains. EDUCATION
Executive Master of Science: PROJECT MANAGEMENT PROGRAM, Certified by Project Management Institute (PMI), Harrisburg University of Science and Technology, Harrisburg, PA – Dec 2018 Master of Science: INFORMATION SYSTEMS, Virginia International University, Fairfax, VA - May 2016 Bachelor of Technology: COMPUTER SCIENCE AND ENGINEERING, JNTU University, Hyderabad, India - Apr 2011 TECHNICAL SKILLS
Analytical Tools: Power BI, MS Excel, and Tableau
Workflow and Tracking Tools: MS Office, MS Visio, Rational Rose, JIRA, MS DevOps, and HP Quality Center Languages: SQL, PL/SQL, JAVA, UNIX, and Shell scripting EXPERIENCE
Valintry Services LLC [Client: AARP, Location: Washington, D.C.] Mar 2018 – Present Sr. Business Systems Analyst/Project Manager
Technologies and Environment: AWS Cloud Migration, Identity and Access Management, Salesforce Marketing Cloud, Penetration Testing, Privileged Access Management, and Information Security Assessment.
I am currently working as the Project Manager/Sr. Business Systems Analyst on the Information Security Penetration testing, Identity and Access Management, and AWS Cloud Migration projects.
Worked as a Scrum Master on the Salesforce Marketing Cloud Enterprise rollout project.
Worked on many diverse Information Technology projects to meet the organization's continuously evolving needs and to introduce latest technologies and tools into the enterprise.
Responsible for Business Analyst activities such as requirements elicitation, documenting Business requirements document (BRD), Functional Requirement Documents (FRD), Software requirement Specifications(SRS), Use Case Specifications, Test Scenarios, and Test Cases that includes Process identification, definitions, documentation.
Responsible for Scrum Master Activities such as conducting sprint planning, Scrum meeting, sprint grooming sessions for developing JIRA board with epics, themes, and user stories.
Responsible for Project Management Activities such as creating project schedule, managing project budget, managing vendors, leadership reporting, and successfully executing projects.
Responsible for facilitating project kick-off meetings, requirements gathering workshops, weekly status meetings, requirements review meetings, quality gate meetings to review the project artifacts with business/stakeholders.
Responsible for conducting lessons learnt and retrospective analysis. North Highland [Client: AARP, Location: Washington, D.C.] Aug 2017 – Mar 2018 Business Systems Analyst
Technologies and Environment: Business Technology Process Optimization, Enterprise Mobility, and Win10 Enterprise Rollout.
Worked with the clients, vendors, and project teams to meet the organization's continuously evolving needs and to introduce latest cost efficient technologies and tools into the enterprise.
Performed business analyst activities such as requirements elicitation, developing Project Charter and Requirements Document, and creating cross-functional flow charts and requirements traceability matrix.
Performed manual testing and User Acceptance Testing (UAT) for validation of requirements.
Participated in vendor selection and evaluation process, and coordinated activities with the selected vendor.
Developed As-Is & To-Be business processes per BPMN notation to develop new business processes across the enterprise in order to optimize business solutions.
Performed GAP analysis, SWOT analysis, and Risk analysis.
Performed inventory reconciliation activities across the enterprise.
Documented Requests for Information (RFI), Requests for Proposal (RFP) documents for services related to new product configuration and implementation.
Established inventory checkpoints and streamlined the end to end inventory management of devices.
Coordinated with vendors, business sponsors, and finance team for device and software procurement. Ciber Inc. and Ciber Global LLC [Client: AARP, Location: Washington, D.C.] Sept 2016 – Aug 2017 Business Systems Analyst
Technologies and Environment: Threat and vulnerability management, Log Monitoring and Analysis, Multi Factor Authorization, SharePoint Automation and Database Monitoring and Control.
Worked on different types of Information Technology projects to enhance AARP Information Security and executed several development projects based on the organization needs.
Facilitated project kick-off meetings and requirement gathering sessions with stakeholders to elicit solution requirements.
Developed project artifacts such as Project Charter, Solutions Requirements Document, Requirement Traceability Matrix, and Test Strategy Plan.
Documented Test Strategy Plan and Test Cases to ensure clearly defined acceptance criteria are met.
Developed workflow diagrams, wireframes, and screen mockups.
Lead walkthrough of Solution Requirements Document (SRD) with the development and QA teams.
Reviewed test cases prepared by the QA to ensure thorough testing and delivery of a valid solution.
Traced test cases back to solution requirements and stakeholder requirements to calculate the traceability percentage and to ensure that all documented requirements were encompassed.
Worked on GUI development, designed UI wireframes, developed mockup screens and prototypes using MS Visio and online tools.
Tech Mahindra Limited [Client: British Telecom, Location: Hyderabad, India] Feb 2012 – Dec 2014 Software Engineer
Technologies and Environment: Siebel CRM Application
Participated in requirements gathering, database design, and implementation of star-schema data warehouse using erwin Data Modeler.
Worked with key members from several cross-functional teams to analyze various third-party Customer relationship management (CRM) solutions to arrive at a ‘buy vs build’ decision.
Conducted cost/benefit and impact analysis.
Conducted Joint Application Development (JAD) sessions with IT groups.
Created and maintained requirements, test cases and defects in HP Quality Center.
Developed Project Charter, Stakeholder List and Impact Matrix, Requirements document and RACI Matrix by understanding the business need and the driven solution.
Worked on Siebel CRM implementation and customization.
Worked on Call Centre, eCommunications, and eSales modules within Siebel CRM.
Having strong knowledge in ITIL processes and in providing L2 & L3 Support.
Worked on Build, Release, and Deployment activities.
Worked on troubleshooting of Siebel application and other integrated software’s (OBIP/MQ/ESD).
Contact this candidate