Brad M. Davis
Killeen, TX ***** • 757-***-**** • adbi7f@r.postjobfree.com • LinkedIn www.linkedin.com/in/brad-davis-34070b3b/

Qualifications Profile
Security-focused professional with a Master of Science in Cybersecurity. Passionate about IT and information security, specializing in computer information systems. Enthusiastic about leveraging training to gain hands-on experience working in a cyber security and intelligence analyst role on security projects while learning from industry experts in advanced threat protection landscape.
Proven success in strategically developing customized full lifecycle enterprise-level solutions that remove roadblocks and solve complex business operations problems.
Advanced skill with leading-edge safety and IT security tools complemented by proven ability to assimilate and rapidly utilize emerging technologies.
Demonstrated leadership initiative, technical/tactical expertise, operations and training program enhancement, and award-winning performance success.
Highly adept at implementing strategies, operational procedures and quality methodologies to support development and release of business applications in complex environments.
Skilled in documentation logistics and report writing, strategic planning, equipment calibration, maintenance management, supplies procurement, inventory control, vendor/contractor relations, master scheduling, staff qualification programing, regulatory compliance, and database/file system administration.
Core Technologies:
Information Security Java Script Kali Linux Risk Management Framework Navy’s Tactical Information Distribution Links 11 and 16 Information Security Methodology Advanced Combat Direction System (ACDS) Navy’s Joint Semi-Automated Forces (JSAF) System Global Command and Control Systems

Education and Credentials
Master of Business Administration, 2017
University of Maryland University College, Adelphi, Maryland
Master of Science in Cybersecurity, 2016
University of Maryland University College, Adelphi, Maryland
Bachelor of Science in Computer Information Systems, 2013
Saint Leo University, Saint Leo, Florida
Certifications & Trainings
Security+ Certified
Microsoft Certified Professional – Microsoft Certification ID: 2582139
A+ Certified – CompTIA ID: COMPID: 10568356
Master Training Specialist - Commander of Naval Education and Training (CNET)
Afloat Training Specialist - Commander Naval Surface Forces Atlantic
Certified U.S. Navy Instructor, NEC-9502
Computer Operator, Certificate of Apprenticeship, Commonwealth of Virginia
Licenses
Current U.S. Government Secret Security Clearance, SCI Eligible, Last Updated Feb 2017
Computer Peripheral Equipment Operator, Department of Labor
U.S. Navy Multi-Tactical Digital Information Link Operator (TADIL), NEC-0348
U.S. Navy Interface Control Officer, NEC-0350
U.S. Navy Global Command and Control System Common Operational Picture / Maritime (GCCS COP/M) Operator, NEC-0342
U.S. Navy Air Intercept Controller Supervisor, NEC-0319 (Provide close combat control via Link 16 and Link 4A to tactical F-18 Aircraft)
Awards
Navy and Marine Corps Commendation Medal, 2013 and 2017
Navy and Marine Corps Achievement Medal, 2009 and 2014

Experience Highlights
Afloat Training Group Norfolk - Norfolk, Virginia
Cybersecurity Program Manager / Instructor/Division Officer, 2017 – Current
Conducted hands-on training and compliance inspections of technology and cybersecurity compliance programs.
Monitor operations and administration of Afloat Training Group (ATG) office, such as planning and scheduling of training, curriculum development for shipboard training courses, product development to support training programs, and development of new processes to improve shipboard combat systems teams/information security teams.
Trained and evaluated compliance of 41 evaluators through 10K+ training objectives that assessed technical / information systems compliance of 975 personnel located on 17 different ships in the Atlantic fleet.
Steered six Command Managed Equal Opportunity DEOMI Surveys consisting of 400 Senior Enlisted Personnel.
Acted as chairman of 15 master training specialist and afloat training specialist qualification boards. Served as an equal opportunity specialist for 365 Senior Enlisted personnel.
USS Abraham Lincoln (CVN 72), Norfolk, Virginia
Operations Intelligence Division Manager / Combat Direction Center (CDC) Manager, 2013 – 2017
Led 350+ personnel, oversaw human resources, production planning, logistics and resource allocation of $1M+ budget.
Led 18 20-person project teams and directed the completion of an average of 20K annual information management system maintenance projects on ships that carry up to 6K+ personnel.
Saved $1M+ in outsourced contractor costs by training and leading Navy teams to complete systems maintenance.
Increased operations department employee retention by 75%, ensured 80% of eligible personnel were promoted to the next rank and ensured 90% of personnel were trained and qualified in advanced technical concepts.
Afloat Training Group Norfolk - Norfolk, Virginia
Program Manager / Instructor, 2009 – 2013
Supervised and coached a team of 24 technical instructors that trained an average of 900 students annually.
Directed qualification programs and personally instructed up to 2K annual hours of courses such as network administration, cybersecurity threat analysis, tactical digital information links and information sharing networks.
Provided technical expertise in architecture and design of tactical digital information systems located globally.
Analyzed and prepared reports on cybersecurity and intelligence information to make effective tactical decisions.
Additional Experience:
Operations Intelligence Division Manager / CA Division Manager USS ROSS (DDG 71)
Operations Intelligence Leading Petty Officer USS George Washington (CVN 73)
Advanced Combat Direction System/Tactical Digital Information Link Instructor Fleet Combat Training Center Atlantic
Operations Specialist USS George Washington (CVN 73)
Contact this candidate