EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
Hire, train, oversee and support a team of up to 38 IT employees.
Manage IT budgets exceeding $11 million annually.
Specializing in IT turnarounds and quick resolution of accumulated Technological Debt.
Expert in Cyber Security, Project Management Methodologies and IT Infrastructure.

EDUCATION/CERTIFICATIONS
Phoenix Institute of Technology, Associate Degree Electronics
University of WI, Psychology of Training
Fannie Mae SDLC and Information Security Certification
PMP Certification # 1394707
Scrum Master Certified # 668065
Scrum Fundamentals Certification # 665374

EXPERIENCE DETAILS
Cascade Financial
VP of Infrastructure/Program Manager • March of 2019 to Present

Overview: First tasked with implementing project management disciplines, including Scrum (Agile) methodologies. Later transformed Help Desk and IT infrastructure.
Executive Highlights
As Program Manager, with a team of four Project Managers, completed over 100 projects in the first year as Program Manager (avg. project duration 57 days).
Managed project to move corporate office with over 350 employees over a weekend with zero downtime.
Updated, tested and implemented BCR/Pandemic plan for 350 employees to work from home using terminal servers in less than 2 weeks.
Directed migration of over 100 virtualized servers from HyperV to VMware and 30 servers from AWS to a newly setup colo, saving $11.5 million over 5 months.
Stabilized infrastructure taking uptime averages from 82% to 99.5%.
Increased customer satisfaction for Help Desk support. Increasing “Very Satisfied” rating from 22% to 53% of employees.

Enterprise Software Designs (ESD)
President/Owner • August 2018 to Present

Overview: Managed team of five developers to bring a next generation ERP to the market. This product is specifically designed for use by lenders and financial institutions with a potential for other vertical markets.
Executive Highlights
Performed as Project Manager to update this highly secure and automated ERP (SaaS) that includes modules for HRIS, SSO, Website Content Automation, LMS (Scorm compliant), Expense Tracking, Business Analytics, Compliance Tracking, CRM and much more.
Performed security testing using Qualys and Nessus. Managed development team to prioritize and resolve Critical, High and Medium level vulnerabilities.
Provided consulting in the areas of Business Continuity, Information Security and writing company policies.

NOVA Home Loans
Chief Technology Officer • March 2015 to July 2018
Overview: Responsible for technology vision and management of leading-edge FinTech solutions. Managed eight direct reports and 38 employees in IT, Software Engineering, Facilities, Help Desk and LOS Support. Supported nearly 1000 employees in three affiliated companies.
Executive Highlights
Developed highly secure ERP system including HR/Access Control, SSO, BI Reporting/Business Analytics, Recruiting Tools, Inventory Control, Compliance Tracking and much more. Realized immediate ROI, saving 50 hours for each run of just one of over 70 BI reports.
Implemented VDI improving security, improving application performance, reducing hardware costs and support requirements.
Initiated PII cleanup that reduced breach exposure risk by 98%.
Implemented project management processes and controls, including Agile (Scrum) for software development, that led to completion of over 150 major projects in the first three years.
Implemented automated client opportunity application that led to 50 additional funded loans in a single branch during a normally slow month.
Reduced copier equipment costs by over $200,000 annually.
Scaled up IT staff from 23 employees to 38 more than tripling throughput of the development team.

Catalyst Lending
Chief Information Officer • December 2012 to March of 2015

Overview: Managed all IT initiatives and provided vision for technology and information security. Identified and resolved gaps in loan origination processes. Reconfigured infrastructure and built tools to streamline all facets of operations.
Executive Highlights
Reduced monthly IT vendor spend by over 80% while accelerating new projects.
Developed highly secure ERP system including HR/Access Control, SSO, BI Reporting, Recruiting CRM, Trouble Ticket/Loan Scenario system, Employee On-Boarding, Secure eFax, Inventory Control, Scorm Compliant LMS, automated website creation for LOs and more. These tools were used companywide improving efficiency in every department and providing detailed reporting, so management can make better decisions, sooner. Resulted in 50% reduction in required workforce in several operational departments.
Identified and prioritized over 150 opportunities to improve workflow on loan processing and implemented based on benefit/risk analysis, providing significant improvements in loan quality and efficiencies.
Designed and implemented new infrastructure at major offices with MPLS lines for VOIP services and fail-over to minimize downtime. This substantial increase in performance and reliability came in at a monthly cost below previous infrastructure.
Designed and implemented VDI improving security, improving application performance, reducing hardware costs and support requirements.
Implemented security infrastructure, vulnerability scanning, NPI encryption and log management (SEIM) mitigating breach risk.
Brought company into compliance per GLBA, NIST and PCI/DSS requirements.

Fannie Mae (Contractor)
Business Analyst III • July 2011 to July 2012

Overview: Split time between New Initiatives Roll Out and Communications teams.
Developed internal and external tools for socializing ULDD (Uniform Loan Delivery Dataset) initiative.
Supported customer training efforts as SME on new ULDD Loan Delivery application, associated business rules and MISMO V3.0 XML file format.
Built and maintained system requirements, rules, calculations, change requests and data structure repository using IBM Rational products (Requisite Pro, Doors, ClearQuest). This system was used by cross-functional departments and is still used today.
Performed testing and analysis of business rules using HP Quality Center.
Supported team requirements using SharePoint (Designer and InfoPath) to create and maintain internal/external websites, file lists and ticketing system.
Created online help menu articles using ATG Primus Knowledge Center.
National Information Security Association
President/Owner • October 2010 to July of 2011

Overview: Provided consulting and software development with a focus on information security.
Created RISP information security certification for Realtors.
Developed materials for socializing security policies in compliance with regulatory standards for handling NPI.
Designed applications, built eCommerce websites, workflow automation and Scorm Compliant LMS for multiple clients.
Thomson Law
Chief Information Officer • September 2008 to October 2010

Overview: Managed IT operations and projects to develop MediationNet and HEX Servicing platforms.
MediationNet is a SaaS product used as a loss mitigation tool, CRM and accounting system by law firms.
HEX Servicing platform is the single repository used for registration, tracking, aggregation, servicing and securities trading for a new asset class of residential equity sharing called HEFI (Home Equity Fractional Interest). This new security instrument was developed in 2003 by financial engineers at UC Berkley and in 2009 was awarded multiple patents. In November of 2010 Congress approved Equity Sharing for use under HAMP.
Artisan Mortgage
Chief Information Officer • March 2005 to September 2008

Overview: Managed technology vision for all aspects of the business. Managed technology needs for four subsidiary companies totaling 15 locations and facilities for seven locations.
Supported banking operations and data mining for marketing, compliance and executive needs. Managed infrastructure and data security initiatives.
Migrated to Cisco Unified Communications VOIP system at all 15 locations.

Alpine Affiliates
Chief Information Officer • September 2001 to December 2004

Overview: Built and managed IT department and related functions including technology equipment procurement, infrastructure design, compliance, data security, call center operations and support for 21 offices and 750 employees across five states. Developed technology implementation/growth plans. Assumed additional authority for facilities management activities including project management and procurement for all new locations, location moves and office expansions, averaging one every 45 days. All delivered on time and on budget.
Executive Highlights
Instrumental in building a highly productive, secure and efficient IT infrastructure from the ground up in just 18 months, with most employees utilizing LOS software and CRM applications within five months. Recognized as one of industry’s most efficient and technologically advanced organizations while tripling staff and revenue.
oBoosted sales by 40% for five months through lead selection optimization and customer demographics lifecycle implementation.
Improved efficiency, business intelligence and security by developing a custom ERP. Migrated all paper-based systems to electronic systems.
o Centralized all systems through thin-net before migrating to web-based applications using SDLC methodologies.
oWorkflow improvements gained in HR, Accounting, Appraisals, Customer Demographic Analysis, CRM, Trouble reporting, Sales Tracking, Employee Feedback and Inventory Controls.
Enhanced SSO (Single Sign-On) functions by interfacing ERP to other email and web-based logins, with system generating its “own” login and passwords, consolidating logins to a single account. This reduced IT time for new hires from 3 hours to zero. No interaction of IT staff required. Automation managed all new employee account setups.
Recovered approximately $102K in over payments from three telephony vendors after reviewing accounting records. Additionally, saved over $23K in monthly operating expenses and trimmed office opening costs by $30K each as part of a vendor management audit.
Earned high praise during IT audit, as part of due diligence by a top 10 bank in negotiations to purchase Alpine. Comments from their CEO to Alpine’s CEO, “We are blown away with the level of technology you have achieved and the low cost in which it was accomplished.” The technology tools and the level of integration we had achieved were sighted as contributing factors to their motivations to purchase Alpine.
WORK SKILLS
Information Security, Cyber Security, Business Intelligence, BI Reporting, Business Analytics, ERP, Enterprise Resource Planning, Leadership, Team Building, Gamification, Contract Negotiations, C-Level Experience, Vendor Relations, Telephony, Infrastructure Design, Application Architecture, Software Architecture, Project Management, Scrum, Agile, SAFe Lean Enterprise, DevOps, Business Process Improvement, Business Continuity, Disaster Recovery Planning, Digital Strategy, Communication Skills (Verbal and Written), Software as a Service (SaaS), Vision, Mockup Screens, IT Strategy, SSO (SAML), Data Mining, Big Data, Procurement, SDLC, Technical Solutions, VDI, Workflow Analysis, VoIP, Firewalls, ITIL, COBIT, Customer Service, Encompass (LOS), Budget Management, Conflict Resolution, Collaboration, Continual Improvement, Software Deployment, Change Management, ShoreTel, Cloud Solutions, Compliance (GLBA, SOX, PCI, NIST), OWASP

SOFTWARE EXPERIENCE
MS Office (Excel, Word, PowerPoint, Visio), SharePoint, MS Project, Smarsheets, VMware, Lansweeper, Team Foundation Server (TFS), Jira, MS Server, Exchange Server, Active Directory
PUBLICATIONS AND OTHER ACHIEVEMENTS
Author of “Servicing PC-Based Equipment” Book, Prentice Hall
Author of over 100 published articles
Host of “The Computer Consultant” radio show
IT Industry Expert/Consultant to CBS, NBC, ABC and Fox News
Contact this candidate