Nilesh Ramrattan Fort Worth, TX 347-***-**** adchjl@r.postjobfree.com Page 1 of 2
CHIEF OF STAFF, INFORMATION SECURITY ADVISORY
Cyber & Information Security Portfolio Management Turnaround Agent
Accomplished Business Strategist and Information Security Expert with a solid record of success, cultivating strong, sustainable businesses on a global scale. More than 20 years of experience delivering exceptional results for high profile companies across the financial services, healthcare, logistics, automotive engineering, cybersecurity, travel, and hospitality industries. Deep expertise in building cohesive teams, streamlining functional workflow, securing and realigning IT infrastructure, and mitigating operational risks.
Project Management Risk Management Mergers & Acquisitions Strategic Planning & Execution Budgeting Relationship Management Operations Management Data Management IT and Cybersecurity Team Building Training Delivery Continuous Process Improvements Portfolio Management Cost Saving Initiatives Complex Issue Resolution Software Development Life Cycle Executive Collaboration Agile/Scrum Methodology Negotiations PCI DSS 3.x, NIST 800-53/171 DISA STIGS ISO/IEC 27001 & 27002
Professional Experience
American Airlines (Subcontracted on behalf of Pricewaterhouse Coopers, LLP) Euless, TX 8/2019 to Present
Chief of Staff, Pricewaterhouse Coopers Advisory Services, LLC.
Optimizing business processes, organizational structure, talent development programs, culture, and operational effectiveness of the team.
Coordinating Internal & External teams to address the needs of the Senior Partner & Client.
Facilitating the protection of the Client Organization in terms of Governance, Regulatory, and Information Security aspects.
Engaging with Legal Counsel and Subject Matter Experts to research, collate, prepare, and proofread artifacts ahead of engagements.
Driving change management, communications, and adoption within the organization for key initiatives via newsletters, all hands, and communication plans.
PepsiCo (Subcontracted on behalf of Pricewaterhouse Coopers, LLP) Plano, TX 12/2017 to 7/2019
Principal Solutions Capability Manager & Chief of Staff, Information Security
Created and managed a foundation to track functional priorities, monthly progress against each, and visuals that enable discussions and alignment.
Facilitated the realignment of personnel resources and job functions, securing buy-in from key stakeholders and team members to streamline reporting and dashboards with prioritized risks.
Implemented a combination of cost-reduction strategies to offset a 50% reduction in the training budget to increase training availability using internal resources, including a “Brown bag” methodology.
Introduced new and modernized processes and procedures to assign, monitor, and evaluate the daily volume and status of actionable items.
HD Vest, TaxAct & Blucora Irving, TX 9/2016-8/2017
Senior Program and Portfolio Manager, Information Security
Tasked with enhancing IT framework and security to protect critical client data from potential threats and associated risks.
Established a formal, written information systems program providing direction and consistency for code refactoring, configuration management, and cloud migration, enabling the company to achieve and maintain regulatory compliance.
Capitalized on knowledge of Agile methodology to train and coach team members to effectively operate within the framework in support of project deliverables and operational objectives.
Hewlett Packard Enterprise (Subcontracted on behalf of Ettain, Inc.) Plano, TX 12/2015-9/2016
Senior Service Delivery Manager, Information Security
Maintained high visibility with high-value clients to identify the root cause(s) of reported dissatisfaction with contracted services.
Enforced service improvement plans based on process improvements of core functional areas, including IT Operations, Security Services, Internal Audit, and the Project Management Office to retain 9 out of 10 assigned clients.
JP Morgan Chase & Co. (Subcontracted on behalf of Judge Technical) Lewisville, TX 4/2015-9/2015
Vice President, Cybersecurity Projects – Auto and Mortgage Banking
Restored confidence in project delivery and service implementation following a significant security breach in 2014 through strategic internal controls, ongoing risk assessments, identity and access management, efficient data management, and more effective communication.
Guided teams through confidential assignments, ensuring full audit trail capabilities, timely acknowledgment of escalations, and adherence to Center of Excellence (CoE) and Continuous Improvement Programs.
Synchrony Financial (formerly GE Capital Finance) Frisco, TX 1/2014 to 4/2015
Director, Project Management
Supported divestiture and rebranding efforts, overhauling existing protocols to streamline and modernize operational processes, policies, and procedures to achieve long-term stability, compliance, and accountability, improving communication and collaborative output with external partners.
Delivered training to all vested parties to ensure full comprehension, acceptance, and adherence to new standards of service delivery.
HD Vest (Subcontracted on behalf of Apex Systems, Inc.) Irving, TX 12/2012 to 12/2013
Project Director
Spearheaded the $5M migration of the data warehouse and supporting infrastructure to a new in-house location following the acquisition from Wells Fargo to Parthenon Capital Partners, ensuring compliance with KYC, AML, SOX, FINRA, and other regulations.
Researched and investigated cost-saving options, sourcing alternatives for a substantiated savings of an initial investment of $3.5MM with a run-rate of $1.35MM per year, thus allowing the organization to fund alternative, critical projects with the realized savings.
Cablevision (Subcontracted on behalf of Apex Systems, Inc.) Bethpage, NY 12/2011 to 12/2012
Senior Project Manager, Digital Media
Adopted a Hybrid Agile-Waterfall Methodology to capitalize on emerging technology and digital marketing strategies to drive ongoing enhancements of the Optimum Brand and its customer-facing websites for Business and Residential customers.
Led a $20M initiative to permit simplified maintenance and the high availability of the Brand’s websites, working in tandem with the Brand Directors, Sales, Marketing, Product, and Legal teams to maintain and technological and competitive edge.
Medco Health Solutions (Contract assignment) Montvale, NJ 10/2009 to 10/2011
Compliance, Director of Projects
Coordinated 11 mission-critical projects in an Agile-Waterfall environment to sustain the organization’s long-term operations.
Led a $5MM government-mandated project aligned with the February 2009 American Recovery & Reinvestment Act (ARRA) Initiative, leveraging the company’s technological advances in science and health to increase economic efficiency.
Liaised with the legal team and Congressional representatives to advocate on behalf of the organization and challenge ineffective rulings.
Earlier Career History
Project Director, Digital McGraw-Hill Digital Learning 3/2008 to 8/2009
Infrastructure Project Director Cigna Healthcare Corporation 8/2007 to 2/2008
Website Project Director Wyndham Worldwide/Cendant Corporation 10/2006 to 5/2007
Director of Information Technology Vanguard Charitable Endowment Program 3/2006 to 9/2006
Vice President, Information Technology AmD Technik USA, LLC 2/2003 to 3/2006
Sr. Program & Project Manager Sea Containers/GE SeaCo & Orient-Express Hotels 1/2002 to 1/2003
Chief Information Officer Regus Latin America 2/2001 to 12/2001
Head of Information Technology Project Management Office (Contract) Regus Business Centres 4/1999 to 2/2001
Helpdesk Team Leader, Project Manager Elsevier Science, b.v. (UK, USA & the Netherlands) 1999 to 1996
Helpdesk Technician Allied Domecq, Spirits & Wines (UK) 1994 to 1996
IT Technician GE Capital IT Solutions, Europe 1994 to 1996
Business Development Consultant AXA Sun-Life (UK) 1987 to 1993
Education, Professional Development & Affiliations
Master of Business Administration, Information Technology – Cheshire University, Hyde, UK
Bachelor of Business Administration, Information Technology – Cheshire University, Hyde, UK
Certifications –Information Technology Infrastructure Library (ITIL & ITSM), Software Control & Distribution
Microsoft Certified Professional (MCP) Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP), In progress
Affiliations – Project Management Institute (PMI) Institute of Advanced Motorists (IAM)

LEADERSHIP IMPACT
Instrumental in a multi-industry Acquisition and Merger on behalf of Orient Express Hotels valued at $62.5M with a 3-yr ROI.
Led the multinational debut of $22M British-based IT company previously operating at a deficit to realize $10M in sales.
Guided the $650M initial public offering of Regus Business Centres, encompassing IT infrastructure across 450 global sites.
Orchestrated the divestiture of Synchrony Financial from GE Capital Retail Finance to support its 2014 launch.
Redesigned the IT infrastructure, back office functionality and data management provisions for a major charitable fund to achieve targeted projections of $1.2B.
Contact this candidate