TIM CROWDER
918-***-****
adchmt@r.postjobfree.com Tim Crowder's LinkedIn Profile
TSA Secret Security Clearance
Information Security leader with 18 years’ IT experience, seven of which focused on Information Security. Formed and successfully led the Information Security department for a global Oil & Gas corporation. Proven ability assessing and mitigating key cyber-risks through a comprehensive, risk-based Information Security program. Excellent leader who engages and motivates employees to achieve company goals and objectives.
STRENGTHS
Information Security policy development
Managing projects and building teams to advance Information Security programs
Awareness training program development
Strategy and roadmap creation utilizing NIST frameworks
Excellent verbal, written, and presentation skills
Technical project development from scoping to execution
Security System implementation, including Firewall, SIEM, Vulnerability Scanner, MFA, Web Filtering
System Administration

EXPERIENCE
SEMGROUP CORPORATION TULSA, OK 2008 - CURRENT
INFORMATION SECURITY SUPERVISOR 2019 - CURRENT
Led global Information Security Department & directed efforts to secure company’s resources, people and reputation.
Formed Security Advisory Committee, made up of executive management, to raise Information Security to the level of employee safety within SemGroup’s culture.
Hired, trained and led a team of analysts, effectively managed their performance through a system of creating and monitoring employee goals and objectives.
Leveraged an outside company to provide managed SIEM & vulnerability scanning of assets. Negotiated contract to provide 24/7 coverage for level 1 events at below market costs.
Developed contractual information security language to be used in contracts with 3rd parties.
Implemented vendor assessment to manage risks from external parties.
Tracked and reported on department budget, stayed within budget 100% of reporting periods.
Created material for Board of Director presentations & attended meetings to provide additional information related to information security.
SENIOR INFORMATION SECURITY ANALYST 2017 – 2018
Created global Information Security Department with a mandate to secure business resources, people and reputation.
Decreased simulated phishing attack failure rate from 25% to 3.6% by developing a company-wide cybersecurity awareness program including newsletters, intranet articles, incentive program and training.
Developed a cybersecurity policy education program that leveraged online games to incentivize review.
Created roadmap, strategy & policies, based on NIST guidelines, for Information Security department.
Led domestic/international Information Security summits to identify cybersecurity risks within the operations environment.
Led multiple working teams to remediate risks identified in summits, reporting results to executive management and Board.
Developed and implemented cloud based Single Sign-On strategy for global organization.
SENIOR INFORMATION SECURITY ANALYST/SENIOR NETWORK ADMIN 2013 – 2017
Chosen to improve cybersecurity posture for SemGroup’s global environment.
Implemented & supported Cisco ASA/FTD firewalls.
Configured access control lists to segment operations networks from business networks.
Designed SemGroup’s secure remote access program.
Implemented annual penetration testing program & led remediation efforts.
SENIOR SYSTEMS ADMINISTRATOR 2009 – 2013
Modernized global server infrastructure by implementing best fit technologies and practices.
Implemented global Exchange system with geographical redundancy.
Assisted in the building of a disaster recovery site, including scoping, implementation and maintenance, which allowed business critical application uptimes greater than 99.999%.
Administered multiple critical technologies such as, Active Directory, web filtering, backups, DHCP, DNS, file shares.
Created first server patching program for SemGroup which resulted in a more secure and stable environment and no unexpected downtime due to patching.
SENIOR DESKTOP ADMINISTRATOR 2008 – 2009
Responsible for researching, recommending and implementing desktop architecture for SemGroup, led technical aspects of a project to create system images of all machines being divested during bankruptcy.
JOHNSON C. SMITH UNIVERSITY CHARLOTTE, NC 2006 – 2008
USER SUPPORT SERVICES MANAGER
Department manager of 26 technicians, responsible for conducting interviews, hiring, training, scheduling, payroll & reviewing performance for all technicians, implemented merit based pay increases for technicians.
SILOAM SPRINGS SCHOOL DISTRICT SILOAM SPRINGS, AR 1998 – 2006
HELPDESK ADMINISTRATOR 2002 - 2006
Primary point of contact for 3,700 users and 1,000 computers across 6 campuses, decreased average response time from 10 days to 1 hour.
8TH GRADE HISTORY & SCIENCE TEACHER 1998 – 2002
Learned lessons in how to clearly communicate ideas and thoughts to groups, strategic planning, setting goals and objectives, and helping others manage tasks.
PROFESSIONAL INVOLVEMENT
Member of American Petroleum Institute (API) team tasked with creating cybersecurity standards for pipeline companies.
Member of FBI Infragard program
Member of Information Systems Security Association International
Featured speaker for outside organizations regarding cybersecurity topics relevant to their members.
EDUCATION
BACHELOR OF SCIENCE IN EDUCTION john brown university 1998
Contact this candidate