Pradeep Lakshmanan

adciu5@r.postjobfree.com
Phone: 206-***-****

I'm an Information Systems Solutions Architect and Program Manager with expertise in Business Architecture (TOGAF/Business Architecture Guild), Business Process Modelling, Requirement Management, Program Management, Customer Relationship Management (SAP, Sales Force Service Cloud and Microsoft Dynamics 365) and Cloud Solutions Architecture.

Have over two decades of experience in the Information Technology industry. Strengths and experience include relationship building, people management, result oriented working approach in a global team environment, leadership, decision-making, problem solving. Have excellent communication skills (written and verbal) and rich experience in presentation and meeting facilitation.

I am a Green Card Holder (US Permanent Resident).

Skills

Commercial Off the Shelf Packages (COTS): SAP CRM, SAP R/3, SAP ECC, SAP S/4 HANA, SalesForce (Sales, Marketing and Service Cloud), Microsoft Dynamics 365
Cloud Computing: Amazon Web Services (AWS), Google Cloud Platform (GCP) and Microsoft Azure, SaaS, IaaS, PaaS, Cloud Enablement
Capabilities: Business Solutions Management, Enterprise / Information / Business Architecture, Business Process Management, Requirements Management, Project Management, Program Management, People Management, Information Security, Risk Management
Frameworks / Methodologies: TOGAF, Business Architecture Guild, APQC, ITIL, Deloitte IP4, Service Oriented Architecture, Waterfall, Agile, DevOps, CI/CD, DataOps
Privacy: GDPR, CCPA, ISO27001
IT Governance: (Performance Management, Implementation Roadmap, Capability Maturity, Risk Management, Information Security, Legal and Regulatory Compliance, Architecture Governance and Managing IT Investment)
Databases: Oracle, HP Vertica, MySql, MS Access and MS SQL Server
Analytics and Visualization: SAP BW, Qlik View, Power BI, Tableau, AWS Cloud Analytics (AWS direct connect, Amazon S3, Redshift), Azure Data Lake, Cloud Data Fusion
Languages: HTML, Java Script, Visual Basic, Java

Professional Experience

Savers Value Village Village des Valeurs Unique from January 2020 till date
Role: Solutions Delivery Manager / Program Manager
As a solutions delivery manager, my responsibility is to ensure that projects are delivered on time and within budget. Implemented accounting help desk on Microsoft Dynamics 365 CRM with capabilities like automatic case creation from emails, case analysis, case assignment and case resolution. Led the FUNDrive project which is a cloud (Azure) based web application to register prospects, organizations and fundraising events. Web app had integration with Dynamics 365 CRM and Dynamics Finance & Operations for payments to organizations. Methodology followed was Agile (2 week sprints) using ADO (Azure Dev Ops).

TaxMaker Inc from October 2019 till date
Role: Solutions Delivery Manager
Involved in architecting and managing the Cloud (Microsoft Azure) based scalable and on-demand tax filing website solution and iOS/Android app. Modules include sign up & sign in for customer and tax professional, admin module for questionnaire and pricing, payment processing, chat and document upload. Managing the solution delivery using agile and dev ops methodology.

PJP Consulting LLC from Aug 2019 to September 2019
Role: Project Manager and Architect
Involved in architecting and managing the Cloud (Microsoft Azure) based Algorithmic Trading Product to trade futures (Index Futures, Interest Rate and Grains Futures). Design is based on Azure DevOps (formerly VSTS Visual Studio Team Services) using containers and microservices to create build and release pipelines that provide continuous integration (CI), delivery and deployment (CD).

Hewlett Packard (HP Inc) from June 2006 to Aug 2019
Role: Program Manager and Information Systems Solutions Architect

In my 13 years of work experience at HP’s Service Delivery Architecture department of Customer Service, I have been Involved in multiple projects in the areas of Project and Program management, business architecture, business process and requirement management. Acted as a liaison between business and IT teams. Was responsible for providing Business Solution expertise and consultancy to subject matter experts. Diagnosed business problems, performed issue analysis and proposed solutions.

Program Management
Led multiple projects and programs relating to Analytics and Reporting & Business Intelligence, Customer Relationship Management, gERP (Global Enterprise Resource Planning) and Supply Chain on SAP ECC and SAP S/4 HANA. Ensured that project scope was clear and tracked the scope changes. Ensured that the project was implemented on budget and on schedule. Ensured that all project related artifacts were documented promptly. Tracked issues, risks and decisions. Created executive level presentations on project scope / timelines / budgets and presented project status to the extended team.
Some of the projects/ programs are listed below:
Led Sales and Service Order Management Migration Project from SAP ECC to SAP S/4 HANA which has the following capabilities – Order Capture, Modify Order after Launch, Order Routing, Fulfillment, Shipping, Reverse Logistics and Invoicing.
Multiple Business Intelligence projects in SAP BW and Azure Data Lake / Power BI involving both Operational Monitoring and Operational Analytics using Agile. Operational Analytics Dashboards were developed for these subject areas – Case, Quick Case, Service Order, Work Order, Call Back, Part Order, Chat, Elevation and Complaints.
ISO 27001 certification (pertaining to information security, GDPR, CCPA and customer data privacy) for Customer Break Fix business processes. Worked with internal Cybersecurity team and external auditors to get the ISO 27001 certification. Architected the solution for California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) for customer request for data deletion through Datawarehouse reports from marketing, sales and service datasets. Managed a team of 20 software developers to fix vulnerabilities in over 25 IT assets covering sales, marketing and service.
Customer Service onboarding project when HP bought the Samsung printer division. Managed a team of 10 software developers to integrate Samsung customer, installed base and case data into HP Inc systems. Led the Cloud Analytics project for 'Read Only Cases' which involved these capabilities - Data movement from on premise to cloud (AWS direct connect), Data Storage (Amazon S3) and Data warehousing (Amazon Redshift).
Virtual Assistant: Selected and managed the vendor’s developers to implement the Chatbot project which was based on artificial intelligence / machine learning.
Business Continuity Tool for Microsoft Dynamics 365 leading a team of 5 developers

Enterprise Architecture
As a Lead Information Systems Architect with experience in TOGAF / Business Architecture Guild methodology, have accomplished implementing end to end Technical Architecture which includes translating Industry Research/Vision/Goals/Strategy/Customer Experience to form Value Streams, Capability Catalog, Asset Master, Information Architecture, Application & Platform Architecture, Business Process Repository and Strategically Aligned 3 to 5 year Capability Roadmap with an aim to propose IT projects based on Capabilities.
Created and implemented the Business Process Management framework consisting of six elements – Process Ownership. Process Definition, Execute and Measure, Review, Improve and Rewards & Recognition.

People Management Experience
Led a team of over 15 Business Analysts in a large CRM upgrade project and let a team of Architects for the Enterprise Architecture deliverables.

Project and Domain Experience
Involved in numerous Global projects. Some keys ones are listed below:
ASTRO2 – A SAP CRM based solution used by over 10,000 call center agents in over 135 countries. Worked in the Assisted domain in the areas of Account Identification, Transactions (Service Ticket, Service Order and Quick Close), Problem Identification and Solution Delivery (Knowledge Search), Email Response Management System (ERMS), Escalation and Complaints. Led the upgrade from SAP CRM 5 to SAP CRM 2007
Migration of the SAP CRM global solution to Sales Force Service Cloud. Used Object Manager to create custom objects (Complaints, call backs and service order). Configured case team and queue, auto response rule & email templates and used report builder to create new reports and dashboards.
Migration of Sales Force Service Cloud solution to Microsoft Dynamics 365 CRM. Worked on creating & managing queues and routing rules. Gathered requirements and wrote functional design document for Customer Master data integration and knowledge search.
Supply Chain: Sales and Service Order Management Project: Gained expertise in Supply Chain domain in the areas of sales and service order management, modify order after launch, computer hardware services, entitlement, procurement, and keep customer informed.
Analytics - 360 degree view of customer from sales, marketing and service touch points

SAP CRM Configuration
Involved in numerous SAP CRM configurations in areas like Organization Model, Business Transactions and email forms.

Requirement Gathering
Conducted VCRM (Value Chain Requirement Management Workshops) for project working group and SME’s and involved in collecting, validating and prioritizing customer & functional, security & legal requirements.
Performed gap analysis and identified opportunities for enhancements.

Business Process Management
Supported the client’s CRM Business Process Owners globally, to ensure business process design and supporting SAP configuration is in line with the global strategy.
Involved in modeling current and future state business processes

Business Validation, Testing and Go-Live Support
Involved in creating business validation and user acceptance testing plans, logging defects, providing production support for global go-live rollouts

Previous Work Experience
SAP CRM Functional Consultant at Anid Infosoft LLC from 2004 to 2006
SAP CRM Functional Consultant at Intellient Decision Systems Inc from 2001 to 2004
Vice President, Business Development at Payment Online Corporation, from 2000 to 2001
IT Consultant (Web Applications) at Innovation Group Inc, Bellevue from 2000 to 2000
Software Developer at Innovation Software Exports Ltd, Chennai, India from 1992 to 2000

Academic Qualification
B.S. (Mechanical) - (1984) from Madhav Institute of Technology and Science
MS in Industrial Engineering - (1986) from National Institute for Training in Industrial Engineering
Contact this candidate