Ida Ivowi
C*C (Self Inc) or **** Only
adcjjz@r.postjobfree.com
Tel: 615-***-****

Project Management – Compliance – HR – Data Integration
Innovative Portfolio Management professional, with over 20 years' experience in program and project management, specializing in HR, IT Infrastructure, Software Application, Information Security, Release Management, Compliance, DMS and Business Transformation, across various industries, including Finance, Retail, Healthcare, Pharma, Aviation, and Government. A professional with proven success in leading and managing complex global projects. MBA qualified with over ten year's entrepreneurial experience lending an understanding of business and a passion for IT. A highly developed sense of empathy, leading to healthy personal and productive relationships with customers, peers, direct reports, suppliers, and leadership. Implementation and integration of client-facing systems and coordination of Internal Audit Controls. Excellent communication and team player skills working with colleagues at all organizational levels. Highly effective in:

•Portfolio and Program Management
•Regulatory Compliance
•Information Security /Cyber Security
•Project Delivery (PMLC, SDLC, ITIL)
•AML, KYC CDD, SOX
•Incident Tracking & Reporting
•Stakeholder Management
•HIPPA, FDA, GDPR
•Vulnerability Assessments
•Vendor Contract & Risk Management
•Governance, HR
•Risk Assessment/Impact Analysis
•Release Management/Service Delivery
•Operational procedure assessment
•Network and Systems Security
•Business Relationship Management
•Internal Audit Controls
•Configuration Management
•Global Resource Management
•Policy Planning/Implementation
•Access Management

Certifications

Project Management Professional (PMP)
Certified Scrum Master (CSM)
CIPP/US (In Progress)
ITIL V3 Foundation Certification
Prince 2 Practitioner (Prince II)
CIPT In Progress)
Microsoft Certified Professional (MCP)

Education

Juris Doctorate Law (2019) Thomas M Cooley Law School, United States
MBA e-Business (2009) Aston Business School England
B.Ed. Biology (1992) University of Benin, Edo State Nigeria

Technical Skills

Mid-Level and Legacy Server Implementations
VPN Implementation, Archer RSA, Splunk, Arch sight
HP-UX, Windows, SQL, ORACLE Databases
Apache, JBoss, Tomcat, WebLogic
Server Build-out, UNIX, Windows Servers, Configuration and Monitoring, Rally, Front range Heat, ServiceNow.
Network Implementation and Monitoring
Data Migration, Integration and Interfaces
Cabling Design and installation Cat 5 and wireless
WiMAX technology, Wireless broadband, telephony
C++, Visual Basic, JIRA TFS
Cognos, eMart, Informatica
Actimize, Mantras, Collabra
Adobe Enterprise Manager/Professional
Visier HR Analytics
OpenText DMS
HP Quality Centre
HP Application Lifecycle Management
Oracle Financials, Peoplesoft 9.2
Use Case/Use Stories Development
Test Management Lifecycle
MS Office Suite (MS Project 2013, MS Visio included) Office 365
SharePoint 2010, Salesforce, Epic, Meditech, Hyperion
Clarity 2013, Workday, Fieldglass, COTS, SMS/SCCM
MS Project Server 2010, Plan View Lawson HR
Lean Kit Kanban Project Management Life Cycle, Agile Waterfall, Lean Scrum
Prince II, SAP BI, Six Sigma
Software Development Life Cycle
Quality Assurance Life Cycle

Highlighted Career Achievements

Engaged with the vendor to produce HR business intelligence analytics to allow C-Level executives to make an informed decision regarding corporate matters and implemented a new HR Document and Records management application in two regions. Successfully managed the upgrade of pertinent servers. (Estee Lauder and Wolters Kluwer).
Conducted JAD sessions with various stakeholders to understand current processes fully, conducted GAP analysis, and created a future state process, which included Visio process diagrams. Pharma, Finance, and Aviation IT projects, initiated from these processes with necessary Business Requirement Documentation, and built an in-house repository for all created documents. (NY Langone and DaVita and Morgan Stanley).
I have successfully integrated Oracle Financials with Amazon utilizing a CXML interface to produce an invoice, POA, and ASNs to automate AP processes. I have also integrated Concur expenses with Oracle Financials Suite of PeopleSoft ERP system. Documented new procedures, created a collaboration SharePoint site to help monitor adherence to necessary audits for policy regulation. (NY Langone).
Engaged in the redesign and overhaul of Division's PMO processes and procedures, defining phases in release management and project lifecycle with complete process workflows. Customized portfolio and program management software to make the team more efficient, thereby reducing the number of customized fields from 109 to 45. Developed a new external-facing release management SharePoint site to allow for transparency between various stakeholders. (Morgan Stanley).
Liaised with external vendors to produce a 3-year strategic roadmap to improve Information Security Maturity. Facilitated workshops and business case development to obtain $80M in funding for the program. Engaged with the sourcing department and carried out RFPs and RFQS for a vendor to automate Cyber Security incidence reporting to various regulatory bodies. (MUFG).
Successfully managed and executed the transition of a 40-Million-dollar Revenue Generation enterprise-wide clinical program, ensuring adequate management of the legacy system integration with new software. As part of the program, worked on the data integration project using DocuShare to manage patient records and allow for single billing. Received Core Value award for Accountability. (DaVita Inc.).
Planned and conducted training for a new enterprise-wide revenue application to ensure adherence to new policies and procedures were in line with industry-standard change management procedures. (DaVita Inc.).
Served as a member of the Quality Centre for Excellence, responsible for championing enterprise-wide Clinical and IT project management governance, with the integration of Agile Scrum and created templates for sprint project work plans and break down structures utilizing Microsoft project. (HCA).

Professional Experience

Estee Lauder Group of Companies (NY) 01/2018 – Date
HR, Business Intelligence and Analytics Reporting
Providing Project Management/Scrum Master duties which include:
Managing Projects to implement a records and documents management system for HR intake and ongoing support for two geographical regions.
Project managing the integration of employee relations with Salesforce, to allow for easier reporting and auditing in line with all federal and state regulatory requirements.
Project management of new Visier cloud-based, SaaS People Analytics, Workforce Planning, and Talent Acquisition Analytics platform, which include implementing security profiles, roles as part of the implementation.
Working with various departments such as enterprise architecture, enterprise security, legal, and support. This ensures compliance with all regulatory bodies and corporate requirements.
Working with Financial SMEs to manage the budget of programs and working to gain budgetary approval for new projects.
Producing sprint calendars and conducting sprint planning sessions as a scrum master.
Producing program reports via SharePoint and PPM program portfolio management on a bi-weekly basis.

Wolters Kluwer (Remote) 03/2018 – 03/2019
Windows 2008 to 2016 Upgrade Project for Physical and Virtual Servers
Provided Project, Program, and Release management globally, duties included:
Worked with business and compliance teams managing workflow for requisitions, user access, and provisioning, security audit and review, and assisted in drawing up compliance and policy documentation as well as operation manuals
Worked with the Asset Management department to manage IT asset management, which included the reconciliation of assets via various discovery tools.
Liaised with Global divisions to collate information regarding upgrade plans for servers
Worked with Architects to decide on infrastructure to be decommissioned due to end of the life cycle
Liaised with a third-party vendor to schedule meetings and cadence for upgrade
Worked with the vendor to produce deliverables for the Discovery, design, execute, and Data Centre Ready stages.
Established and maintained rapport with stakeholders to comprehend business requirements and facilitate the successful delivery of assigned Data Centre projects.
Produced program reports via SharePoint and Innotas PPM program portfolio management.

NYU Langone Health (NY) 05/2017 – 05/2018
Portfolio & Program Management/ Release Management - (Finance and Supply Chain Management (FSCM), ITAM, Peoplesoft)
Provided Portfolio and Release management to the Financial and supply chain group, duties included:
Lead quality governance activities to meet quality objectives. Implemented shared best practice processes, models, such as initiating documentation via the shared portal (SharePoint) to collate and maintain organizational resources.
Managed program to integrate NYU Langone supply chain with GHX, on projects like NuVia, Provider Intelligence, and Vendor Manager, as part of the overall portfolio strategy.
Integrated Peoplesoft CRM module, utilizing Agile Scrum methodology facilitating daily standup, sprint planning, and retrospective meetings.
Worked with business and compliance teams managing workflow for requisitions, user access, and provisioning, security audit and review, and assisted in drawing up compliance and policy documentation as well as operation manuals.
Worked with the Asset Management department to manage IT asset management, which included the reconciliation of assets via various discovery tools.
Established and maintained rapport with stakeholders to comprehend business requirements and facilitate the successful delivery of assigned clinical data projects.
Integrated diverse projects and ensured compliance with work procedures with established standards and FDA regulations.
Monitored and managed project change control requests while resolving issues, to upgrade Peoplesoft modules.

Morgan Stanley (NY) 08/2015 – 05/2017
Portfolio/Release Management- Technology &Operations Management Systems (TOMS) Managing multiple Releases for programs within the portfolio
Provided Portfolio and Release management to the TOMS group, duties included:
Managed multiple Releases for applications within the portfolio.
Oversight of all incoming new work requests, assisting senior management with continuous portfolio management (status projection, resource planning, new request monitoring), ongoing budget review (actual v budget analysis, monthly and quarterly projections), cost estimation across the portfolios.
Oversaw the deployment and maintenance of an IT Compliance and Risk Assessment model and oversaw Process re-engineering and change management for the whole division.
Implemented PMO policies and procedures and Procedures and worked with Project Managers via training on implementation, maintenance, and adherence to new policies.
Ensured adoption of TOMS IT policies, procedures, and controls and help define and implement process improvement initiatives supporting the IT organization, Lead IT Leadership to ensure SOX, GDPR, process documentation was current and accurate for all IT areas.
Program managed the migration to ECM (Enterprise Content Management program) Workday/Fieldglass, including timekeeping application integration with Kronos. Training of staff on the new platform, which amalgamated all staff resource information in one place.
Coordinated scoping for each release and balancing supply vs. demand for delivery by resource management planning with Technical Leads to ensure adequate resource cover during development and testing phases.
Process re-engineering, current streamlined process, and documented processes and procedures as organizational process assets for the firm, which included Lesson Learned, Risk/Issue Register.
Streamlined process steps in tools utilized and managing Release Portfolio SharePoint site.
Ensured the Risks and issues register was updated regularly with mitigation strategies to resolve risks while keeping the stakeholders abreast of the situation.

Mitsubishi Union Bank (NY) 09/2014 – 04/2015
Program Management Lead – Enterprise Information Security
Managed multiple projects within the Enterprise Information Security Program.
Managed multiple projects. Remediated regulatory audit findings related to sensitive data and data integrity monitoring and Cyber Security.
Established department protocol and SOP's for project-based website implementation, trained and fostered new junior account staff on project execution and client relationship development
Developed detailed Project Charter, Business Case, SOW, BRD, Risk Assessment, Enterprise Financial Worksheet, ROI, Source Management, Clarity Project Financial Management, and resource management.
Managed Project work-plan activities in MS Project, 2010 (Server), and MS Project 2013, also utilizing Visio to support Architecture communications and workflow development during design and build. Form Communication Plan, support strategy plans, activity schedules, (WBS), project estimates, resource plans, budgets, and status reports, and Provided strategic compliance roadmaps.
Liaised Services with 3rd party vendors, consultants, and professional service providers, ensuring NDAs, MSAs, Service Agreements, Contracts, and Maintenance Contracts are current, well written, and documented.

DaVita Inc (TN) 07/2012 – 04/2014
Program Manager/Scrum Master
Provided Program Management and Scrum Master consulting to the Revenue Operations Department (ROPS) including:
Managed over 150 employees. Employees were Business Analysts, Architects, Developers, other Project Managers, Product Managers, and Quality Assurance Managers on and Offshore. Program managed the overall program to ensure that inter-dependencies among clinical projects were efficient.
Provided guidance and support to in-progress Project Managers, in the areas of project planning/project tracking, status reporting, issue management, risk mitigation, and role definitions, and utilizing PMI methodology.
Developed and maintained monthly rolling estimates, in addition to establishing goals and milestones as per desired results stipulated by the program. Leading and managing software development programs and deliverables from an SDLC perspective.
Worked with Project Managers on various streams of BI projects, which included and were not limited to ETL, reports development using tools such as Cognos.
Worked with the company's internal & external auditors to ensure continued compliance with regulatory (SOX, Privacy, HIPPA, FDA, etc.) requirements. Managed internal control standards, serving as the central point of data gathering and data integrity. Establishing and managing monthly GRC performance scorecard.
Utilized Lean methodology (Scrum Master), and managed sprint iterations for Quality Control testing. Managed Implementation of Adobe Enterprise Manager, using a 24-hour cycle with Off and Onshore resources, thereby reducing pilot deployment time by one month.

Hospital Corporation of America (TN) 01/ 2011 – 07/2012
Senior Project Manager/Scrum Master
Project Manager for SAP Optimization Blueprint. Managed and developed the pre-project work products required for project planning, budget estimation, and statement of work. Managed a team of 10 consultants to conduct Inventory, MRP, Purchasing, Quality, Production, and Logistics process improvement workshops, technical document requirements, establish data governance organization, cleanse data and develop the implementation plan for BI.
Managed the replacement and transition of all Hospital intranet sites with vendor Liferay to include Secure Forms, E-commerce, Design & Aesthetics, Content, Navigation, Information Architecture, Branding/Marketing, Performance, Functionality, and Internet marketing including social media integration. Total of 941 sites converted within schedule and on budget and no clinical data loss. Worked with Amazon AWS to deploy applications using cloud technology.
Protected the team from over-commitment, managed backlog, prioritized resolution of defects/bugs as evidenced by the on-time delivery of 941 significant initiatives.
Developed project-release initiation documents for the Salesforce program. Reviewed and assessed project owner needs, worked with sponsors to define the CRM project. Identified risks/constraints and mitigation strategies for each document scope, build the project plan, create a project schedule, and Definition project success criteria.
Project Execution: Maintain the status of Salesforce-related projects, both strategic and operational, and prepare periodic reports on project status to executive management.
Managed code-development lifecycle, from use case creation to sprints, and deployment.
Provided status of the project to C Level executives, sat on committees to establish how to incorporate Scum in PMO standard methodology and templates.
Served as a member of the Quality Centre for Excellence, responsible for championing enterprise-wide Clinical and IT project management governance, with integrating Agile.
Other Work Experience:
Snipett Couriers, Atlanta GA USA 2006 - 2012
Consultant Project Manager- Campus Wide Area Network Deployment Project, E-library Dev Project 2002 - 2004
Project Manager Snipett.com - Wi-MAX Technology Deployment Project 2001 - 2003
Project Manager Delta State University, West Africa 2000 - 2011
Owner/CEO Snipett Group of Companies, branches in United Kingdom, United States and Africa 1999 - 2012
Consultant Project Manager/SME - T Mobile, O2, Eastern Electricity, National Grid, United Kingdom 1997 - 1999
Contact this candidate