Page * of *
Harish Siripurapu
**** ******** ******* ***
Ellicott City, MD 21043
Phone: 410-***-****
Email: adcjiq@r.postjobfree.com
CISSP, CIPP
Global Cyber Security Leader
Summary
A Cyber Security Enterprise Risk Management leader offering Fortune 100 expertise and leadership. Expertise areas include C Suite Collaboration, Security Transformation, Business Enablement, Coaching and Mentoring, Compliance Management, and more. Seeking a global cyber security leadership role. Education
Masters of Science in Computer Engineering (with focus on Information Security), University of South Carolina
Bachelor of Engineering in Computer Sciences, University of Madras Professional Experience
Founder, Cyber Align LLC (cyberalign.com) 09/ 2019 to Present Providing cyber strategy and operations consulting with a unique combination of Big 4 consulting and in-house CISO expertise. Services include :
Virtual CISO Incident Response and Preparednesss
Cyber program development Cyber compliance design and execution
Cyber operations design and implementation Data protection and privacy Director of Global Security (CISO), Sitecore 10/2016 to 08/2019 Sitecore is a global digital experience management (DXM) company which has for the past 9 years been a leader in the Gartner Magic Quadrant. In addition to creating DXM software, Sitecore provides DXM services as cloud- based offerings. Sitecore is being used by 5,200 brands, and has a community of 22,000 developers globally. As Sitecore’s first information security leader, I transformed its security program to align with its business and compliance objectives, which included incorporating a balance between risk management and business enablement. As part of the transformation, I influenced the Board of Directors, executive management and business units on policy and risk appetite.
C Suite Collaboration and Leadership Presentations: Chair of the Information Security Steering committee, and active member of Data Governance Committee, which was comprised of “C” Suite Leaders, on information security and compliance matters. Defined a set of measures from within the information security program inclusive of strategy, governance, operations and compliance-based metrics for monthly review. Adapted my presentation style to these various audiences by speaking their language, by presenting at the audience’s pace of learning and by clarifying my chosen language.
Board Presentation Preparation: Created the quarterly information security report and prepared the Chief Legal Officer to present it to the Board of Directors.
Page 2 of 3
Cyber Security Budget and Leadership: Directed and accountable for an annual budget of $4 million dollars annually with oversight of a cross-functional high performing team of 35 information security professionals located in 7 countries.
Insurance Cost Reduction: Collaborated with the CLO and CFO to present security spending solutions to the Board of Directors that when implemented, resulted in year-upon-year errors and omissions insurance premium reductions that far exceeded the original security spending. Global Regulatory Compliance: Implemented enterprise cybersecurity strategies for governance and operations that allowed Sitecore to comply with ISO 27001, ISO 27017, ISO 27018, CSA STAR, PCI DSS, SOC 2, GDPR and Privacy Shield in a period of 15 months.
Mergers & Acquisitions: Led the due diligence and integration planning for two acquisitions. Facilitated the due- diligence discovery, definition of the transition service agreements and the migration of all security operations. Threat Management and Risk Assessment: Partnered with the IT and Cloud Operations to develop an inventory of information and cyber risks within the broader context of the enterprise risk management framework. Implemented information security risk assessment program, which included IT assets, cloud assets, vendors and facilities. Identified and managed cyber risks in the supply chain and enforced acceptable security standards. Defined risk ownership framework in a highly decentralized operating environment. Evaluated complex business and technical requirements and communicated inherent and residual risk and solutions to technical and non- technical business owners.
Business Unit Collaboration: Developed strong collaborative working relationships with groups throughout the enterprise that are involved with information security matters (IT, Cloud Operations, Legal, Audit, Physical Security, Product Management and Engineering.).
Business Enablement: Developed strong relationships with Sales and Marketing Departments. Creates Sales enablement materials (e.g., whitepapers), attended customer calls and played a crucial role in the increase of annual revenue by 20%.
Security Strategy Planning: Strategy owner for Data Protection, Security Architecture, Security Operations, Secure Software Development, Incident Response and Disaster Recovery. Defined enterprise information security policy framework, which included documenting policies, procedures and standards. Security Architecture: Reviewed the enterprise security architecture, and re-designed it to enforce security zones and defined procedural, preventative and detective controls to fit business needs. Led the execution of network security review, which included the network architecture review, and firewall configuration review. Reduced the number of firewall rules by 30%.
Security Operations: Implemented the organization’s first security operations center with an advanced security analytics solution, which included monitoring of internal network as well as cloud resources. Integrated threat intelligence to security analytics, and implemented the workflows for detecting, reporting and responding to incidents. Automated the identity and access management process. Reduced user provisioning SLA by 60%, while reducing help desk tickets by 35%. Implemented vulnerability management program using automated vulnerability scanning tools, which included network infrastructure, cloud resources and web properties. Reduced the mean remediation time for critical vulnerabilities to 48 hours. Implemented privileged access management solutions for high risk users which included whitelisting of applications. Secure DevOps: Developed and implemented secure software development program which aligned with Microsoft’s Security Development Lifecycle framework. Led the execution of application penetration tests and related remediation. Designed and implemented DevSecOps processes for customer-facing SaaS services. Cyber Resilience: Acted as chair of the security incident response team and managed the incident response process, which included forensic investigations and response mechanisms to both internal and external customer- facing incidents. Developed and tested disaster recovery plans, which included both on-prem IT assets as well as well as cloud-based resources.
Page 3 of 3
Email Security and Security Awareness: Implemented email security program which included data loss prevention and advanced phishing protection. Implemented custom email security controls to counter BEC attacks. Implemented security awareness program which included (a) LMS based training, (b) town-hall presentations, and
(c) newsletters and advisories. Decreased the number of phishing emails by 85%, and the phishing success rate by 95%
PricewaterhousCoopers 07/2013 to 07/2016
Director, Cybersecurity and Privacy Consulting
Security Transformation: Assisted Fortune 100 companies with development of security strategies across people, process and technology domains. Managed security program transformation to implement security technologies and processes, including consolidation of security functions, outsourcing of security operations, and development of security capabilities.
Regulatory Remediation: Assisted Fortune 100 companies with responding to critical regulatory findings (GLBA, HIPAA, PCI DSS). Assisted in defining remediation roadmap, implementing enhancements to security operations, and validation of remediation programs.
NIST CSF Compliance: Led multiple NIST CSF assessments at leading institutions and assisted CISOs to develop roadmap to align with CSF requirements.
Cyber Incident Response Readiness: Reviewed incident response plans, and updated them to align with organizational objectives and processes. Conducted multiple tabletop exercises to test the effectiveness of incident response plans.
Accenture 04/2012 to 06/2013
Senior Manager, Cybersecurity Consulting
Enterprise Security Governance: Designed and implemented enterprise security governance framework components (Three Lines of Defense Model), including processes for policy development, management oversight, monitoring and reporting, compliance testing and issues management. Data Security Strategy: Assessed data security practices and developed a data security strategy, which included a multi-year roadmap with procedural and technological enhancements to protect data at rest and in motion. PricewaterhousCoopers 10/2004 to 04/2012
Associate to Manager, Cybersecurity and Privacy Consulting Global Delivery: Developed a global delivery approach to executing security assessments for both internal systems and third-party service providers, which included development of the operating model, hiring and training of offshore resources, and monitoring of daily operations. Managed a team of 30 onshore and offshore staff members responsible for assessments, issue/gap identification and remediation tracking. Forensic Investigations: Worked on multiple incident response cases, including computer forensics. Supported multiple e-discovery requests, which included evidence collection and preservation. Data Loss Prevention: Led the implementation of industry leading data loss prevention solutions. Activities included development of DLP requirements, selection of product, designing the solution, deploying and configuring the product, and development of operations manuals.
Contact this candidate