Please note: I am in NJ, USA on B* visit visa and I can relocate but I need sponsorship (H1B, EB2, EB3, NIW…etc.)

Dear Sir / Madam,

I am writing to express my interest in a suitable vacancy at your organization matching my qualifications, and professional experience.

I am Chief Internal Auditor, CIA Certified Internal Auditor, CISA Certified Information Systems Auditor, CISM Certified Information Security Manager, CRISC Certified in Risk and Information Systems Control, CGEIT Certified in the Governance of Enterprise IT, CRMA Certification in Risk Management Assurance, CFE Certified Fraud Examiner, CA Chartered Accountant (Egypt), with 15+ years of work experience in Big 4 Audit firms & MNC Multinational Companies as an Assurance & Advisory Services Senior Manager Professional.

Areas of Expertise:

•Internal Audit & Controls.
•Enterprise Risk Management ERM.
•Information Systems & Cyber Security Management.
•Governance of Enterprise IT.
•Corporate Governance & Compliance.
•Fraud Examination & Forensic Audit.
•Statutory Audit & Financial Accounting.

I am currently working on passing CISSP exam (2nd attempt) & CCSP, and also planning afterward for CPA, SSCP, CMA, CSSLP qualifications.

I have an extensive and in-depth insight of the business environment in the MENA and International exposure as I have managed many engagements in Europe, Asia, and Africa, in addition to excellent financial, computer, teamwork, report writing, leadership, and communication skills.

Furthermore, I have acquired extensive exposure to various industries (Telecom, Banking, Financial Services, Investments, Insurance, Manufacturing, Construction, and Trading).

I am seeking a progressive organization that can offer me the opportunity to advance my skills, work experience and one that will allow my analytical skills and commitment to high-quality work to flourish.

I believe that the skills I have acquired in the course of my qualifications, professional experience and certifications will be valuable assets to your organization.

Attached is my resume for your review. I look forward to hearing back from you soon.

Thank you very much for your time & consideration.

Sincerely,

Islam Fathy

CIA, CISA, CISM, CRISC, CGEIT, CRMA, CFE, CA (Egypt)

È+1-862-***-**** USA.

adcm7r@r.postjobfree.com

È+1-862-***-**** USA.
adcm7r@r.postjobfree.com

Islam Fathy
Career Objective

I am seeking a suitable position in sectors of Internal Audit, Enterprise Risk Management, Information Systems & Cyber Security Management, Corporate Governance & Compliance, Fraud Examination & Forensic Audit, and Statutory Audit & Financial Accounting.

Education & Professional Certifications (Completed & Yet in progress)

CIA Certified Internal Auditor, CRMA Certification in Risk Management Assurance - Institute of Internal Auditors IIA, USA.
CISA Certified Information Systems Auditor, CISM Certified Information Security Manager, CRISC Certified in Risk and Information Systems Control, CGEIT Certified in the Governance of Enterprise IT - Information Systems Audit & Control Association, ISACA, USA.
CFE Certified Fraud Examiner - Association of Certified Fraud Examiners ACFE, USA.
CISSP Certified Information Systems Security Professional, CCSP Certified Cloud Security Professional - The International Information System Security Certification Consortium (ISC), USA. (Yet in progress).
CPA Certified Public Auditor - AICPA, USA. (Yet in progress, California’s candidate).
CA Charted Accountant (Egypt), since 2003.
B.Com. Major: Accounting, Sept. 1993 – May 1997, Mansoura University, Egypt. (Eqv. to B.Com. Accounting in USA).

Professional Work Experience

May 2013 – April 2019 Chief Internal Auditor, Qatar Sports Investment Company, Qatar.

QSI is a state-owned company. The main activities include developing, executing, and managing all types of sports entertainment, tourism and related projects with consolidated Assets of US$ 2 B. & Equity of US$ 1.5 B.

Key Achievements / Responsibilities:

Leading the Internal Audit Department, developing the ERM-based Internal Audit IA Plan of the company and its subsidiaries (Qatar, UK, & France) and submitting it to the Audit Committee.
Ensuring that IA plan, charter, resources of the internal audit department are aligned and consistent with the organization's strategy and objectives.
Establishing appropriate policies and procedures to guide the internal audit department, and ensuring high-quality engagements (assurance and consulting) are delivered.
Reviewing and appraising the soundness, adequacy, and application of accounting, financial and operational controls through internal audit engagements of different departments/processes.
Participating in the Audit Committee meetings to present IA Reports and other matters relating to the overall controls of operations of the company and its subsidiaries.
Undertaking special investigations as per direction of the Audit Committee.

Jan. 2011 – April 2013 A. Finance Manager, AFH Investments Co. (parent of Kuwait Projects KIPCO), Kuwait.

KIPCO Group is one of the biggest diversified holding companies in the Middle East and North Africa, with consolidated Assets of US$ 20 B. The Group has significant ownership interests in a portfolio of over 70 companies operating across 26 countries.
Key Achievements / Responsibilities:

Reviewing financial reports, monitoring accounts, and investigate ways to improve profitability.
Directing activities in Finance Department, and overseeing major accounting transactions.
Ensuring compliance with applicable statutory requirements, laws, and preparing related reports as required.

Oct. 2008 – Sept. 2010 Manager – Internal Audit & Risk Advisory, Protiviti, Kuwait.
Jan. 2008 – Sept. 2008 A. Manager – Internal Audit & Risk Advisory.

Key Achievements / Responsibilities:

Conducted Fraud Investigation engagement (related to Revenue Assurance) for major Telecom Operator Company in MENA.
Independently conducted Financial Due Diligence engagement in South Korea for a Kuwaiti company taking over a major US’s logistics company in South Korea.
Out-sourced as Financial Controller for 3 months to a large Medical Company in the Middle East to lead the Finance Department to set up the accounting function to ensure a fair presentation of the Financial Statements of Year-End 2009.
Responsible for clients’ satisfaction and ensuring that each engagement project is performed to quality standards and it meets client’s needs.
Focusing on developing business opportunities to provide more value-added services to current / potential clients’ portfolio.
Managing Internal Audit engagements for many clients in different industries across the MENA region, GCC, Turkey, Sudan.
Reviewing final IA engagements reports to ensure that observations, risks, and recommendations are based on the work carried out and add value to clients.
Developing and maintaining effective relationships with my clients’ portfolio and subordinates.
Attending Audit Committees meetings of my clients to discuss IA reports and to help them oversee the effectiveness of the internal control system in their companies.
Deep understanding of Integrated Risk & Control Frameworks as COSO-IC, COSO-ERM, ISO 31000, ISO 27K Series, COBIT 5, and Global Standards as IASB-IFRS, US-GAAP, IAASB-ISA, AICPA-SAS, IIA-IPPF, ISACA-IS.

Oct. 2006 – Dec. 2007 Supervisor – Internal Audit, MOORE Global, Kuwait.
Oct. 2005 – Sept. 2006 Senior – Internal Audit.

Key Achievements / Responsibilities:

Independently conducted Internal Audit engagement for a holding company & its 10 subsidiaries operating in different business sectors including (Construction, Trading, and Manufacturing).
Independently conducted Fraud Investigation engagement for major airline company (loss discovered up to US$ 21M).
Independently Trained 6 auditors for a major Gov. Entity in Internal Audit Co-Sourcing engagement.
Executing internal audit projects from defined work plans for clients in different industries.
Identifying areas of risks and opportunity to improve business processes, as well as the potential fraud within processes.
Evaluating design and operating effectiveness of in-scope audit areas, including efficiency, effectiveness, mitigating controls, and procedures to remediate gaps.
Developing an understanding of business processes, technical skills, project requirements, and the client’s business in a wide range of environments and industries.
Interviewing process owners to understand current systems, processes, and/or controls and assessing risk with minimal oversight and supervision.
Preparing clients’ deliverables, such as status reports and audit reports & ensuring timely completion.

Jan. 2005 – Sept. 2005 Senior Auditor – Assurance Services, KPMG, Kuwait.

Key Achievements / Responsibilities:

Executing activities of External Audit engagements for clients in various business industries.
Identifying and communicating accounting and auditing matters to managers.
Interacting with clients to ensure the information flow from the client to the audit team is efficient.
Good understanding and utilization of KPMG’s Audit Methodology.

“Note: The entire 6 years’ period of my employment in Kuwait was under a single firm. During that period, the firm's name was changed several times (KPMG, then MOORE Global, then Protiviti) due to changing partnerships with them."

Jan. 2003 – Dec. 2004 Senior Auditor – Assurance & Advisory Services, Deloitte, Egypt.
June 2001 –Dec. 2002 Auditor – Assurance & Advisory Services.

Key Achievements / Responsibilities:

Conducting field audit engagements, and perform auditing of balance sheets and income statements for many clients in different business sectors.
Participating in pre-audit planning for audit engagements, review client accounting and operating procedures and systems of internal control and conduct audit tests.
Assessing risk of material misstatement, applying audit approach and procedures to test internal controls, presenting audit issues and findings to clients.
Performing accounting research to solve issues that arise during the course of audit or compliance engagements.
Performing audits under regulatory requirements and IFRS.

April 2000 – April 2001 External Auditor, Masoud Rufadi CPAs, Saudi Arabia.
April 1999 – March 2000 Accountant – Financial Dept., Swiss Garment Company, Egypt.
January 1998 – February 1999 Military Service, Egypt.
July 1997 – December 1997 Accountant – Financial Dept., ERICSSON Telecom, Egypt.
Professional Memberships

2016 – Present Member of The Institute of Internal Auditors IIA, USA.
2016 – Present Member of Information Systems Audit and Control Association ISACA, USA.
2018 – Present Member of Association of Certified Fraud Examiners ACFE, USA.
2019 – Present Member of The International Information System Security Certification Consortium (ISC), USA.
2003 – Present General Registrar for Charted Accountants CAs, Section: A, Egypt.
1997 – Present Egyptian Commercial Syndicate – Section: Charted Accountants CAs.

Professional Training Courses

July 2001 – May 2002 CPA Review Course, ERNST & YOUNG, Egypt.
March 2009 GRC Governance, Risk, and Compliance, Protiviti, Kuwait.
May 2008 TeamMate, PWC, Saudi Arabia.
April 2007 Auto Audit 2.0, Paisley Consulting, USA.
November 2006 IAS & IFRS, MOORE STEPHENS International, Kuwait.
March 2005 IFRS, KPMG, Kuwait.
April 2003 – December 2004 Audit System 2.0, Deloitte, Egypt.

Languages Skills

Arabic: Native Language. English: Fluent. French: Basic Knowledge.

Computer Skills

Microsoft Windows, Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Visio, Access, Outlook) & Apple Mac.
Microsoft Dynamics GP (ERP System).
Computer-Assisted Audit Techniques CAATs:
Audit System/2 – Deloitte.
General Audit Software, ACL Data Analytics.
Vector, KMAP, & KAM – KPMG.
TeamMate – PWC.
GRC Portal (Governance, Risk, & Compliance) – Protiviti.
Contact this candidate