I am a Project Manager with over ** years total working experience, over 5 years Managerial experience in energy Sector (Abuja Electricity Distribution), 5 years of telecommunication experience in Information Systems, database and network auditing and 3 years of Big 4 (KPMG) experience in Information Systems Risk and Security Consulting.
I hold a master’s degree and has performed numerous security, audit and compliance assignment in power, Oil and Gas and telecommunication sectors. I am also an information security professional who has performed numerous security assessments and provided security advisory services to various tier-1 Nigerian banks and telecommunications companies.
I am currently the project manager in Nigeria's largest non-government owned company in the energy industry (AEDC) and my primary responsibility is to plan, control, and execute MAP project to meet identified NERC’s business needs and deliver business value, through acquiring and utilizing the necessary resources and skills within the agreed parameters of cost, time, and quality.
I am also responsible for strategic project management, which covers the broad spectrum of operational infrastructure, asset digitalization, workplace delivery, operational ambience management, real-time asset monitoring and high-impact cross-functional projects.

I have performed IT risk for a wide range of organisations ranging from large telecommunications companies, oil and gas sectors such as upstream (Total) and downstream (MRS), financial institutions such as banks (GTBAnk, Accessbank and FirstBank), discount houses, insurance companies, investment management institutions, inter-bank settling service providers, pension fund custodians and payment card industries, to large consumer market companies such as breweries.
I possess strong communication, and interpersonal skills coupled with proactive thinking. To further prove my proficiency, I hold the following certifications: Project Management Professional (PMP), Certified Information System Security Professional (CISSP), Certified Information Systems Auditor (CISA), and Certified Ethical Hacker (CEH).
I am result-oriented and committed to learning new things, innovating and learning new ways of achieving results. I am a great team player and I always maintain a possibility disposition. I effectively manage teams by nurturing the strengths of my team members whilst charting a course for positively reforming their improvement areas.
I will appreciate the opportunity to work in this role, as I have all the requisite skills and experience you need for this role.
Thank you.

Best Regards,
Abiola Akinosi
234**********
Contact this candidate