Tan Nguyen
San Jose, CA ***** add2iu@r.postjobfree.com 408-***-**** LinkedIn Profile

INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY AND OPERATIONS LEADER
Lead High-Growth Organizations Provide IT and Enterprise Systems Consulting

Versatile and results-driven IT leader skilled at providing strategic and tactical business process leadership for growth-focused start-ups and global, multi-billion-dollar corporations while collaborating at all levels of the organization to identify, prioritize, and implement solutions that leverage technology to optimize business processes and create tangible business benefits. Deep experience in providing enterprise information management services including IT and business process strategy and design, IT solution development and implementation, IT governance, project management, and quality assurance. Deployed multiple public and private clouds. Accomplished at creating high performance teams, resource management, and mentoring subordinates.

HIGHLIGHTS OF EXPERTISE

Strategic and Tactical Infrastructure Planning
Contract Development and Negotiations
Budget and Project Management
Business-driven Technology Organizations
Team Building, Coaching and Training
Merger and Acquisition
Vendor and Supplier Relationship Management
24/7 Operations
Full Life Cycle Project Management
Exceeding Service-level Agreements
Lead globally distributed organizations
Public and Private Cloud (AWS), Data Center
ITIL Methodologies and IT Service Management
Business Continuity
System and Network Performance
Systems Integration and Quality Assurance

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Symantec, Inc., Mountain View, CA 10/2015 to 11/2019
Accountable for the establishment of a Site Reliability, DevOps, and IT Teams in Europe and North America with a budget of $15MM.

Sr. Director – Engineering Services (SRE)
Develop and execute a multiyear global infrastructure strategy across the business, leveraging industry best practices, emerging technologies, best in class security standards and controls, broad enterprise capabilities, and contracts to optimize delivery value and cost. Lead Cloud and IT teams across broad areas including the desktop application, cloud architectures, security, servers, storage, communication technologies, LANs, WANs, internet, wireless, and IT service management.

Established scalable infrastructures on AWS and co-locations and processes to support business growth plans. Worked with the facility to build a new lab and relocated over 3500 servers to different locations
Provided strategic technical direction for the cloud (AWS), labs, and data center/colocation design, architecture, and implementation after the acquisition.
Managed the both Public (AWS) and Private clouds. Hosted 3,500 systems in North America and Europe as well as the Secure Development Environment (SDE) – a highly secured network within the company for proprietary network protection products.
Reduced the hosting footprint and costs by 30% through the implementation of the public (AWS) and private clouds, simplified processes, and standardization of the environments.
Increased the uptime from 95% to 99.97% and improved recovery time by establishing and implementing a Disaster Recovery Plan. Implemented Business Continuity Plan.

E2open, Inc., San Jose, CA 2001-2015
Played a critical role in the merger and acquisition of multiple companies and oversaw the $25MM budget, IT, and the global Cloud Operations Team throughout the U.S., Asia, and Europe.

Vice President, IT and Cloud Operations (SRE), 2010-2015
Delivered the overall vision, strategy, leadership, implementation, and operation for the Cloud and IT initiatives across the organization. Oversaw the Cloud and IT organization’s strategic and tactical planning, organizational management, contractor and IT vendor relationships, and financial management. Consulted with executive management to identify and assess the company's current and future internal needs and external market demands for information services and systems. Led a team responsible for building the Cloud (AWS) and multiple data centers.

Defined strategies to maximize uptime on the 24X7 SaaS platform resulting in an improvement from 99.5% to 99.99% for hosting services.
Effectively managed the AWS and co-locations with 3,200 servers.
Saved over $5MM in hosting costs by maintaining a flat hosting service budget over a seven-year period.
Designed and implemented the Corporate Business Continuity.
Obtained certification for SAS70 and ISO2700 for seven consecutive years.

Sr. Director, IT Operations and Configuration Management, 2007-2010
Director, IT Operations and Configuration Management, 2005-2007
Led and managed the operational aspect of production, Dev, and Staging including continuous integration/delivery and validated compliance with procedures related to usage, deployment, source control access, and scheduling. Built the Clouds, and managed four co-location facilities with a budget of $3M/quarter.

Built the DevOps team and moved the hosting service solutions to public cloud (AWS)
Guided the System Integration and Configuration Management teams in the management of customer solutions for QA, staging, and production.
Oversaw customer-facing testing (UAT) for IBM, Apply Material, Hitachi, Matsuta, and LGE.

Sr. Manager, Quality Assurance and System Integration, 2001-2005
Owned the release management lifecycle for LGE and Lucent products. Collaborated with the Director of Engineering to design and automated the solution deployment. Developed test plans, coordinated testing, and released the supply chain projects to large customers.

Reduced the deployment time from 10-hours to one-hour while minimizing deployment error.

EDUCATION
The Indispensable CTO: Strategic Leadership of Technology and Innovation
Advanced Leadership
Stanford Business Graduate School, Palo Alto, CA

Bachelor of Science, Computer Information Systems
California State University – East Bay, Hayward, CA

Associate of Science, Computer Science
Ohlone College, Fremont, CA
Contact this candidate