Robert Jones
Professional Summary
Recent graduate outﬁtted with an Associate's degree in Applied Science and a major in Cyber Security. Possesses a strong understanding of IT Hardware, Software, Network, and Security applications.
Extreme attention to detail and ability to multitask within fast-paced environments.Highly motivated individual that thrives in high-pressure environments. Strong interpersonal, written, and oral skills.

Education
• SUNY Orange County Community College, Middletown, New York Associate of Applied Science, Cyber Security, May. 2020

Employment History
Kitchen Manager, Billy Joe's Ribworks. Newburgh, NY Nov. 2010 – Present
Billy Joe's Ribworks is a BBQ Restaurant located on the Hudson River in Newburgh, NY with annual sales of 8.2 million dollars per year
Managed a staff of 167 employees on proper food preparation, job procedures, storage, use of equipment, sanitation and safety procedures Responsible for hiring and on-boarding process that included but not limited to interviewing and training of staff.
Responsible for cost control, sanitation, menu development, private dining and catering events
Developed lunch, dinner, and bar menus, as well as special items for in-house special events.
Conducted weekly product inventories and maintained a 25% to 30% food cost per week
Motivated staff through acknowledgment of hard work, achievements, and instilling accountability while leading by example.
Count money and make bank deposits.
Monitor budgets and payroll records, and review ﬁnancial transactions to ensure that expenditures are authorized and budgeted.
Investigate and resolve complaints regarding food quality, service, or accommodations.

Personal info
Phone:
845-***-****
Email:
add4tb@r.postjobfree.com
Address:
1018 Maggie Road, Newburgh, NY
12550
Skills
Microsoft Oﬃce
Internet & HTML Programming
Unix/Linux
Computer and Network Forensics
Operating Systems
A+ Computer Hardware and
Software
Network Perimeter Security
Computer Networking
Information Security
Contact this candidate