SID UPPAL
Toronto, ON Mobile: +1-647-***-**** Email: addbrs@r.postjobfree.com linkedin.com/in/siddhantuppal Meticulous and seasoned professional with progressive experience managing the demands of complex projects, complying with regulations, instituting process improvements, driving tech-sales, developing IT solutions and delivery management. Possesses specialized knowledge in Cyber Risk, Information Security, Digital Expansions and Identity & Access Management with extensive experience in Retail, Consumer, Automotive & Financial Services Industries. PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Sep’18-Mar’20 DELOITTE CANADA, Risk Advisory - Cyber Risk Services (CRS) Toronto, ON Senior Consultant Sep’18 – Mar’20
Overarching Responsibilities
Responsible for leading & delivering multiple workstreams and small-scale projects with a focus on cyber strategy, technology implementations, maturity assessments, regulatory compliance and advisory services for Deloitte Canada’s Cyber Risk Practice.
Architect end-to-end cyber/IT solutions and lead large-scale IAM & PAM implementations for clients from various industries.
Mandate to meet and exceed business development targets of C$300K annually in the form of Team Sales through RFPs/RFQs.
Lead and mentor internal & external technical/non-technical personnel with integrity and maintain positive working relationships. Project Experience
Conducted an in-depth crown jewels assessment for Royal Bank of Canada (RBC), calculated respective inherent risk, utilized industry leading controls and developed solutions to reduce the residual risk of critical applications by 20% on average.
Identified and developed policy requirements for the defined scope of PCI DSS self-assessment, and IT audit for TD Bank.
Created comprehensive documents including policies, standards & procedures and cyber solutions to support an effective information security program and to comply with ISO 27001 & PCI DSS certification requirements for TD Bank.
Conducted CIS SANS-20 cyber & vendor assessments and architected solutions for 3 entities of PC Bank to remediate the OSFI findings.
Architected cyber-solution to implement single sign-on & multifactor authentication, a combination of on-premise and cloud, Oracle IDM
& IDCS, enhanced user-experience & improved SHA’s security posture. Largest IAM Oracle IDCS implementation in North-America.
Led an implementation for a CyberArk EPV solution to manage, record and secure admin & privileged SHA accounts.
Created cross functional data-mappings across functions (HR, Legal, Payroll, etc.) to facilitate secure data migration for SHA.
Developed an interim access attestation solution for tier-1 apps to validate user-access & remediate KPMG audit finding for Loblaw.
Led a SailPoint implementation at LCL to manage user-identities and automated user-access & ACLs for enterprise-wide applications.
Developed & executed a strategy to manage end of lifecycle of software & hardware assets at LCL to ensure enterprise-wide compliance.
Harmonized AD accounts enterprise-wide and created a solution for various accounts to comply with LCL’s password policy.
Architected a password reset call initiative, educated users, and decreased weekly call volumes to NSC from 5K to below 1K for LCL. Business Development
Assisted successfully & provided SME support in IAM for business cases in FY-20, 21 at Loblaw (LCL) worth C$10.8MM.
Sold new work successfully of RBAC and SOD in FY-19 at Saskatchewan Health Authority (SHA) worth C$290K.
Assisted successfully for audit responses and maturity assessment in FY-19 at TD Bank worth C$510K. Sep’13-Aug’16 ACCENTURE CONSULTING Gurgaon, India
Security Consultant Sep’13 – Aug’16
Accenture Interactive Gurgaon, India
Provided an interface between the clients, consulting division and the security teams.
Consulted Disney on a project, translated its B2C business & cybersecurity strategy using its online presence and expanded its customer base by 14% & increased the average family spend from $3,200 to $4,500 per day. Received the yearly award for Innovative Solutions delivered to clients for Disney (2016).
Managed the Digital & Security Portfolio of global retail chains (Argos, Asda, Tesco, Sainsbury’s, John Lewis, Nike) and enhanced the customer experience through solutions & increased online sales by 19% on average. Received the yearly award for Innovation in Digital Space in Retail for these projects (2015).
Facilitated the secured online opening of bank accounts and handled PII for Royal Bank of Scotland and sale of insurance for AIG in Japan. More than 35% higher user engagement and customer satisfaction was reported in online use of financial instruments.
Collaborated with and managed a team of 8 domestic & 5 international consultants/analysts to deliver a well-refined end product. Received the yearly award for the team with the least attrition rate during this tenure (2015).
Developed a dynamic methodology for benchmarking clients’ websites w.r.t. the selected competitors & cybersecurity criterion, reduced the man-hours by 10 hours for each project. The methodology is still relevant and in use.
Technologies employed for deliverables & strategies: website designing & optimization, cyber frameworks, campaign management, user experience & customer journeys, competitor selection, security comparison & rankings, and market share & positioning. Jul’10-Aug’13 ACCENTURE TECHNOLOGY SERVICES Chennai, Hyderabad, India Technology Consultant Sep’11 – Aug’13
Canada Post Hyderabad, India
Managed & revamped the obsolete mail-system, and upgraded it to a more scalable & load intrinsic platform for Canada Post, which enabled it to handle heavy post/parcel traffic proficiently & increased the reliability by 38%.
Implemented an end-to-end SailPoint solution to manage identities, and reduced inaccuracies by over 40%.
Negotiated the contractual terms with the Country Head of Canada Post at Ottawa to increase the service offerings for them, which increased Accenture’s revenue by $400K and Canada Post’s annual profits by $550K. SOA Capability Hyderabad, India
Led an R&D initiative within Accenture to handpick the most feature enriched tools from the popular SOA Suites & SOA Governance software and trained project resources on these tools, saving the vertical $700K on training annually.
Published the research as a White Paper that showcased Oracle’s SOA Suite & Software AG’s Centrasite as the distinct leaders & were proliferated at a country level, also made contracts worth $1.6MM & $1.2MM respectively. Technology Analyst Jul’10 – Aug’11
Toyota - Strategic Incentives Management System Chennai, India
Developed an online web-platform for Toyota’s senior management to effectively distribute incentives to Toyota’s dealers in USA in order to boost automobile sales and increased the customer base by 14%.
Increased the net sales by 17.2% annually by comparing & analyzing various growth models, based on region specific promotions rolled out to generate result-oriented campaigns making Toyota the most sold automobile in USA in 2011. CERTIFICATIONS
2019 AZ-900 Microsoft Azure Fundamentals certified by Microsoft 2015 Digital Marketing Manager certified by Accenture 2014 User Experience (UX) certified by Accenture
2013 Google Analytics, AdSense, AdWords, SEO, SEM certified by Google 2011 Java Professional (J2EE and J2ME) certified by Sun Microsystems In-progress Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP) certified by (ISC)2 CORE COMPETENCIES
Functional Skills: Client management, relationship building, tech-sales & business development, cyber risk, regulatory compliance, IT audits, on-premise & cloud solutions, IT implementations, digital expansions, maturity & vendor assessments, project management
Technical Skills: Identity & Access Management (IAM), identity lifecycle management, PAM, cyber-frameworks (NIST CSF, ISO 27001/2, PCI DSS, CIS SANS-20), OWASP-10, Information security & protection, Application integrity, SDLC - agile & waterfall
Tools: MS Office suite, MS Project & Visio, Adobe Omniture & SiteCatalyst, IBM SOA suite & QRadar, CRMs, DAMs, HP SOA suite, Oracle IDM & IDCS, Teradata, MS Azure, AWS, CyberArk, SailPoint, Okta, Venafi, Shape, CASB, HCL AppScan, Veracode, MF Fortify, ServiceNow, JIRA, Flexera
Languages: C, C++, VBA, HTML, JSS, JSTL, CSS, J2EE, J2ME, PL/SQL, SAML, OAuth, Shell Scripting, R (novice)
Platforms: Microsoft Windows, Microsoft Windows Server, UNIX, Linux, SunOS, MacOS, iOS, Android EDUCATION
Sep’16-Aug’18 SCHULICH SCHOOL OF BUSINESS, YORK UNIVERSITY Toronto, ON Master of Business Administration (MBA in Consulting, Strategic Management & MIS)
Dean’s List with a GPA of 7.4/9.0 (above A-), amongst the top 5% of all students
Received Steward Family Entrance Scholarship ($10,000) and Dean’s Entrance Award ($7,500) for academic excellence Jul’06-Jun’10 JAYPEE UNIVERSITY OF INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY Solan, India Bachelor of Technology (Computer Science)
Dean’s List with a GPA of 8.3/10.0 (above A-), amongst the top 5% of all students
Received the Dean’s Medal for securing a GPA of 10.0/10.0 in terms VII & VIII ADDITIONAL INFORMATION AND INTERESTS
Interests: Horse riding & polo, basketball – captained the Accenture Team to 3 corporate championship victories
Mentorship: Registered mentor with TRIEC, supported by Manulife, RBC & IRCC, initiative to enable new immigrants secure jobs
Auto-enthusiast: Content-writer, auto-blogger & test-driver at Carwale & Zigwheels.com, top Indian auto-portals
Languages: English (native), Hindi (native), German (B-1 certified), Punjabi (fluent) REFERENCES
Lester Pang: Senior Manager, Risk Advisory - Cyber Risk Services at Deloitte Canada
Abhijayendra Singh: Director, Cloud, Cyber and Technology Risk at Royal Bank of Canada
Pankaj Kashyap: Manager, Digital and Security Services at Accenture India
Rahul Mahajan: Senior Manager, Accenture Interactive at Accenture India
Contact this candidate