VINCENT M.GUERRA
Leader Innovator Achiever
@ addeg4@r.postjobfree.com +63-915-******* Yati, Liloan,Cebu Professional Experience

Hub Head for the Visayas
OYO Technology and Hospitality, Inc.
December 2, 2019 - Present Makati City, Philippines The Hub Head is part of OYO Philippines’ leadership team. The position is responsible for driving end to end business operations in the geography ensuring
profitability, team management, and meeting stakeholder expectations.
Highlights:
Instrumental in:
● Opening of Bacolod City as OYO’s newest City
and was able to close two new partners in his first 15 days with the company.
● Expanded OYO’s market to other key cities in the Visayas.
Director, Operations and Business Dev’t
IncuBoss Labs, Inc.
October 15, 2017 - November 15, 2019 Cebu City, Philippines The Director for Operations and Business Development is a key member of the senior management team. As a Director, I maintain control of diverse business
operations and procedures as well as ensuring the
functionality of the business to drive sustainable growth. Highlights:
Instrumental in:
● Formation of the company and its investors,
Life Philosophy

“Do not fear failure but
rather fear not trying.”
Strengths

Leadership Charisma
Innovative
Motivator
Result-oriented
Dynamic Team-player
Customer-focus
Persuasive
Developing Talents
External Relations
Strong Business Acumen
Project Management
Business Development
Process Improvement
Strategic Thinker
Problem Solver
Technical Skills

Digital Transformation
FinTech
BlockChain
Enterprise Solutions
Web and Mobile Apps
CRM
e-Commerce
● Setting-up the company’s services like IT
Consulting, Digital Transformation, FinTech, and
BlockChain,
● Responsible for partnering with a US-based
BlockChain platform and a Germany-based
company providing APIs for banks and other
financial institution,
● Primary consultant for government and private
institutions,
● A key contributor to the overall concept and
design of a FinTech App that will be released in
2020,
● Formulating marketing and business
development strategies.
Managing Director
Traffic Junction Ltd Phil Branch / Inspire Team
July 1, 2013 - March 1, 2017 Cebu City Philippines The Managing Director is responsible for developing and implementing strategic plans, policies, and procedures to drive success in the organization. Ensuring Inspire Team hires the most appropriately skilled and
experienced developers to suit our clients’ needs, foster a fun, positive, and productive working environment to attract the greatest talent, invest in the further development of our team, and promote best practice methodologies when collaborating with clients for
optimum outcomes.
Highlights:
● Started Traffic Junction’s Philippine Branch from scratch,
● Developed all the frameworks, methodologies,
and processes used by the company,
● Brought in the company’s biggest client which
produces 85% of the Company’s revenue,
● Widened the company's services from online
marketing with the addition of various software
development works,
● Leads the HR department and develops all
policies and procedures related to HR. Some of
the policies were adopted both in the UK and
Education

BS in Computer
Engineering
University of the
Immaculate Conception
June 1992 - March 1997
Certification

Certified IT Manager
(CITM)
Industries

Software Company
BPO - Contact Center
Real Estate
Telco
Academe
Hospitality Management
Teaching
Experience

Informa cs Computer Ins tute
Lourdes College
Xavier University
Mindanao Polytechnic State
College
Australia offices,
● Excellent performance rating from local and
global clients that leads to repeat customer and
contract extensions,
● Supports UK and Australia offices in business
development and sales activities,
● Performs risk, project, and account management
roles.
IT Manager
AboitizLand, Inc
Sept 3, 2012 - June 15, 2015 Cebu City Philippines As the IT Manager, I am responsible for making IT
systems and infrastructure available and in good
working condition. Initiates, coordinates, and enforces systems, policies, and procedures for better IT
governance. Ensure that compliance, security, and risk management are applied.
Highlights:
● Leads the implementation of the company’s new
ERP using SAP and Oracle,
● Upgraded the Company’s server using IBM
Power Plus,
● Implemented new policies to strengthen service
management, IT security and improve IT
Governance,
● Performed project management role,
● Leads the company in the implementation of
Information Security Management System,
● Part of the Business Continuity Team.
Director of Operations
A&E Consulting / Global Fusion
Jan 1, 2011 - June 30, 2012 Cebu City Philippines
The Director of Operations ensures a smooth ﬂow of operation and eﬃcient delivery of services to meet corporate goals and client expectations. Responsible for the growth and proﬁtability of the company. Also, the Davao Doctors College
role includes team management, project management, process improvement, and cost control.
Highlights:
● Started the company from scratch, the first
Philippine employee,
● Developed all the frameworks, methodologies,
and processes used by the company,
● Grew the company to 45 developers,
● Performs the role of HR Manager and developed
the Company’s employee manual and other
policies related to HR,
● Introduced new services that produced 85% of
the company’s revenue
● Got excellent rating from clients and experienced 100% repeat business plus referrals,
● Worked with US office in business development
activities,
● Performed project and account management
roles.
Director - Corporate Services & Business
Manager
Philippine Offshore Design and Dev’t Corporation
Nov 3, 2008 - Dec 31, 2010 Cebu City Philippines
The Director for Corporate Services manages the HR, Admin, Finance, and IT areas of the organization.
As Business Manager, I oversee the activities of the company, evaluate and make necessary
recommendations to improve the skills, processes, and services offered by the company.
Highlights:
● Transformed the company from a graphics and
simple web development to a more complex
development company which can cater to web
applications, mobile, and game developments,
● With the new services, the company grew to 65
employees,
● Improved the company structure and processes
to accommodate the volume of projects and
ensure quality and timely delivery of services.
Managing Director / Bus Dev’t Manager
Meditab Software
Jan 2008 - Oct 2008 Cebu City Philippines
The Managing Director works directly with the Chairman
(based in the USA) in attaining the company’s goal. Manages daily operations, improves the process,
ensures expenses are well managed, recommends
plans to improve efficiency, and supports the US sales team in attracting clients.
As the Business Development Manager, an increase in prospects, improvement in conversion rate, sales, and site traffic are the major responsibilities.
Highlights:
● Managed a team of 200+ employees
● Increased site traffic, inquiries, product
presentations, conversion, and sales by 40%
● Enhanced company policies and standards to
accommodate increasing demand.
Executive Manager / General Manager
Kirk Outsourcing APS
March 2006 - Nov 2007 Cebu City Philippines
Responsible for the overall performance of the
Company. Developed programs, and systems that
promote professionalism, proficiency, and efficiency in the workplace. Worked with the CEO in planning and implementing programs, strategies, and activities in attaining Company goals and objectives.
Highlights:
● From an image masking service, the company
became known in animation and video editing,
● Grew the team to 70,
● Developed the Company’s employee manual,
policies, systems, operational procedures and
employee development programs,
● Performs project and account management roles.
Vice President - External Affairs
Colegio de San Antonio de Padua
February 2005 - March 2006 Danao City, Cebu, Phils Represents the institution in all external activities. Secured all necessary permits, designed marketing
activities to attract enrolment, develop partnerships, and manage the Institution’s press conferences/releases. Highlights:
● Secured all the necessary permits
● Increased enrolment by 20%
● Developed partnerships with financial and
scholarship-giving institutions.
Regional Center Manager
Informatics Holdings Philippines, Inc
April 2000 - Jan 2005 Cagayan de Oro City, Phils
Highlights:
● Managed Centers in Cagayan de Oro and
Ozamis Cities
● Had the most number of partner schools in the
whole Philippines
● Consistently attained monthly targets.
Asst. Dean - Computer Studies
Lourdes College
June 1998 - Mar 2000 Cagayan de Oro City, Phils
Highlights:
● Developed and applied the BS Computer Science
and Engineering Courses
● Improved computer curriculum for non-computer
courses.
Sr. Engineer
Philippine Global Communications (PhilCom)
June 1997 - May 1998 Cagayan de Oro City, Phils
Highlights:
● Increased Internet subscribers by 50% each
month
● Improved the processes in managing requests
and issues.
Contact this candidate