K.G.KARTHIKEYAN

addfn3@r.postjobfree.com

+91-984**-*****

Personal Profile:

Date of Birth:
30th sep 1980

Father: Mr.K.M Ganeshen

Gender:
Male

Nationality:
Indian

Marital Status:
Married

CAREER OBJECTIVE

To accomplish the organizational goals effectively & efficiently with sincere & dedicated efforts. To encounter each challenge with energy, enthusiasm& positive attitude. Strive to achieve success and growth as an individual as a team as an organization.
A result-oriented professional with hands on experience in Recruitment with a thorough understanding of selection, recruitment & HR functions.

Summary
A resourceful, solution-focused professional having 14 years of experience in IT recruitment lifecycle.
Experience in Requirement Definition with managerial skills.
Possess experience in full cycle of recruiting, managing customer relationships, understanding the client’s business needs and delivering timely results.
Effective in building positive relationships with personnel at all levels within the company and providing the highest level of service to meet the strategic needs of the organization.
Having experience in end to end recruitment process.
Handling Vendors, all kind of recruitment activities, creating and implementing various recruitment strategies with a proven track record of excellence in the placement process.
Responsible, loyal, reliable, and independent worker with high level of enthusiasm and creativity.
Excellent communicator & team player, efficient in building rapport with the candidates and the business units at all levels within the company and providing the highest level of service to meet the recruitment needs of the organization.
Possess excellent understanding of various IT requirements.
Special involvement in SAP Requirements,

ACADEMIC RECORD
MBA {Masters of Business Administration }
MS University, Chennai.

Bachelor of Arts (B.A).
ANNAMALAI UNIVERSITY, Chennai.

WORK EXPERIENCE
Ayan InfoTech Pvt Ltd, Chennai.
Duration : Since February 2010
Designation : HR Manager {IT Recruitment} Prior {Team Lead - February 2010 to March 2011}

Specialties: Team handling, Hiring, Recruitment, Sourcing, Networking, Staffing, Selection, Recruitment in Permanent, Interim & Contract staffing etc.,
Responsibility Include:
Managing different accounts with complete responsibility
Maintaining client relationship and complete interaction with the clients in requirements gathering
Follow up with the clients on a daily basis to know the interview results/status.
Establishing Network with the candidates
Lead the team members in the executive search for placements in IT requirements
Pro-active approach of sourcing the resources for the requirements
Task allocation to the team based on their caliber.
Strong expertise in handling IT recruitments across all technologies/domains and levels.
Handled End-to-End Recruitment right from sourcing to screening to short listing to interview follow-ups till the closures.
Posting Advertisements on the job sites
Sourcing profiles through database, personal reference, Network and Job portals.
Screening & Short-listing of profiles and lining up candidates against the Client's requirements
Maintained a good number of resume bank with multiple domains & Technologies.
Coordinating the interview process between the client companies and short listed candidate’s up to the process of final selection.
Worked on both Permanent as well as Contractual Positions
Responsible for catering to internal recruitments whenever required
Recruited Software professionals across various levels and technologies
Responsible for the day-to-day activities in the company.
Wipro Limited
Duration: July 2018 to Dec 2018
Designation: Vertical Talent Acquisition Lead
Job Profile:

I am part of the Talent Acquisition team here at Wipro Technologies one of India’s most successful IT Company. I have worked in the Talent Acquisition space for 14 years now ultimately gaining experience in Talent Management and Human Resources practices, sourcing and recruiting at a variety of levels.
Responsibility Include:
Interact with delivery teams to understand Job description and specific needs
Advising the fulfilment plan & recruitment challenges to delivery team
Expertise in sourcing quality resumes with a skilled search within a stipulated time
Working as SME in case complex & niche skill – Advising innovative way of approaching the candidate
Designing & implementing new & cost-effective approaches of recruitment
Creating database of people by head hunting, references leads etc. Using extensive networking for hard to find skills
Posting Ads on portals and screening the responses accordingly
Conducting initial screening and interviews
Interviewing and briefing the candidates about the company and convincing about the prospects, Follow up
Regular sync up & review with BU head & WMG heads
Publishing regular report, newsletter for respective BU to respective stakeholders
Ad hoc coordination for HR activities, which includes handling Joining Formalities, organizing Induction and Employee Engagements etc.

Achievements:

Received appreciations for making High Value closures with EA Mobile & Gavs Technologies.

Received appreciation from the Client – Nucleus Software for closing Niche positions.

Axis HR Consultancy Pvt. Ltd., Chennai.
Duration : April 2006 to Feb 2010
Designation : Operation Manager {IT Recruitment}
* Started my career as an Executive – Recruitment with the same organization.

Job Profile:
Lead a team of recruiters and effectuate the complete recruitment life cycle, including partnering with all levels of management to gain a full understanding of business requirements in order to source, screen and assess for placing the best talent from diverse sources after identification of client's requirements.
Roles and Responsibilities’ as a Operation Manager:
Handling key accounts, client relations
Team Management
Achieving Monthly, Quarterly and Annually Team Targets
Generating new business from existing clients
Regular Interaction and follow ups with all clients
Interacting clients to ensure timely understanding of current and future requirements
Managing the complete delivery cycle for the client requirements with the recruiting team
Responsible for ensuring quality of delivery by screening and short listing resumes before sending to client
Worked on both Permanent as well as Contractual Positions
Played a major role in convincing the candidates for contractual position.
Negotiate and finalize the billing rates with the clients
Ensuring business growth in alignment with the company business plan
Training, Monitoring, Motivating and getting business from the recruitment team
Prioritizing on the requirements and the distribution of requirements to the team
Helping the team to understand the requirements
Helping the team to achieve their individual targets
Monitoring the team performance
Handling the business vertical
Follow-up the selected candidates to confirm the joining
Creating and maintaining the resume database
Conduct training program for new recruiters and Orientation Program for the existing team.
Clients Worked for:
Microsoft Corporation
Geometric Software
Gavs
Infinite Computer Solutions
EA Mobile
ITC Infotech
Teledata
CSS
Nucleus Software
RTG
Cranes Software
Slash Support

Company : JKB Consultancy, Chennai.
Duration : Sep 2005 to Mar 2006.
Designation : Human Resource Executive

Responsibility Include:
Short listing the candidates that best suit the requirements of the organization through various sources of recruitment that include the database, consultants, Advertisements etc.
Usage of networking and job portals to maximize the output
Conducting the preliminary round of interview.
Member of the interview panel for the final interview.
Issuing of the appointment letters and thereafter confirmation letters to the employees after they complete the final interview.
Maintains all the necessary records related to employees and the organization.
Responsible for inducting the new entrants to the policies and the culture of the organization.
Provide guidelines to the new entrants in relation with the functioning of the organization.
Responsible for handling employee grievances and suggest solutions to the top management for resolving the same.
Responsible for all the day-to-day activities in the company.

OVERALL SKILLS/TECHNOLOGIES WORKED ON:

Microsoft Technologies - ASP. Net, ADO.Net, C#. Net, VB.Net, Share point Portal, BizTalk server
Java technologies - Java/J2EE, JSP, Servlets, EJB, Struts, Spring, Hibernate, Apache, Tomcat, BEA Weblogic, Websphere, Jboss
Mainframe Technologies - {COBOL, JCL, DB2, (Vanilla)}, CICS, IMS-DB, Easytrieve, Natural Adabas
Enterprise Resource Planning - SAP, People soft (H.R, Finance), Siebel, Oracle Apps
Infra Management – Windows Administration, Unix Flavours (Linux, Solaris, AIX), Networking, MS Exchange, Veritas Volume Manager, Cluster, Information Security
Database Administration – Oracle, SQL, DB2, Sybase
Telecom Domain – J2ME (MIDP, CLDC), BREW, Symbian, Blackberry (RIM) (Basics), SS7, Sigtron, Megaco, TCAP, INAP, MAP, ISUP
Embedded Domain – High Speed Board Designing, PCB Designing, Digital Signal Processing, Device Drivers
Data warehousing and Business Intelligence - Informatica, Cognos, Datastage, Teradata, Business Objects, Abinitio, Microstrategy, Hyperion Essbase
Quality Assurance and Testing

Computer Literacy:
Solid knowledge of MS Office suite including Word, Excel, Power point and Outlook.
Contact this candidate