AMIT KUMAR

E-Mail: -addtbx@r.postjobfree.com Ph: - +919*********

Career Objective
“Through the continuous improvement, learning and gaining by experience, my objective is to be an asset for an organization I work with, and wish to apply my innovative techniques and knowledge I gained through academics & experience in achieving organization objective.

Profile & Strengths
oKey competencies in designing inventory/dispatch/logistics plans to derive maximum economy in utilization of vehicles/containers in transportation of materials.
oCapability to manage the route Load Planning, Handle the Logistics & Warehouse Team in Large Scale.
oKnowledge of Warehouse Concept from Material Receiving to Dispatch.
oKnowledge of WMS Concept in Warehouse, Including FIFO & LIFO Concept.
oGood Knowledge to Manage New Warehouse (Inventory, Stacking, Pallets, Work Flow)
oFlexibility, adaptability & openness to new ideas, organized & planned working.
oDeveloping sound interpersonal relationship.
oAbility to understand matters quickly and drawing a clear map to achieve the target.
oAbility to work independently.
oReviewing the existing process and suggesting necessary changes.
oTake weekly meeting to all staff (Data entry operator Executive, senior executive) and collect the data report from them and submit to it higher authority as per their guide line.
oBuilding a better team to prove their ability toward work and create a better relationship between higher authority H.O. and ground level of staff.
oAbility to developing relationship with new dealers and vendors.
oWill coordinate with internal departments (Production, Accounts etc.) of the organization for timely production and order processing for delivery to customers and 3 PL dealers.
oLesioning with dealers/ follow up for the orders/ payments from dealers.

63Ideas infolabs Pvt. Ltd. (ninjacart.com) (Aug 2019 to Current)
oWorking as territory operation manager (Cluster manager) in 63 ideas infolabs Pvt. Ltd. (Ninjacart.com)
oCurrently I am taking care of DC (Distribution center) and admin operation in Delhi NCR.
oIn three DC I am looking inbound, outbound, return, inventory, quality and admin related work.
oWe are dealing in fruits and vegetables in Delhi NCR with full focus on timely delivery to our customers.
oMaintaining proper inventory of NP (nonperishable) stock in every DC to full fill the customer s demand.
oLooking MML and LML concept in logistics to full fill orders on time from DC to customer with in time.
oTaking care of quality control in every segment like inbound, outbound and return, so that we can find out quality related problems and resolve it before delivered.
oWorking on dashboard and flash app to generate any report and collet ant data.
oWe do weekly meeting with every DC managers and executives to innovate new ideas related to work and create a better bounding with our junior staff.

Delhivery Pvt. Ltd. (Flipkart India Pvt. Ltd) (Sep 2018 to July 2019)
oI have worked as an assistant manager in warehouse in Indo space. We are basically dealing in supplying small goods and items to north reign like Punjab Karnal, Muzafffarnagar Meerut etc.
We are working on five modules here.
oInbound: Receiving around between 25k to 30k shipments from different logistics and branded companies like Samsung Whirlpool etc. and inward these shipments in warehouse after proper physically and systematically checking.
oTaking put away and packing of Entire Warehouse, ensure right product keeping right place, and dispatch right product to the Customer.
oEnsure physical verification of received items from different workplace for quality control.
oDeals with the logistics companies to making new vendors for company growth.
oInventory: Managing the warehouse inventory on daily basis to ensure the actual shipments strength and future demand as per customers need.
oTake care all the stock, doing Cycle Count of every month to manage the warehouse inventory, and submit the discrepancy reports to the Head of the Department.
oImplementation of 5s in warehouse for increasing the work productivity of employees.
oOutbound: Taking Care of 30k to 32k Orders processing capacity in a day in outbound department to ensure all order get shipped on time.
oMaking MIS reports on daily basis and sent it to head office as per there guideline.
oResponsible for maintaining relations with existing dealers like transport, labor, packing material etc...
oDispatch shipment from warehouse to delivery center and customers as per given 2 hours of TAT time.
oReturn: Receiving reverse pickup from north reign s, last miles and delivery centers which customers return.
oCoordination with HO and given briefing to Field level of employees on daily basis for smooth operations
oIWIT: (Intra warehouse inventory transfer) sending inventory to another warehouse as per customer demand.

Flipkart India Pvt. Ltd. (April 2015 to Aug 2018)
oI have worked as a shift in charge with Flipkart India Pvt. Ltd.
oHandling a whole shift with all module Inbound, Outbound, Inventory and Return.
oHandling a large no of manpower to motivate them toward work and conducting training programs to them on daily basis like 5s, material handling, organization culture, warehouse assets handling etc.
oGiven RCA (root cause analysis) to higher authority on daily basis if any breach happened of TAT crossed of any shipment.
oCoordinate with business development and planning team on daily basis issues what we were facing in warehouse.
oPreparing cargoes before they are loaded and check out the Documentation procedures.
oSupervise and coordinate the inbound/ outbound shipments and make arrangement for the orderly stacking of product and picking.

Celebi Delhi Cargo Management India Pvt. Ltd. (Aug 2011 to March 2015)
CELEBI is a Turkey base company engaged in Cargo Operation and ground handling services. The ground services include operation services, such as compiling flight programs and obtaining flight parking permits passenger services including luggage reception and delivery services, as well as boarding services, cargo services, such as loading, unloading and handling of cargo and cargo transfer services, ramp services.

Responsibilities & Learning
oWorked as a Cargo Executive in handling of cargo operation, warehousing and all the activity related to import and export at International Cargo terminal, IGI Airport.
oOrganize various training sessions for the team to enhance their performance.
oAccepting & determining incoming cargoes that are exported & Documentation procedures.

Core Competencies & Skill set
oWorking on ICMS (Integrated cargo management system)
oWorking on FLO.
oWorking on TC App and complete the vehicle loading as per given time.
o M.S. office (Excel, Power Point Word Etc.)
oI have done certification course from Flipkart. (Information security awareness, code of conduct, security)

Educational Qualification
oMaster of business Administration (MBA in Finance and Marketing) from Lovely Professional University Punjab in Year 2011.
oBachelor of Business Administration (BBA in Management) from S.D. College of Management Studies Year 2009.
oHigher Secondary (Commerce) from V.V. Inter College Shamli (U.P.) Board Year 2006.
oMatriculation (Science) from V.V. Inter College Shamli (U.P.) Board Year 2004.

Personal Details

FATHER NAME : Yashveer Singh
D O B : July 30th 1987
GENDER : Male
MARITAL STATUS : Unmarried
PERMANENT ADDRESS : Village And Post Bhaju District: Shamli U.P. Current Location Delhi NCR
WILLING TO RELOCATE : Yes
NATIONALITY : Indian

SIGNNATURE AMIT KUMAR
Contact this candidate