SHONDEL GORDON
347-***-**** or 203-***-**** addvtc@r.postjobfree.com www.linkedin.com/in/shondelgordon

Senior IT Professional
Hands-on senior technology professional with a focused attitude and noted for decreasing IT expenses and driving business innovation, leveraging information security, applications, networking, operations, and risk management leadership to accelerate business growth. Multiplatform enterprise security, compliance, data center, and business transformation expertise.
Areas of Expertise

Support Management
Business Resiliency
Budgeting/Forecasting

Project Management
Enterprise Cost Reduction
Vendor Management
Disaster Recovery
Information Security
Executive Collaborator

Professional Experience
PsychoGenics Inc, Paramus, NJ Nov-2019-Feb-2020
Senior Director, IT
Hired to developed and administered Enterprise Security program, issuing recommendations to executive team on cost- effective options and protection for corporate data and IT assets. Served as Head of Information Security Committee.
Responsible for the technical design, planning, implementation, and the highest level of performance tuning and recovery procedures for mission critical enterprise systems.
Enforced protections for all corporate data through direction of Data Classification Initiative.
Administered IT security assessments for FISMA compliance due diligence.
KEY RESULTS:
Improved operational compliance standards: by establishing security metrics, measuring cloud vendor (AWS and Azure) performance, effectively assuring data protection levels. Completed risk assessments for FISMA compliance audits.
Created governance, risk management and compliance standards for cloud architecture and implementation of security controls within AWS and Azure.
Raised education levels on vulnerabilities and recovery capabilities with risk assessment audits, Security Awareness Program/staff training, and roadmap, leveraged NIST (800-53) and ISO 27001 frameworks to create policies and training.

Dymax Corporation, Torrington, CT Oct-2018-June-2019
Senior Infrastructure Manager, Global
Hired to oversee global IT operations and deliver technology solutions, by providing thought leadership to the IT infrastructure team. Drive collaboration with the executive team and business partners and execute infrastructure projects to completion. Managed a $7M budget and a team of 24 professionals and offshore contractors.
Responsible for the global strategic IT and infrastructure direction of the organization, including IT security and asset management and aligning emerging technologies with business needs.
Create IT infrastructure risk assessments, monitoring and documentation to meet industry compliance mandates.
KEY RESULTS:
Implement new IT corporate compliance standards: asset management, project planning and management, forecasting, budgeting, and vendor relations management.
Leveraged contractor services for 70% of IT projects, resulting in an annual cost reduction of $1.2M.
Led successful data center server consolidation and migration to AWS and Azure platforms.

Synerg8 Consulting, Derby, CT Oct-2017-Oct-2018
Cloud Migration Manager
Responsible for driving profitable growth of infrastructure migration consulting services, and leading delivery of client cloud computing strategy and migration engagements. Provide overall direction for major project proposals and end-to-end execution.
Defined and built innovative solution methodologies and assets around infrastructure and O365, Azure, AWS and Google cloud migrations.
Established and managed relationships with client executives and project engagement sponsors, staffing, financials, quality, and risk.
Developed and implemented comprehensive disaster recovery architecture to establish new business continuity mandates utilizing EMC RecoverPoint. Managed Disaster Recovery planning, governance and execution, and created testing strategies to identify and resolve any issues in an expeditious manner.
Designed a new engineering model and led successful migrations from EMC storage arrays to NetApp.
Facilitated project postmortems to identify areas of improvement in the next implementation.
Tracked and communicated all operational matrices to identify processes and service improvement opportunities using CAPA and ServiceNow.
Created cloud infrastructure design and assessments for IT compliance mandates and product selections. Prepared technical operational workflow manuals and provide knowledge transfer for partner support.
KEY RESULTS:
Managed all aspects of cloud migration project plans: Successfully migrated client to new cloud-based infrastructure and improved existing implementation processes by increasing speed and efficiency and client satisfaction, while decreasing overall costs.

Edible Arrangements/Netsolace Inc, Wallingford, CT Feb-2016-Aug-2017
Global IT Infrastructure Manager
Responsible for providing leadership and strategic vision and roadmap to infrastructure and desktop teams, enable innovation and leverage IT trends to create business value consistent with the organization’s needs and expectations. Created governance and central management of information security, policy awareness practices and enforce controls according to PCI standards.
Executed company-wide strategic technology initiatives to expand and maintain a secured enterprise infrastructure and establish new global helpdesk and project-related standards, KPIs and service level agreements to meet ITIL support standards.
Established guidance for IT risks strategies, identity & access management and privacy policy governance.
Developed and implemented comprehensive disaster recovery architecture to maintain global operations, and establish new business continuity, PCI compliance mandates.
Recruited, trained and coached employees, communicating job expectations and deadlines and appraising performance.
Managed Network and Systems administration, Microsoft Dynamics AX and Great Plains (ERP), SAN Storage, SharePoint, AWS, Microsoft Azure, Office 365, VoIP phone system and global desktop support.
KEY RESULTS:
Executed and maintained security plans: Ensure information security, control structures of data, network access and backup systems, and disaster recovery procedures in Windows 2008R2, 2012R2, 2016R2 and SQL environments.
Managed global vendor relationships: Created new project initiatives and controlling project budgets, leading to 34% decrease in implementation costs.

CYBER SYNERGY INC, Shelton, CT Jan-2015-Jan-2016
IT Management Consultant
Led the execution of client IT project initiatives, controlling project related budgets, and managing consulting teams and vendor relationship. Accountable for developing the implementation framework and documentation and conducts client best practices meetings as well as champion change management and adoption of Salesforce.com CRM usage.
Led the infrastructure team meetings to ensure that client project selections align with the IT and business objectives of the organization. Drove achievement of corporate revenue objectives through timely implementations and ongoing support of IT infrastructure and ensured that SLA/KPI compliance are met.
Executed client implementation strategies. Identified and managed the client technology security standards to strengthen overall project quality deliveries. Served as resident expert to provide pragmatic advice to Solutions Architect and Product Engineering teams.
KEY RESULTS:
Realized maximum value from Salesforce.com implementation: Created and distributed key analytical reports and project status. Led quality service delivery, utilizing CAPA, improved overall client satisfaction to above 97%, and exceeded SLA product commitments across all the implementation phases. Provided leadership and analysis to identify opportunities for improving cost-effectiveness.
Formulated a robust project plan: Led infrastructure operational and strategic planning, change management, and renegotiating allocation of resources. Managed project staff, budget and all project activities including systems analysis and design, estimation, development, testing, and support.

EATON PARTNERS, LLC, Rowayton, CT
Information Technology Officer Feb-2010-Nov-2014
Created and led the execution of global IT strategies including overall cybersecurity initiatives for intrusion detection and mitigation. Controlled annual IT budgets, directing consultants, and managing IT vendor relationships. Accountable for developing the framework for the information system strategy triangle, aligning organizational and IT strategies.
Created and executed IT business and operations strategies. Evaluated business solutions and process improvement, to improve overall technology efficiency.
Developed and implemented IT global compliance and governance to mitigate technology risks and to maintain business continuity and reliability. Expertise with industry compliance frameworks FINRA, COBIT, ITIL, NIST, HIPAA, HITECH.
KEY RESULTS:
Realized maximum value and return on IT investments: Improved business processes through the implementation of mission-critical infrastructure and applications in a private cloud environment. Responsible for increased performance, efficiency, and user adaptability for remote access utilized Salesforce.com technology, resulting in increased U.S. business revenues by $1 million and boosted overall sales performance by $3 million annually.
Established a robust business continuity plan: Lead member of BCP team, to formulated DR scenarios and reduced SLAs for tier 1 and 2 applications from 24 to four hours within global data centers.

Technology Manager Jun-2008-Feb-2010
Implemented and managed the scope of global Disaster Recovery and Salesforce.com initiatives and execute technology objectives within a global dynamic environment. Negotiated and improved vendor relationships to augment SLAs and services. Revamped global infrastructure with data center consolidation and software licensing agreements.
Successfully led a team of global engineers to execute and deliver implementation on time and within budget.
Administered maintenance support for global infrastructure firewalls, routers, servers, workstations, copiers, VoIP telephones, and video conferencing systems. Managed all antimalware testing and implementation.
Coordinated implementation of building security surveillance video and card access systems.
KEY RESULTS:
Business Continuity: Successfully developed and managed plans for fully resilient and virtualized global infrastructure utilizing VMware 5.0-5.5, Citrix XenApp 5. Executed implementation of critical data security measures for redundant MS Exchange, Microsoft SQL, Dell SAN in global production environments.
Training and Development Initiatives: Provided guidance to users, administrators, and implementation team resulting in increased technical proficiency in troubleshooting issues before escalation. Reduced global employee database trouble tickets from 24 to 4 hours.

TALEO CORPORATION, New York, NY Feb-2004-APR-2008
Implementation Manager
Developed and managed complex projects in Oracle/Taleo CRM environments and ensuring the success and alignment of project scope with objectives. Managed all aspects of the project lifecycle from client demo request through implementation.
Managed policy development, designed and engineered processes and related metrics, implementing tools, and technology. Developed the service catalog and managed content documentation.
Instituted change management initiatives and led meetings at the project level. Identified resources and/or scheduling conflicts and changing of project scope including issue tracking and resolution.
KEY RESULTS:
Risk Management and Change Control: Tracked key project milestones, identifying risks, and recommending adjustments to project managers and account managers, prioritizing management review processes for resource allocation and control issues resulting in 37% increase in project performance and completion.

JP MORGAN CHASE, New York, NY JAN-2003-FEB-2004
Technical Analyst
Responsible for testing and implementation of all software applications for the JP Morgan trading floor and reporting any issues to the senior technical product development teams. Provide first and second level support for hardware installations and applications including day to day incident management, problem management, and request management.
Collaborated with trading floor managers to deliver required business analytics support and reporting solutions.
Supported users by troubleshooting, identifying problems and working with local & global IT to resolve Bloomberg and other proprietary software technical issues and work with users to provide proper training.
Authorized technical assessments and software testing of all applications used via web, desktop, mobile devices, and systems.
Developed custom queries and dashboards related to improving visibility to identify irregularities in reports.
KEY RESULTS:
Improved existing workflows: Found and developed automation opportunities in managing reporting functions in data analytics, identify and eliminate risks during installations.

Education and Professional Development
Bachelor of Science, Information Technology Management, Southern New Hampshire University,
Manchester, NH
CISM and CGEIT (2020 Candidate)
Certified Identity and Access Manager (CIAM)
CISCO Certified Network Associate (CCNA)
Agile Project Management Certification – UCONN School of Business – (CITI)
Lean Six Sigma Green Belt Certification – UCONN School of Business – (CITI)
Contact this candidate