Ronald Greene
*** ********* ****
Livermore, Ca *4550
510-***-****
addx9c@r.postjobfree.com

Strategic Information Risk and Compliance Executive who:
Speaks directly to the complex issues impacting enterprise risk mitigation
Communicates the real value of security to build broad consensus among Executive Suite, business users, and stakeholders.
Protects brand integrity through the protection of critical & confidential data
Develops and implements comprehensive standards, governance, and security policies that clearly reduce vulnerability.
Ensures compliance with all federal, state, and industry regulations.
Leverages deep experience in technology, business operations, and program management to contain costs and deliver value.
Strong leadership presence and dedicated to exceed expectations within organization

Head of Information Security & Compliance, Lumileds, San Jose, California 2015-present
Recruited as senior management with expertise in Risk and cybersecurity to support company’s needs with depth of experience and knowledge, both on ground and strategically. Aligned cybersecurity initiatives to business risk model and financial demands to strengthen organization’s attainment of goals, enabling business to grow and while protecting its assets.
Requested to report to executive team and board on landscape of threats, company challenges, and vision for information security
Initially tasked to build security program from ground up. Including all services and support for SOC, asset management, VMT.
Served as extension of corporation’s executive team to support customers’ executive teams as CISO, translated customer situations into responses to specific potential risks, threats and solutions. Mapped core business goals to cyber risk potential and mitigation.
Managed from startup to deployment the process and product deployment of Cloud security, contracts and support for program requirements.
Created Risk plan along with compliance standards for corporation
Developed the emergency action plan, disaster recovery plan, maintenance/upgrade plan, and Configuration Management plan.
Managed all compliance aspects of Lumileds Business from GDPR, SOX, TS(IATF), ISO and other government required compliances.
Manage from startup to deployment, tooling for GDPR, and document all processes associated with privacy and breach notification.
Oversaw a $11 million budget for comprehensive cyber security, risk and compliance program.
Set up and deployed Azure environment O365 environment. Managing security and compliance around environment.
Head of Information Security, Spansion, Sunnyvale, California 2012-2015
Recruited by company to envision, architect and implement a cybersecurity, data security, and information technology program that evolved as demands for security advanced. Built infrastructure, technology, team from ground up. Architected global network and encapsulated security around the environment. Envisioned and recruited team to support development, cybersecurity, data security, and technology security.
Protected company, including members (Company’s external customers) as important stakeholders considered extensions of company from security standpoint.
Partnered with multiple managed services, which extended enterprise security to all devices within environment.
Migrated all users to a untrusted environment model while ensuring private, secure communications to corporate resources.
Spearheaded Executive leadership by investing in Cybersecurity insurance, ultimately minimizing monthly outlays with strategic program.
Oversaw $3.5 million budget for comprehensive, effective cybersecurity program, promoting and ensuring spend of roughly 7%-10% of IT total budget.
Replaced failing and outdated hardware and software to more efficient risk reduction tools.
Managed 37 Global locations, connections and cyber security.
Implemented and provided tooling for auditing all compliance within organization and reported the objectives and KPIs to the executive team.
Information Security Program Manager General Dynamics, San Jose, California 2010-2012
Managed from startup to deployment the process and product deployment of Cloud security and support for program requirements. Developed the emergency action plan, disaster recovery plan, maintenance/upgrade plan, and Configuration Management plan for multiple programs. Oversaw group of 9 engineers for network security and infrastructure, gave guidance and documented requirements into working product. Developed the Classified Network architecture, to support every protocol for future growth, and meet the immediate requirements. Developed a large VM presence to test software and data to be sent across network, verified and pushed the software over to classified network. Found viable solutions for issues that we were having, did risk assessment and trade studies to verify the HW and SW met our requirements. Worked with many teams to meet their requirements and developed security solutions that would not tamper with or impede their data from crossing. Managed a budget of $15million in hardware and software costs, along with support for these expenses. Developed and maintained a security posture with ongoing security programs to reduce overall risks. Upgraded internal LAN and WAN connections for mobile users and segregated out individual organizations within company via VLANs and separating them with firewalls and secure gateways.
Lowered costs for purchased hardware along with software by 25%
Tracked all costs and forecasted future spending based upon requirements
Created and presented multiple evaluations and technical proof of concept tests along with best choice products
Negotiated Contracts with our procurement teams and our suppliers to cut costs in half.
Lowered expenses for goods needed by $1million
Hands-on experience in identifying, reporting, and troubleshooting system discrepancies while debugging hardware and network related problems, managing network interfaces, and verifying performance requirements. My efforts have contributed to a 100% on-time testing and delivery of 8 major baseline releases.
Increased privacy and Security for Login and WAN data for external facing website by providing a secure gateway solution that will pull specific data from each database versus direct connection.
Increased auditing and provided solutions for future projects for all Internal LAN data to be watched and reduce data leaks.

Adobe Systems, San Jose, California 2010
Information Systems Security Manager, Project Manager
Managed multiple Security Projects in collaboration with the Information Security Roadmap I helped create with the CISO. Focused development of process and started a Data Loss Prevention project, a Mobile Security Management Project Multiple Security Assessments, Enterprise Privacy and Policy Security Practices, Developed contamination cleanup procedure and data flow. Pushed for ISO 27002 implementation along with NIST 800-53 compliance. Took over budget existing projects that failed to meet deadlines wither by time or money. Created Future projects timeline and pushed for budget to fund them. During risk assessments limited the amount of risk by lowering De-mark points by two-thirds and moving towards leased products over purchased products.
First project manager to develop a earned Value report for management to show them loss of cleanups and data spills versus upgrading and migration
Project Proposal work has pushed them into scaling back the excess and has saved them over $20million in expenses and recovery costs.
Moving to leased products minimized budget constraints which we had to deal with and opened door to other projects.
Reviewed all LAN connections and WAN connections to reduce risks and came up with a secure plan to remove connections and mitigate risks.
Increased privacy and Security for PCI data and purchased goods on external facing website by providing a secure gateway solution that will pull specific data from each database versus direct connection.

EDUCATION
Keller Graduate School of Management, Fremont, California
Master’s Degree, Business Administration, Core focus Network Security and Management, 2008

DeVry University, Fremont, California
Bachelor’s Degree, Telecommunications Management, 2001

Stanford University School of Engineering
Technical Programming courses - ongoing

Other:
NSA, IAM/IEM, INFOSEC Assessment and Evaluation Methodology
DCID 6/3 Approved -2010
Scrum knowledgeable, Agile
PCI SOX Compliance trained
HIPPA Compliance classes taken
NISPOM, DOD8500 certification.
CMMI
Internal GD Leadership Training Lean Process Training.
ITIL Certified
GDPR trained
CISSP Course, In process of CISSP testing.
PMP in process

Clearance: Held Multiple SCI clearances, Top Secret

References:
Available upon request.
Contact this candidate