PROGRAM MANAGER – AGILE & WATERFALL PROJECT MANAGEMENT EXPERTISE
Dynamic Program Manager with over two decades of experience delivering agile and waterfall projects for complex enterprise-wide IT operations such as applications development & testing, financial management, records & information management, resources allocation, and risk mitigation.
Blends broad operational, business, and technical acumen to deliver high-impact solutions and build successful teams to maximize customer satisfaction, profitability, and market share.
Skillfully oversees research, analysis, develop and document requirements and workflow, functional changes and problem resolution – encompassing identification of root causes, resolution, cataloging, and support functions.
CORE COMPETENCIES
Agile • Waterfall • Jira • Microsoft Project Server • SQL Reporting • Report Writing • Public Speaking and Presentation • IT Process & Project Management • Software Development Lifecycle (SDLC) • Continuous Process Improvement • Service Delivery Optimization • Strategic Partnerships • Information Security • Business Analysis • Problem Management • Financial Systems & Services • Records & Information Management • Change Management • Cross-Functional Team & Employee Development and Management
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
FINANCIAL SYSTEM CONSULTANT – Technical Science Group Mar. 2018 – Sept. 2018, Washington, D.C.
Spearheaded management of firm’s financial ERP and related technical platforms, encompassing research, scoping, planning, and implementation of products. Planned, organized, and coordinated projects and programs ranging from solutions delivery to process improvements, business analysis, and upgrades – administering $500K budget and leading team of four. Drove financial software purchases, upgrades, integrations, customizations, security, and troubleshooting.
Select Accomplishments:
Played key role in reducing billing days from 30 to 15 in five months while enhancing accuracy with simplification and automation of financial processes, including accounting, billing, collections, risk assessment, and records management.
Expedited and enhanced quality of reports via customization and automation – working with networking, application, and accounting specialists to replace seven-day manual process to two-day automated process.
Eliminated system general ledger posting issues by modifying sub-ledger masking problems, enabling financial system balancing in hours instead of days.
ASSISTANT DIRECTOR – ELITE FINANCIAL SYSTEMS – Crowell & Moring, LL Jul. 2013 - Jan. 2018, Washington D.C.
Oversaw firm’s Elite ERP, covering financial and risk management as well as related systems. Led full lifecycle of projects and programs from planning, organizing, and coordinating to business analysis, improvements, upgrades, and support. Coordinated efforts to simplify and automate financial processes. Supported $1M budgeting. Headed client and financial reporting functions from customization to automation. Managed support contracts, vendor relations, system upgrades, and user training on financial procedures and software.
Select Accomplishments:
Slashed costs $132K in 45 days with re-development of radio-frequency identification (RFID) initiative for electronic and physical records & information management, eliminating use of servers and existing software.
Boosted revenue by $11M in nine months with negotiation and implementation of time entry solution, introducing mobile and capture technology.
Optimized billing accuracy, prioritization, and timeliness from 89% to 95% in six months with introduction of advanced billing system functions.
PRESIDENT – CHIEF STRATEGIC OFFICER – Basal Enterprises, Inc. Jan. 2010 – Jul. 2013, Las Vegas, NV
Orchestrated big-picture business operations, including strategic planning, goals definition, and establishment of corporate mission and vision. Worked closely with clients and teams throughout business analysis, program and project planning, integrations, mergers, and restructurings. Led team of project managers, trainers, and programmers. Delivered complicated client issues orally and in writing to all stakeholders. Led team of 15 remote professionals, including planning, assigning and reviewing work, evaluating performance and controlled $1.8M budget and $2.5M annual revenues.
Select Accomplishments:
Directed enterprise growth from start-up to generating over $2.5M revenues annually in three years, elevating corporate profile and securing business from 43 key clients.
Achieved top client satisfaction and retention by ensuring quality and timely servicing in alignment with individual needs.
SENIOR PROGRAM MANAGER - Thomson Reuters Jan. 1996 – Jan. 2010, Los Angeles, CA
Developed and implemented firmwide software migration and upgrade methodologies. Managed full lifecycle of 50 new client software implementations, 30 firm mergers, and 400 client upgrades as well as new product implementations worldwide, with a team of 10 consultants, providing or arranging training and development.
Select Accomplishments:
Spearheaded global ERP implementations valued at up to $5M, driving efforts of 50+ team members.
Developed and implemented firmwide financial, risk management, records and information management software migration and upgrade methodologies.
Assisted Account Executives in generating over $2M in consulting services sales annually.
CERTIFICATIONS
PROJECT MANAGEMENT PROFESSIONAL (PMP) – Project Management Institute (PMI)
AGILE CERTIFIED PRACTITIONER (ACP) – Project Management Institute (PMI)
AGILE SCRUM MASTER (ASM) – EXIN
SIX SIGMA GREEN BELT CERTIFICATION – Villanova University
AWS CERTIFIED SOLUTIONS ARCHITECT – Amazon
SALESFORCE CLASSIC ADMINISTRATOR – Salesforce
EDUCATION
MASTER OF BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION IN IT MANAGEMENT – Western Governors University Salt Lake City, UT
BACHELOR OF ARTS IN FILM – MINOR IN POLITICAL SCIENCE – Hunter College New York, NY
Contact this candidate