John F. Guerin

Beavercreek, OH ***** 503-***-****

LinkedIn.com/in/jfguerin addzsu@r.postjobfree.com

Senior-Level Sourcing/Procurement Leader

Sourcing Procurement Supply Chain Subcontracts Logistics

An Award-Winning, diverse and complex supply chain management leader with over 25 years of accomplishments and experience in Sourcing, Procurement, Supply Chain, Logistics and Subcontracts roles in Aerospace, Avionics, Defense, Utility, Paper Manufacturing and Chemical industries. Accomplished reputation for developing and delivering innovative business strategies and problem solving to drive cost reductions, process improvements, supplier effectiveness, design efficiency, and internal growth through the application of Lean concepts in Corporate and Site level capacities with a passionate and tireless work ethic to win.

Electronic Assemblies

Business Process Design

Cost Accounting

Capital Equipment

New Product Design

Information Technology

Project Management

Contract Law

Electronics Components

Supplier Management

Contract Manufacturing

SAP/VMS

Mechanical Assemblies

Lean Champion

FAR/DFAR Experience

MRO

Optics

Customer Proposals

Negotiations

Indirect Services

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Honeywell – Aerospace, Urbana, OH & Norcross, GA 2017 - Present
Senior Manager – Procurement
Streamlined $125M material spend for contract manufacturing, optics, electronics, mechanicals, fabrication and communication systems in support of the design and manufacture of engineered guidance and lighting solutions for aerospace, defense and avionics applications for plants in Urbana, OH and Norcross, GA.
Actively managed the highest procured part volume of all Aerospace sites of 500 suppliers, 20,000 active materials, 75,000 PO lines and 18 Buyers across three countries.
Formulated and executed strategies to drive improvements in clear-to-build from 70-93%, increased supplier delivery performance by 20% and reduced supplier quality escapes to 395 PPM from 2,800 PPM.

DRS Technologies, Melbourne, FL 2016 - 2017
Senior Manager - Supply Chain 2 (Sourcing, Procurement and Customer Proposal Support)
Optimized and managed $110M material spend for contract manufacturing, optical commodities, electronics, and communication systems in support of the design and manufacture of communication and operational systems for aerospace, defense and avionics applications. Influenced all aspects of introducing new products and submitting bids and proposals to customers.
Engineered multiple contract manufacturing transitions ($35M), saving the company $6M, improving supplier performance and first pass quality through supplier testing.
Formulated and executed strategies to drive $10M in saving on a complex optical assembly using foreign competition and redesign to on a $40M purchase scope.
Designed innovative process enhancements in SAP/VMS to allow for more accurate and timely customer bid proposals.
Developed a cross-functional team to define and develop a New Product Introduction process.

BWX Technologies, Lynchburg, VA
2015 - 2016
Director - Corporate Supply Management
Served as leader to drive the centralization and restructuring of Corporate Supply Management (Direct and Indirect Procurement, Material Engineering, Supplier Information Security and Travel) across ten domestic locations. Effectively managed over 70 people across multiple locations supporting the design and manufacturing of nuclear engines and fuels for submarines and aircraft carriers.
Implemented new competitive bidding and contract management protocols driving $49M in savings across a $400M spend portfolio including forgings, electronics, communications, energy, information technology and indirect services.
Spearheaded multiple departments, including Procurement, Material Engineering, Travel Management, Facility Management, Category Management, and Corporate Credit Card Programs.
Streamlined numerous SAP/VMS business process and reporting changes Delegation of Authority and Electronic requisitioning and approvals, Hands Free Purchase Order generation, Outline Agreements, and approval processes.
Rockwell Collins, Sterling, VA & Portland OR 2008 - 2015

Principal Manager - Procurement / Logistics,

Actively managed a staff of over 25 logistics, procurement, and supply chain quality professionals. Optimized a $75M material spend and $12M of inventory for our Sterling, VA and Salt Lake City, UT operations. Developed effective strategies as the head of material and supply operations for the company's $270M simulation and training business for helicopters, military and commercial aircrafts.

Received a Chairman’s and Supply Chain Achievement Award in 2015 for entire Rockwell Collins organization completing the largest material sourcing efforts in STS history:
Driving 27% material cost reductions transitioning from foreign to domestic suppliers,

$600K inventory reduction ($35%),

Supplier consolidation from 63 to 25 suppliers,
Lead-time from 65 to 21 days for $25M per year in spend
Redesign of mechanical parts to reduce installation time by 50%,
Enabled STS to reduce selling price and secure a five-year contract with Lockheed Martin.

Senior Manager - Procurement / Logistics,
Actively managed a staff of over 30 Procurement, Subcontracts, Application Engineering, Supply Chain Quality, and Logistics professionals. Led all aspects of direct materials acquisition, stocking, delivery and contract manufacturing. Supporting a $300M site which designs and manufactures Head-up and Helmet Mounted guidance systems and optical assemblies for numerous commercial and military applications.
Delivered effective strategies for bid projects on turnkey printed circuit card assemblies, investment castings, and machined and sheet metal driving down cost by 35% and inventory levels by $2.5M.
Earned Lean Champion status through an imaginative launch of a Requisition to Pay Lean event and six innovative value-generating Lean events concerning new product introduction, manufacturing, material flow, and engineering change management, logistics warehouse redesign and Supplier Relationship Management/VMS development.

PacifiCorp, Portland, OR
2001 - 2008
Senior Sourcing Manager - Transmission/Distribution Equipment & Services
Actively managed a team of 12 Sourcing and Planning professionals in support of six Hub and 56 Spoke locations across six western states for the production and distribution of electric power. Procured Capital equipment, Information Technology for the company including power transformers, breakers, switchgear, poles, cables, pole line hardware and metering communication systems.
Awarded "Top Performer" status with a savings of over $24M in 2007 and for the fourth time in seven years.
Successfully optimized SAP/VMS automation by design and implementation of an eSourcing (Procuri) application.
Initiated the company’s first key equipment purchases in Mexico, Brazil, and China.
Orchestrated the implementation of Five Year Warranty requirements, Letter of Credits, and Guaranteed Continuous Improvement Savings into key equipment purchases.

Sappi Fine Paper North America, Westbrook, ME
1998 - 2001
Senior Procurement Manager - Capital & eCommerce

Spearheaded design configuration, business process development, data conversion, communication, and training in SAP with regards to the Requisition to Payment structure across seven domestic paper manufacturing locations. Designed and administered policies and strategies to effectively manage all centralized master data catalogs, including 135,000 material and 25,000 vendor records.
Efficiently automated through EDI functionality 55% (66,000 items) of all purchasing transactions and 30% of all Accounts Payable invoices within 18 months.
Acclaimed as one of the "Top 50 eProcurement Leaders in the United States" by ISource Online.
Optimized the Master Data, Receiving, Payment, Inventory Management, MRP, and Purchasing information for the $50 million SAP implementation.
Assembled a Capital Procurement team to support $200M in capital procurement requirements across all locations.

EDUCATION & CREDENTIALS

B. S., Accounting University of Southern Maine, Portland, ME

Executive Lean Leadership Certification University of Kentucky

Six Sigma Green Belt Certification Dr. Richard Chua

Lean Champion – Rockwell Collins - 2008-2015
Contact this candidate