Oscar Leung
adedkr@r.postjobfree.com linkedin.com/in/oscar-leung https://github.com/holymushy 510-***-**** OBJECTIVE
Seeking software development, software engineering, full-stack, or quality assurance positions COMPETENCIES
Languages:Java, Python, JavaScript, Racket, Scala, C++, Ruby OS:Windows, Mac, Ubuntu
Experience in: Github, Jira, Loggly, Testrails, Salesforce CRM Dev. Environments:Eclipse, Android Studio, XCode, Visual Studio Code Exposed to: Jenkins, TeamCity, Amplitude, Fabric, SQL CERTIFICATION
Google Cloud Platform, Architecting with Google Compute Engine Specialization WORK EXPERIENCE
Quality Assurance Engineer, Location Labs, Avast, Emeryville,CA 6/2019 - 11/2019
● Worked across 4 major app versions, worked on over 500 tickets on Jira, filed over 200 bugs, verified over 330 bugs and 80 stories, which improved the quality of our product, and the company's relationship with AT&T.
● Owned feature test strategy creation and held meetings how to effectively test it for the team in order to identify defects, flaws, and unexpected behaviors when new features were implemented.
● Helped project manager triage bugs to effectively discern priorities and potential blockers for handoffs.
● Helped developers reproducing bugs, reviewing shared code reviews, and retrieving logs for speedy fixes.
● Helped product and design managers by addressing behavior and spec discrepancy across platforms on Zeplin.
● Performed daily exploratory testing for zero-day bug finds.
● Maintained and wrote test cases and test runs on Testrails for new releases and features for automation team.
● Helped other QAs in mentoring by familizing them with our product and tools. Case Manager,Lucentis Access Solution, Genentech, South San Francisco, CA 11/2018 - 1/2019
● Served as a liaison between patients, providers, distributors, and insurance carriers to ensure services are provided in the least restrictive and least costly manner to ensure patients stay on or start therapy.
● Provided customer focused reimbursement support to patients, pharmacists, physicians, and internal Salesforce.
● Performed 11+ tasks per hour and 2500+ tasks during the busiest season, and made over 100 outbound calls, consistently exceeding the expectations.
Student Assistant, Graduate Extended Studies, San Jose State University, San Jose, CA 3/2016 - 9/2017
● Recruited 50+ students into master’s programs while maintaining Salesforce logs.
● Made/received phone calls from students pursuing a Master's program.
● Set up monthly symposium events for guest speakers around Silicon Valley.
● Worked with Industrial Design to create videos for the department website.
● Maintained equipment such as touch screen tablets and mics for professors. PROJECTS
Aimer Slackbot - Team Project - 2019 Location Lab Hackathon - github.com/holymushy/Aimer
● A Slack bot that brings encouragement to your work life and brings people together.
● Wrote JSON file and interactor in python to read the keyword responses for the bot.
● Became familiar with standard Git flow source control on the web and command line. Featherweight JavaScript - github.com/holymushy/Featherweight-JavaScript
● A minimal version of JavaScript compiler that supports basic functions like expression.
● Wrote the lexical rules in the grammar file so that the compiler is able to parse the expression. Tyrion - Scrolling Shooter Game (JOGL) - github.com/holymushy/Tyrian0.1
● A complete playable game where you shoot monsters and win the game by killing the boss
● Utilized AABB checks to handle physics collision detection.
● Became familiar with object-oriented programming when delegating multiple classes. ParkHere Android App - github.com/holymushy/ParkHere-BlackLightning
● A parking app that arranges transactions between users and clients.
● Performed black-box and white-box techniques on different functionalities.
● Delivered project parts using Waterfall Model, Agile, and scrum/sprint methodologies. Fall 2019
Summer 2018
Spring 2018
Fall 2017
EDUCATION
San Jose State University, Class of 2018 B.S Computer Science, Minor in Japanese RELEVANT COURSES
Information Security
Compiler Design
Intro to Artificial Intelligence
Software Engineering
Intro Game Studies
Computer Game Design
Programming Paradigm
Intro to Database Management
Object-Oriented Design
Computer Game Design
Operating Systems
Data Structures & Algorithm
Formal Language & Computation
Computer Architecture1
Programming in C
Intro to Computer System
Contact this candidate