Jagannath K
Mob: 874-***-****
Email: adehn3@r.postjobfree.com
Passionate Computer Science graduate with knowledge on Data Security, Email Security, Windows Servers, Networking & Virtualization.
Having Total and Relevant of 5.10 year’s experience in information security and system administration.
Proficient in vSphere 6.0 vCenter Server 6.0 and VUM-vSphere Update Manager.
Strong Knowledge on Vormetric, Proofpoint, VMware, Windows and UNIX Administration.
Working with Fidelity Information Services as Assistant Manager Information Security.
Cyber Security: Vormetric Data Security and Proofpoint Email Protection
VMware: VMware Hypervisor, vSphere Web Client, vCenter server and SRM.
Windows: Windows Server 2012, 2008 and 2003. Proficient on AD, DNS, DHCP.
Linux/Unix: Basic Administration of RHEL v7.
Tools: Splunk, Solar Winds,LAN Sweeper, Infoblox and CyberArk 1. Fidelity Information Services Pvt Ltd Aug 2019- Till Date Client: Sainsbury’s Bank & Retails, FIS- Internal Environment: Linux, Windows, VMware and Cyber Security (Vormetric Data Security & Proofpoint Email Security) 2. Sony India Software Centre (Payroll – Happiest Minds Technologies Pvt Ltd) May 2018-Aug 2019 Client: SONY Opco’s Environment: VMware, Windows, Linux and Cyber Security (Vormetric Data Security & Proofpoint Email Security)
3. NTT Data Global Delivery Services Pvt Ltd Sep 2014 - May 2018 Client: SE2 Environment: VMware, Windows and Vormetric Data Security
&
Cyber Security:
Data Encryption-Vormetric (Thales)
Deploying, Administrating and Managing Vormetric Data Security Manager (DSM) virtual and bare-metal Appliances in different geographic locations.
End point encryption knowledge on disk level encryption, file system encryption and data at rest encryption.
Encrypting the PCI, NPI and Critically Classified Data using Different Encryption methods.
Expert Level Knowledge in Vormetric Transparent Encryption and Vormetric Key Management.
Installing and Monitoring VTE agents in different platforms i.e - Windows, Linux and AIX
Upgrading VTE agents and OS Kernels quarterly to meet the compliance requirements.
Patching the HA clustered DSM's and VTE agents across various platforms to meet the compliance requirements.
Good Knowledge on analysing Vormetric Learn Mode logs over the Splunk Dashboard.
Applying the Access Controls - ACL including User Set, Process Set and Time Sets at different levels.
Enabling/Integrating the DSM's with LDAP and RSA to meet the Compliance.
Configuring Syslog, SNMP and SMTP Monitoring Components.
Good knowledge on syslog and Splunk log analysis.
Deploying the Vormetric Test Lab to replicate the unforeseen issues and for Testing new features.
Proficient in Vormetric Live Data Transformation - LDT
Familiar with ITIL change process.
Good troubleshooting knowledge on Agent and DSM communication issues.
Basic knowledge on Data Discovery and Data Classification.
Encrypting the Databases, Flat files and Unstructured Data across different Domains in Data at Rest.
Encrypting the Veritas Cluster Volumes and Cluster Files systems.
Proficient in Veritas Encryption and Configuring the Guard Points as resources at cluster level.
Creating the Changes for Upgrading the VTE agents and DSM's .
Pro-active Monitoring of VTE agent services and Guard Point status over the Smart Cloud Monitoring tool.
Monitoring the DSM's HA Availability and Performance using SNMP traps and SMTP.
Performing the BCP/DR between Primary and Secondary Data centers to ensure the DSM's Availability.
Creating Vormetric Lab Infrastructure using virtual DSM's.
Configuring Automatic Backups of DSM's & restoring the DSM's Backup wherever required.
Good knowledge on Creating and importing wrapper keys and Custodians.
Expert Level troubleshooting skills in Windows and Linux in-terms of Agent communication issues and Guard Point issues.
Good Understanding on Thales Compatibility Matrix for efficient agent upgrades.
Proficient in Administrating DSM CLI & Configuring DSM HA clusters using DSM CLI.
Good knowledge on Service Now and BMC Remedy Ticketing tools.
Good understanding on Information Security Compliance and Governance.
Knowledge in data encryption process, access control, cryptographic key management, and PKI life cycle management.
Familiar with common identity, authentication, and directory services, such as Active Directory, LDAP.
Familiar in IT infrastructure products and service control management, policies and standards, business readiness, exceptions management and alignment to the enterprise. Security compliance and risk management.
Familiar with change management and deployment processes in large IT organizations.
Working knowledge of networks, protocols, standards, Linux/Unix/Window OS internals, and system configuration.
Proficient knowledge of Linux/Windows file systems/folder permissions and access control and Understanding of least privilege.
Working on Cyber security/IT operations across functional team for overall administration and policy management of Vormetric Lifecycle.
Maintaining a thorough understanding of encryption standards and best practices.
Conducting Workshops about the Vormetric Encryption and the Lifecycle approach of Encryption standards with FIS clients.
Email Protection – Proofpoint On Demand-PoD (SaaS)
Email Gate way to filter emails across Sony operating companies, which includes filtering various types of Email’s, attachments and URL Defense.
Certified - Proofpoint Accredited System Administrator.
Professionally Trained – Proofpoint Certified Administrator (PCA) in Email Protection.
Familiar with Policy routes, Email Firewall rules and Custom spam rules.
Hands-on into Smart Search, Attachment Defense and URL Defense.
Good Knowledge on End user spam digest and Spam detection module.
Hands on into Targeted attack protection, Email attachment protection and URL Defense.
Familiar in Quarantine, User Management, System, TAP, EMF Modules in PoD.
Creating tickets with Proofpoint in PCSC-Proofpoint Customer Success Center for product support. VMware Administration: vSphere 6.0
Installation and Administrating of Esxi 6.0 and vCenter server 6.0.
VM Servers build & rebuild (deploying the New VM from the template and cloning the existing VM)
Upgrading Esxi from 5.5 to 6.0 using VUM –Vmware Update Manager.
Adding hosts to the Vcenter and clusters. Creating Clones, templates and Snapshots.
Creating alarms, checking Tasks and Events of Virtual machines and Hosts.
Enabling and configuring Cluster Features like DRS and HA.
Migrating of Virtual Machines using vMotion and Storage vMotion.
Installing Patches on ESXi and Upgrading the ESX Servers.
Upgrading Vmtools and VM Hardware versions.
Experience in Performing P2V and V2V conversions for server Consolidation and Hardware Refresh.
Creating and configuring VM port groups and VM Kernel Port Groups.
Good understanding of Virtual switch, Distributed Virtual switch and NIC teaming.
Administration and Troubleshooting of ESXi Servers,Virual Machines and vCenter Server issues.
Reconfiguring VMs as per customer requirement - Extending disk, Increasing RAM, adding CPU, Adding new hard disk and adding NIC card.
Adding vlan’s to the Vcenter as per the request.
Working on alerts which are generating from Vcenter, Solarwinds and BBMP Tools..
Troubleshooting and configuring HA, DRS and vMotion and Storage vMotion issues. Windows Server Skills:
Configuring and Managing AD – Creating Users, Groups, OU Movement, Manipulating Security permissions and applying file level restrictions.
Configuring and managing DHCP – IP Reservation configuring Secondary DHCP for HA.
Configuring and managing DNS – Creating Records for Zones (forward lookup).
Windows Event Viewer – Analyzing System Logs, Security Logs and Application related Logs.
Group Policy Management – Implementing Policy to Block USB Drives, Disabling Windows tools.
Task Scheduler – Scheduling Weekly reboot of Production servers.
NIC Teaming – Teaming NIC for better throughput and Failover.
Installing and verifying Backup agent and BBMP agents to make sure Backup is running and Server being monitored.
Adding servers to Monitoring tools to ensure CPU, Memory and disk Utilization is Moderate.
Performing Service Pack Upgrading on windows servers 2008 and 2012 to ensure server build is up to date.
Administering servers using iDRAC, ILO and RDP. Applications / Tools:
Symantec Endpoint Protection Manager v12.1.7.
Symantec backup Exec v14.
Bit locker Administration – To Encrypt Desktop/Laptop Drives over the domain.
Vormetric Data Security Manager – DSM
ProofPoint Email Protection
UNIX Administration Skills:
Installing and Configuring Red Hat enterprise Linux 6 and 7.
Upgrading the Unix Kernels on demand basis.
Installing packages trough yum repository and manually.
Knowledge on Creating and Administrating the Users and Groups.
File permissions and user permissions and process management.
Good Knowledge on Basic Administration of Linux.
MBA in Information Technology from Jaipur National University, Pune 2017 (Distance Education)
B.Sc., in Computer Technology from Anna University, Chennai -2013.
Microsoft Certified Azure Fundamentals.
ITIL® Foundation Certified in IT Service Management.
Proofpoint Accredited System Administrator.
Nationality : Indian
Date of Birth : 3rd March 1992
Languages : English, Kannada, Tamil and Telugu
Contact this candidate