*
Sachin Bhagat adeld2@r.postjobfree.com +1-512-***-**** Boston, MA www.linkedin.com/in/sachinmbhagat 15+ years of techno functional IT experience in product design, development, implementation, maintenance and operation in financial and cybersecurity space.
Education
Master of Management Studies (MBA), Mumbai University. [Top 20 BSchools in India]
Bachelor of Engineering (Computer Science), Mumbai University. [Top 5 Engineering Colleges in Mumbai] Certifications
Certified Product Manager (CPM), The Association of International Product Marketing and Management (AIPMM) Certified Information Security Manager (CISM), Information Systems Audit and Control Association (ISACA) Certified Scrum Product Owner® (CSPO), Scrum Alliance Customer Analytics, Wharton Project Management Professional (PMP), Project Management Institute (PMI) Lynda Course: AWS SAFe® 5.0 Lean Portfolio Management (LPM), Scaled Agile Preparing CISSP Work Experience
Guidehouse Formerly PwC PS, 2018-present
App Integration Lead, Single Sign On (SSO) Product Implementation (Centrify Idaptive – Enterprise Software SaaS) Goal: Secure 40+ critical applications, email access for 25k+ users and portal for external users.
Centralized authentication and authorization for 40+ on premise and cloud applications with SSO Technology.
Designed SSO solutions with SAML, Open ID Connect and OATH protocols (API integration).
Secured 230k+ external users’ access by implementing external user portal with apps and Operations model
Operationalized SSO implementation for critical application with 2K users with data analysis and automation
Implemented 2nd Factor Authentication, Password reset features by implanting org level security policies
Delivered projects by creating Project Planning, configuration, migration, demo, release date and communication
Presented progress reports to sr management such as Program Manager, CTO, Ass CISO, Directors & Vendor State Street, 2015-18
Principal Consultant - Product Design, Implementation and Product Owner Product Implementation of Identity and Access Management Product (SailPoint IIQ)
Goal: To integrate 1500+ applications used globally with IAM platform
Integrated 25+ global applications by designing solutions based on stakeholders’ requirements
Fulfilled business requirements by applying business rules and program security policies.
Provided inputs for recertification of critical and noncritical functions / team Product Design (functional) and implementation of Customer Identity Repository
Goal: To create single source of Customer Identity Repository.
Delivered version 1.0 of new product in 4 months
Developed product requirements for 3 phases based on product vision & analysis of existing application.
Facilitated brainstorming sessions and user feedback sessions by providing workflow & alternative workflows
Collaborated with cross functional team to release product, UX design using Agile methodology as product owner Product Redesign with Componentization
Goal: To redesign exiting platform to reuse existing modules, frequent & independent releases
Created functional architecture with core, independent and dependent modules to accelerate subsystem development, process cadence to enable new feature of Privilege Access Management System (PAM)
Presented the initiative and benefits to Programs’ town hall meeting
Developed prototype by brainstorming with senior members from business, technical and architecture groups 2
Feature Development of Enterprise Process Account Management for Database ID’s
Goal: To enable security for database ids.
Developed BRD, FSD and wireframe to secure DB IDs.
Supported development of database accounts management system with leadership and technical team Product Implementation Lite version of Identity and Access Management Goal: To enable faster adoption of IAM platform
Supported development and implementation of lite version of product developed by engineering team Product Design (functional) and development of Identity and Access Management Platform
Goal: To develop IAM product to secure applications
Lead new feature by Business requirements gathering with BRD, FRD, UI, engineering, testing and operations.
Created product roadmap based on inquiries, internal brainstorming sessions and future plans Charles Schwab
Managing Consultant (Manager) as Sr. BA and PM, Product Development and Maintenance, 2012-14
Goal: To provide market data to web and mobile platform by leading lead 3 teams (Program Management)
Consolidated acquired company’s derivative trading features with existing platform (Analytics team)
Implemented multiple regulatory changes and Market Data Platform enhancements (Market Data)
Added new customized data feed (consolidation of free fields from difference data feeds) from exchange
Enabled new vendor NEWS provider (Market Data) as part of business strategy.
Applied redesigned password authentication workflow for end users (Middleware)
Delivered automation/testing tool which provided 30 to 40% test coverage and hence reduced cost Managing Consultant (Manager) Sr. Business Analyst and Project Manager, Platform / Product Integration, 2010-12
Goal: To expand globally to offer European and Asian market data and support Strategic initiative SII
Enabled 14 new global exchanges feed using Wombat’s product to expand international markets view.
Improved integration between systems & workflows in advisors’ offices with Schwab systems with SII Project
Lead 2 teams Web Services and Market Data with 40+engineers in Onshore Offshore delivery model with 4 locations at offshore and US, including monthly demand management, prioritization & forecasting
Aligned teams to line of business, mentoring program for junior members and lesson learned session Business Analyst and Project Lead – Product Knowledge Transition, and Product Feature Development, 2008-10
Goal: To transition Market Data Architectural knowledge and deliver new projects releases
Gained Product Knowledge (11 applications) in 10 weeks by conducting 1-1 sessions with architect and engineers
Lead 14 members team. Interviewed, onboarded, trained junior BA’s & Engineers to build team.
Analyzed product impact due to new enhancement, defect, regulatory changes and prioritized releases. UBS, Hong Kong, 2006-07
Lead Business Analyst, Investment Banking Operations. Goal: Engagement – To learn operations processes, documentation, improve and help set up new operations team
Lead team of 11 operation analysts to documented and recommended product workflow suggestions LionBridge India Technologies, 2003-04. Consultant, Product Localization. Goal: Engagement – To localize mobile phone’s digital user manuals from English to target languages
Localized Mobile manuals from English to target languages using tools. Promoted to lead role in 6 months. Awards
Winners BFSI : Continuous Improvement and Excellence Awards Certificate of Achievement : Customer Centricity (X Serve) Outstanding Performance Award by VP, US Based Stock Brokerage Firm Shining Start Award – Finance Solutions Excellence Award Best Initiative Award (Knowledge Management Portal – Market Data) Wipro Quarterly Award Certificate : Registered 19 improvements on intranet site.
Contact this candidate