SENIOR INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY AND SECURITY EXPERT

Anish Mehta is an energetic and ethically driven IT and Information Security professional with 15+ years of expertise managing global technical operations. Anish serves as a thought leader tasked with leveraging his diverse background to implement technical programs, processes and policies for the company and is often sought out as a valued partner of the C-suite. He is a valuable leader for organizations requiring process and IT culture redesign, training, infrastructure, information security, implementation and maintenance activities. Anish is skilled at identifying cost reduction opportunities and implementing programs that drive efficiencies while simultaneously reducing cost. He is frequently requested by high value clients who rely on him for trustful technical recommendations that improve their processes and also drive sales for the company. Anish began his career providing Tier 1 support and has evolved to managing entire IT departments. This allows him to understand the technical fundamentals and dependencies to provide holistic remedies and infrastructures that result in measurable company-wide benefits. Anish is dedicated to recognizing and retaining global talent in a collaborative environment that transcends geographical borders, breeds trust and fosters respect.

CORE COMPETENCIES

15+ years of progressive IT field experience including developing strategy for information security network management, network design and implementation, and policy execution.
Expert in evaluating IT processes and identifying gaps, improvements and implementing solutions both internally and with high profile clients.
Broad experience managing IT categories such as telephony, telecommunication, servers, storage, data center, enterprise software and support, middleware, security solutions, mobile and other technical categories.
Proficient in monitoring, triaging, and responding to security events, while maintaining thorough case management documentation.
Process-oriented professional with quick problem-solving and analytical skills.
Multilingual in English, Hindi, and Gujarati.

TECHNICAL EXPERTISE

Information Security: IBM QRadar, IBM AppScan, Nessus, McAfee, IPS, Cisco IPS, BurpSuite
Operations Systems: Windows XP, Vista, Win7, Mac OS, Linux (Red Hat, Ubuntu) MS Hyper-V, Citrix XenServer, NSX VMware ESXi.
Network Systems: NetApp, Cisco ASA 5500 series routers. Catalyst 2900 & 3000 series switches. PIX 500 series firewall systems. Cisco VPN, Juniper VPN, Iron Port, Site Scope.
Development Software: Adobe Creative Suite CS3/CS4, Visual Basic Studio 2008, FrontPage & Ultra Edit.
Enterprise + Other: Exchange ActiveSync, Microsoft Exchange Server 2003/2007
BlackBerry Enterprise Server (BES). Microsoft Windows Server 2000/2003/2008, Flash Media & Streaming servers.
Microsoft SharePoint, Microsoft Small Business Server 2003/2008
Microsoft IIS (6/7/7.5) & Symantec Backup Exec.
Symantec Ghost/Antivirus/ Mail Security, McAfee EPO/Virus Scan/Endpoint Encryption.
Apple iPhone (Exchange/ActiveSync) Microsoft WSUS 3.0.
Google Apps (GoogleSites, GoogleDocs), Symantec Backup Exec System Recovery.
iPhone Configuration Utility, Microsoft Office Communications Server 2007 / ActiveSync.
VoIP (Televantage & Asterisk), VPN (SSL, OpenVPN, PPTP, IPSec & SSL).

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

IT Manager/Technical Project Manager Box Inc.
February 2019 – Current Redwood City, CA

Oversee all day to day IT support operations for our growing offices throughout the US with significant influence on global operations. Responsible for planning and organizing team’s activities to ensure the successful delivery of projects and initiatives.
Successfully built and scaled customer focused, technical support team, including hiring, developing, and performance management. Ensure team is equipped with the knowledge, training, tools and mentorship to successfully support and operationalize existing and new technologies.
Design, implement, and manage policies or procedures for incident and problem management, ensuring high availability, efficiency, and security.
Understand evolving business needs across the organization to develop solutions that drive efficiency, scale, and innovate the support experience. Develop and execute strategies or initiatives that align to the Company’s goals, scale operations and innovate the support experience.
Develop and refine operational metrics to measure customer satisfaction, trends, employee productivity, and opportunities. Collaborate with internal partners to understand their immediate and long- term needs and driving engineering projects to solve for the long term. Meeting with product teams in the development of new products, providing feedback on new ideas and testing in production scenarios - balancing the uptime needs of a corporate network and product testing.
Develop, maintain, and distribute (as appropriate) standard project management deliverables for the successful launch of new products and services including implementation plan, project schedule, project budget and variances, issues & action items log, meeting minutes, risks assessment and contingencies. Prioritize requirements and define scope to meet market needs in a timely manner given available resources.
Lead vendor selection process (including RFPs and Pricing) and manage against deliverables (including SOWs, change management, approval of deliverables). Partner with internal and external development teams to deliver on time and with the quality required.
Provide technical guidance on policies and standards for SSO, MDM and other company-wide IT services
Coordinate and collaborate with legal, privacy and compliance teams to evaluate new and existing services for security and duplicate functionality

Information Systems Security Officer/Technical Manager Redapt Inc. for Uber Technologies
April 2012 – January 2019 San Jose, CA

Responsible for deploying information security initiatives along with implementation and maintenance of Uber’s global commercial and government lines of business. Geographies covered include US, China, South America, Africa, India, Italy and Croatia.
Strong/experienced application development and application security background, with solid knowledge of design, testing, deployment to post production.
Served as an Information Security subject matter expert and participated in the development, implementation and maintenance of information security processes for the corporation.
Provided guidance and advocacy regarding the prioritization of technical investments that impacted security policies and procedures.
Advised management on risk issues related to information security and recommended actions in support of the company’s wider risk management and compliance programs.
Managed quality control and reporting while ensuring compliance with policies and domestic and international laws, including GDPR.
Solid grasp of security in big data and other instructed large data structures.
Ability to build strong partner relationships with peer technology groups.

Participated in key CIO operating routines to drive information security risk strategy

Instrumental in helping build a hyper scale consumer app-based company grow from zero infrastructure to 100’s of thousands of compute nodes, 10’s of thousands of network devices and helped build a global infrastructure spanning across the United States and China.
Implemented new partner connections within defined on-boarding processes. Responsible for managing all IT related project tasks, while providing exceptional customer service to the client and clear communication to the business stakeholders.
Ensured clear and defined support requirements during project completion and launch. Provided post launch support to groups as well as partners in escalated situations where project knowledge is required.
Strong technical skills and experience including but not limited to project management, software development methods and tools, software systems and data management, system infrastructure and operations, and technical support.
Strong understanding of emerging business solutions, technologies, and delivery methodologies
Responsible for establishing strong partnerships third party service providers including negotiating access agreements, establishing service level agreements, and ensuring contracts are in place to support the services provided by the infrastructure team.

Senior Operations Analyst Hewlett-Packard for Microsoft Corporation
April 2010 – April 2012 Santa Clara, CA
Desktop security practices, including patching and updating the OS, security settings in the OS and in applications and anti-virus and anti-spy applications.
Install/ upgrade/ replace server, device, or network components as needed in all datacenter environments.
Troubleshoot network issues, LAN, WAN, TCP/IP problems, DHCP, DNS.
Diagnose and resolve requests utilizing Altiris, RDC, and Carbon Copy.
Remote and desk-side installation of various software packages, engineering tools, and patches utilizing Altiris.
Monitor/Administer Windows network for large Multi-site Corporation, 100 sites, 250,000 users.
Ability to interface with vendors and other department IT groups to ensure compliance with customers and third-party security requirements.

CERTIFICATIONS

Dell Blades Server Solutions - Sales v6, 2020
Dell Blade Server Solutions – Technical, 2020
Dell PowerEdge Server – Technical, 2020
Dell PowerVault Storage - Technical Training, 2020
Dell Force10 FTOS Technical Highlights, 2020
Dell Force 10 S-Series Technical Overview, 2020
Dell Online Self Dispatch Blade Certification, 2020
Dell Online Self Dispatch PowerVault Certification, 2020
Dell Online Self Dispatch PowerEdge Certification, 2020
Dell Online Self Dispatch Blade Certification, 2020
Servicing HP Proliant ML/DL/SL Servers, 2020

EDUCATION

California State University of Hayward ~ California
Bachelor of Science, IT Management & Marketing – 3/2010
Contact this candidate