Kita Grinage

Mobile: 678-***-****
Security Clearance – Public Trust
Email: adezuw@r.postjobfree.com
Summary
** + years of proven ability working on large global and complex enterprise projects. Effective in facilitating and preparing meeting logistics. Working closely with Program Manager on project initiatives and managing financials. Establishing and maintained working relationships across both the business and technology areas to include stakeholders, developers, vendor partners, and end users. Support Business Analyst team with the updates of Functional/Technical specifications. Instrumental in promoting teamwork and communication. Proficient in multiple industries from Insurance, HR/Payroll, Quick Service Restaurant, Insurance, and Software industry.

Professional Experience
Inspire Brands 1/2019 to 2/2020
Project Coordinator (via TEKsystems)– IT PMO
●Manage and coordinate all IT Projects to ensure company resources are utilized appropriately. Compile project status reports and coordinate project schedules. Work with enterprise and brand specific programs within the IT PMO for Inspire Brands, a multi-brand restaurant company whose portfolio includes quick service restaurants (QSRs) such as Arby’s, Buffalo Wild Wings, SONIC Drive-In, Rusty Taco and Jimmy John’s locations worldwide.
oInspire Brands Altametrics Software Implementation for Arbys and Buffalo Wild Wings – Manage trackers and cross project dependencies, risks, issues/conflicts. Attend daily project meetings associated with assigned projects. Monitor financial delivery from invoicing to monthly accruals. Point of contact for SharePoint administration, weekly status reports and onboarding of new teammates. Collaborate with Business Analysts concerning any outstanding deployment tasks where assistance is needed.
oArby’s Drive Thru Timer Refresh – Successfully maintained all visits for installs and maintained the processing of all invoicing. Engaged in weekly calls with vendors to receive communications/updates with the installations/timelines. Worked closely with Project Manager, vendors, internal help desk and Arbys stores to coordinate the replacement of Drive Thru Timer equipment. Maintained communication with store General Managers to report any technical malfunctions post the initial visit.
oArby’s Infrastructure Refresh – Worked with Arbys stores and external vendors for the replacement of the aged restaurant network cable infrastructure.

AT &T Communications 03/2017 to 12/2018
Project Manager Team Lead (via TEKsystems)
●Managed escalations and Production Validation Testing Deployment for AT&T SDWAN PVT and Flexware NoD PVT Project.
oImproved processes by creating training, quick reference materials and other documentation to ensure that the team had consistent knowledge of all processes.
oLiaison between PVT test team and Application owners, to increase productivity and communication.
oLead daily Executive level conference calls – to ensure forward progress and dissemination of project and goals and roadblocks.
oEnsured all deployments were successful and provided status updates to leadership team with all escalated tickets.
oSuccessfully trained incoming project team members.

Home Depot 05/2016 to 11/2016
Compliance Project Manager – Team Lead (via Corporate Temps)
●Executed internal and external compliance communications with outside regulatory agencies in order to obtain licensure for all third-party vendors state-wide. Managed compliance staff and communicated to senior level management with all risks and roadblocks.
oWorked with team on multiple compliance related initiatives to ensure appropriate processes and procedures.
oDaily communication with regulatory agencies to obtain requirements per state, localities and school districts.
oConducted daily standups to discuss any roadblocks to report to the stakeholders and management.
oCommitted to drive the business by engaging in effective communication and training.
oDeveloped and nurtured trusted relationships with Business Partners and Executives.

Morneau Shepell, Inc. 09/2015 to 12/2015
Implementation Project Manager
●Managed implementation processes and worked closely with Program Manager to include planning and execution. Monitored each step within the implementation process, identified potential issues and mitigated.
oCollaborated with Implementation Managers to ensure knowledge transfer and best practices across the implementation team.
oManaged materials and any requests as it pertained to the implementation and the launch of the new clients.
oPromoted teamwork and collegiality in the work environment.
oWorked independently with minimal supervision and assisted with special projects and other tasks, as required.

Ebix, Inc. 03/2011 to 9/2015
Sr. Implementation Consultant
●Prepared requirements for all projects, documented all systems integration requirements in order to prepare for configurations such as data mapping and design. In addition, provided support during the implementation processes.
oCreated implementation plans in order to meet critical milestones and timelines.
oProduced and managed client-facing documentation.
oEstablished and maintained a strong relationship with the clients.
oTrained new clients on the essentials of systems in preparation for the implementations.
oInformed Executives with progress and advocated for change when needed.

CTS Global, LLC 01/2009 to 3/2011
Consultant/Project Coordinator
●Ensured efficient implementations with all projects and effectively communicated deadlines and status updates to the clients and implementation teams.
oProcessed invoicing related to multiple projects and tracked payments in system to ensure timely payments.
oCoordinated the processing of new contracts with final document for full execution.
oOrganized and maintained project documents in addition to providing project support.
oMet monthly with stakeholders and assisted with vendor negotiations.
oMaintained an effective working relationship with all levels.

Ultimate Software Group 10/2006 to 1/2009
Project Lead/System Administrator
●Utilized help desk system to onboard users, field account transfers and maintained updates and new business processes.
oWorked closely with IT Team to administer and manage UAT testing for upgrades and new releases.
oAssisted field representative with any technical issues while on site with clients in order to ensure system efficiency.
oResolved complex issues for external clients such as connectivity and logins.
oCreated process documentation with audit reporting as required.

United Dominion Realty Trust 01/2006 to 8/2006
HRIS Analyst
●Analyzed and maintained the companies Human Resource Information Systems (HRIS). Responsible for overseeing project development from inception to completion. Supported payroll team with employee records, and Kronos timekeeping. Ensured information security, testing updates, and improving process efficiencies.
oAssisted in identifying new HR and software requirements.
oGranted access to authorized users as needed.
oMaintained standards to keep data safe, organized and properly stored.
oInvolved in tracking, identifying, monitoring, and communicating the issues related to the project. In addition, to closely tracking the contingencies that occurred during the implementations.
oActively involved in various phases of the lifecycle such as testing, training, and supporting the stages for upgrading, new development and building new processes.

VOLUNTEER EXPERIENCE

American Red Cross 02/2019 to 3/2019
Blood Donor Ambassador
●Ensured that the blood donors had a pleasant and fulfilling experience, from the moment of arrival to departure. Answered any questions from the donors with professionalism.
oAble to communicate effectively with diverse populations
oDemonstrated excellent customer service skills
oManaged the reception process and greeted each donor with a smile
oMaintained the hospitality experience by offering refreshments and alerting staff immediately if a donor was not feeling well
oExhibiting the five key courtesies of respect, compassion, communication, collaboration, and competence

Education
Master of Public Health
South University (Currently Enrolled)

Bachelor of Arts, Psychology
Argosy University

CERTIFICATIONS

Primavera P6

Skills
SharePoint, Salesforce, SmartOffice, MS Office, SAP, Clarity, ParBrink POS, MS SharePoint Administrator, MS Project, HP Quality Center, UltiPro, and TDP
Contact this candidate