Vinay S
Contact: +91-990**-*****
+91-80-232*****
Mail: adfcrh@r.postjobfree.com
OBJECTIVE:
To obtain a challenging position in a company that will utilize my expertise, relationship building, domain Expertise and leadership skills in a mutually beneficial way. Also using my potential skills to grow as the organization grows. Career Summary:
A highly dedicated, result-oriented professional with good communication, presentation and interpersonal skills with 9.9 years of experience in Operations Management, Project Management, Procurement, Process Management, SCM and CRM.
Dedicated Operations Manager and effective leader who excel at using proven methods and cutting-edge technology to successfully cut costs, streamline operations and increase productivity.
Possess engineering in Mechanical & MBA in Retail Operations Management, with good experience in production field & supply chain management and also good knowledge in hydraulics & its applications.
More than 9 years of experience in various facets of production & procuring materials from national and international markets.
Expertise in developing local vendors thereby reducing the cost of procurement of material.
Experienced with implementing systems of inventory management avoiding over-stocking or wastage.
Strong Service delivery, client interfacing and Quality management skills.
Managing and building the relationship with key client stakeholders.
Experience in successfully coordinating the activities of various departments concerned with procurement, production, pricing, sales and distribution of products & services.
Proven people management skills with the ability to manage performance and motivate staff on an Individual and Team level.
4years of Experience in handling govt. projects for clients like BHEL, SAIL, HAL.
AREAS OF EXPERTISE
Production Control Supply Chain Management Design
Quality Adherence Service Level Adherence Client Management
Troubleshooting Process Optimization Material Planning
Logistics Production Planning Contracts Negotiation
TALLY ERP 9.0 Strategic Planning, Global &
Strategic Sourcing
Systems & Process
Implementation.
Team Building & Training Regulatory Compliance Resource Allocation
P&L Accountability Policy / Procedure Development Cost Reduction / Avoidance
Education:
MBA in Retail Operations Management from Sikkim Manipal University of Distance Education in 2011
BE in Mechanical Engineering from University Visvesvaraya College of Engineering in 2008 Certification Course:
Basics of Robotic Process Automation (RPA)
Lean Management & Six Sigma (6σ)
KEY SKILLS & COMPETENCIES:
Proven ability to lead, motivate and build successful teams.
Understand all legal, regulatory, information security and compliance requirements.
Proven influencer & negotiator.
Achieving targets in a dynamic and complex business environment.
Team leading & people development skills.
Able to manage and develop a diverse group of highly skilled people.
A pragmatic approach to getting the required results.
Ability to manage operations within budgetary constraints.
Building and maintaining strong and effective relationships with suppliers and customers. SAP MM Expertise:
In-depth knowledge of configuration and customizing procedures for SAP R/3 Material Management Module.
Having good knowledge in Organizational structure and Material Management Activities.
Special procurements such as Inventory PO, Consumables PO, Subcontracting, and Consignment.
Split Valuation.
Engineering Change Management.
Exposure on Pricing Procedure.
Release procedure for PO and PR.
Knowledge on External Service Procurement.
Configuration of Stock transport orders.
Scheduling Agreements.
Partner Function Configurations.
Procure-to-Pay Cycle.
TALLY ERP Expertise:
Ledger Creation
Stock group & Stock part creation
Journal Creation
Stock & Inventory Maintenance through Customization PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:
Current Organization: Jacvisa Agro Trade Soon (OPC) Pvt. Ltd. Designation: Manager – Commercial & Purchase Since Feb 2020.
(Organization: Maylari Agro Products Limited
Designation: Purchase Manager – Oct 2019-Jan 2020) Duties:
Managing overall purchase activities, budgeting, Material Planning and sourcing of materials for production facilities.
Responsible for Purchase Management, Vendor Development, policy setting and to drive cost-saving initiatives across the portfolio of Raw materials.
Devise purchasing instructions and policies, and ensure proper procedure from both the company and vendors.
Prepare reports for costs and market conditions.
Work with other staff members to generate product specifications.
Resolve issues with contracts and supplies.
Maintain thorough records of orders.
Develop and implement organizational policies for the department.
Manage budget for purchasing department.
Create specifications for the delivery of new products.
Consider environmental impact when determining transportation needs.
Establish strategic alliances/ tie-ups with financially strong/reliable suppliers, strengthen vendor source and develop alternate source of suppliers. Administer Material Planning, Vendor Development & Supplier Evaluation.
Spearheading working capital improvement through management of indices like days of Inventory, safety stocks and lead-time management.
Ensures that all purchases are made within the budget in an effort to confirm all cost-cutting best practices.
Develop and maintain cross-functional relationships to provide effective support to the business, enhancing profitability of the organization.
Pro-actively seek methods to improve operational efficiencies and performance in-line with monitoring and reporting on KPIs.
Good knowledge of Shipping instructions, Custom clearance and HSN Tariffs in India. Organization: Phalada Agro Research Foundations Pvt. Ltd. Designation: Sr. Manager – Operations & Supply Chain - Apr 2018 till Sep 2018. Duties:
Managed operational and expense budgets.
Held responsibility for WIP, DOH, and Raw Material inventory
Performed purchasing and quality assurance
Reviewed weekly MRP demand and scheduled resources to meet customer needs
Directed all production and delivery activities while maintaining quality, GMP, production, and safety standards
Coordinated procurement of raw materials and equipment, contracted services, audits and training.
Managing a team of 80 employees in a busy work environment.
Monitoring the operational activities & focusing on areas of improvement.
In-charge of Procurement, Vendor Development, Logistics, Quality, Stores, Production and overall functioning of Supply chain.
Developing of new vendors to minimize procurement costs.
Working closely with the Vendors & Logistics Partners to minimize the transit time & timely delivery of goods to the customers.
Taking steps to minimize Production loses and improvise the functional activities.
Taking steps to continually improvise Quality check process & minimize Errors at production level.
KRA reviews & appraisals of Key members of the team.
Developing reports on procurement and usage of material for top management.
Developed training programs specific for each area that helped new employees learn SOP's as well as follow-up throughout the year to monitor progress.
Procurement Planning & Vendor Development:
Preparing procurement plan on monthly basis & based on regional festivities and requirements.
Handling Raw material stock of more than 100 products which includes Pulses, Oils, Spices, Flours and Packaging.
Preparing of YEARLY agreements & contracts with farmers based on our requirements and their produce.
Maintain cost trend data for raw materials.
Developing alternate traders for our unseasonal requirements.
Liaison with finance department for timely payment of bills.
Taking steps & improvising Inventory levels to maximize fill rates per order.
Evaluating vendors & negotiating the price, delivery schedule, credit terms and other commercial conditions with them.
Logistics & Supply chain management:
Reviving the performance of the supply chain & identifying areas of improvement.
Handling of Inbound & Outbound Logistics
Analyzing logistics data to identify opportunities for improvement.
Managing stock levels across the whole supply chain & the return of rejected products with the supply base.
Fleet Management.
Quality:
Maintaining quality parameters & their respective SOP’s for every raw material.
Implementation of Quality checks & work stations at every stage of material movement right from Inward of Raw Material till dispatch as Finished Goods.
Implementation of Brain Storming session for workers to make them aware of the mistakes committed & ways to overcome them.
Highlights:
Strategic Planning, Sourcing & Cost reduction.
Introduction of machinery to improve productivity & reduce human intervention. Organization: CEJN Products India Pvt. Ltd.
Positions Held:
Operations Manager - Oct 2015 till Oct 2017
Executive – Materials & Warehouse - June 2009 till Sep 2015 Driving operational improvements, maximizing the value of the asset base while ensuring a tight control on operational costs. Responsible for monitoring and continually improving standards of performance and quality within the operation. Duties:
Improved inventory turns from 4 to 20 per year.
Reduced material and labor costs from 43% to 28% of cost of goods sold.
Achieved revenue and profit growth of >20% each year.
Managing a team of 10 employees in a busy work environment.
Monitoring the overall functioning of processes, identifying Improvement areas and implementing adequate measures to maximize Customer satisfaction level.
Assessing the Customer feedback, evaluating the areas of Improvements & providing critical feedback to the Management on Improvements and achieving higher Customer Satisfaction Matrices.
Negotiating contracts, ensuring that they balance value and risk.
Establish and implement departmental policies, goals, objectives, and procedures.
Ensuring that capacity and capability are continually planned.
Ensuring compliance to all Environmental Health & Safety goals & objectives.
Ensure the smooth running of cost-efficient manufacturing processes and timely delivery of product.
Develop productivity strategies and implement them on the factory floor.
Conduct continual analysis of productivity information and report to senior management.
Manage resources according to company’s shifting financial, logistic and personnel requirements.
Working closely with the Financial Manager, Facilities Manager, IT Manager and HR department.
Organizing work activities to achieve business objectives.
Ensuring that all staff complies with all Healthy and safety initiatives, policies and procedures.
Developing MIS reports for top management.
Highlights:
Strategic Planning Process Improvements
Global & Strategic Sourcing Cost Reduction and Containment
Negotiation Expert Financial oversight & Team Building. Order Management:
Material Planning and Purchase Supervision.
Demand Planning.
Billing plan preparation and co-ordinate with Sales, F&C to clear all hurdles related to billing.
Monitor and achieve Customer Order Deliver Reliability.
Ensure to minimize backlog orders.
Handling escalated issues from Sales, Customer and own team members.
Trading Goods Inventory Control.
Monthly Operations & Sales reporting.
Purchase Management:
Setting up the weekly, monthly, quarterly procurement plan.
Procurement of raw material from national and international market.
Development of alternative local sources for imported raw materials which helps in cost saving.
Planning and budgeting of purchase functions, involving cost estimation, contract negotiations.
Liaison with the production department to maintain optimum inventory.
Implementing systems to avoid situations like over-stocking or out-of-stock which cause production and financial losses.
Liaison with finance department for timely payment of bills. Vendor Development:
Effective management of vendor database.
ABC classification of vendors on the basis of criteria like cost, quality, timely delivery etc.
Development of new vendors.
Conducting trainings for vendors to educate them about company’s requirements and help them in improving their performance.
Evaluating vendors & negotiating the price, delivery schedule and terms and conditions with them.
Timely clearance of payments & handling vendor inquiries.
Running programs to evaluate vendors based on the feedback from internal stake holders.
Developing reports on various programs run for vendor development for top management. Stores Management:
Maintaining INWARD-OUTWARD movement of material, warehousing, and distribution operations.
Maintaining the stock of material without any variance by conducting stock verification and documentation.
Implementing Standard Operating Procedures within the warehouse.
Regularizing material receipts and ensuring the fluidity of stocks from warehouse to stores.
Conducting process audits.
Planning & implementing new design layouts of the warehouse, thereby optimizing the space. Production Planning & Logistics:
Receiving and execution of orders within stipulated time.
Followed standard operating procedures, Manuals & work inspections for production operations for the unit.
Reduced rejection level & re-work through continuous up-gradation of quality circles to observe better compliance in line with the changing customer requirement.
Planned and effected preventive maintenance schedules of various equipment to increase machine up time and equipment reliability.
Identified areas of obstruction/ break downs and took steps to rectify the equipment through troubleshooting tools.
Rendered support by ensuring that the latest maintained documentation is available and updates were issued in a timely manner.
Handling of Inbound & Outbound Logistics
Supply Chain Management:
Reviving the performance of the supply chain & identifying areas of improvement.
Optimizing all tasks and processes with the supply chain.
Planning delivery schedules.
Analyzing logistics data to identify opportunities for improvement.
Developing Robust, efficient and effective Supply Chain processes.
Inspection of incoming goods & shipments and the packaging of the goods for Delivery.
Tracking products through the supply chain ensure the arrival/ delivery at the respective destination points.
Negotiating rates with local, national and international freight forwarders.
Managing supplier and Logistics partner agreements.
Managing stock levels across the whole supply chain & the return of rejected products with the supply base.
Investigating any logistics complaints and service level issues. Personal Details:
Name : Vinay S
Father’s Name : Shivalinagappa A K.
Date of birth : 24/Aug/1986
Address : #28, 5th Cross, 2nd Main, Pattegarapalya, Vijayanagar (N), Bengaluru – 560 079
Language known : English, Kannada & Hindi
Vinay S
Contact this candidate