HAMID NOORIAN PMP, ITIL, PMI-ACP, SFC, SMC, MSEE
Sr. Program Manager / ITIL / AWS / AZURE / CISCO / Cloud / BI / SAP / ERP / WMS / CRM / Web / Mobile / DevOps
Laguna Niguel, CA 92677 949-***-**** (C) adfooo@r.postjobfree.com
Amazon AWS Architect Candidate
U.S. Citizen
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY:
Industries: HealthCare, Manufacturing, Distribution, IOT, SEO, Banking, Supply Chain, Financial Services, Local Government, Automotive
Specialties: Cloud (AZURE / AWS / Cisco / IBM), SaaS, Mobile, eCommerce Development, MDM, Mergers and Acquisitions (M&A), Enterprise Application Implementations, Infrastructure, Telephony.
Sr. Program Manager: Expert Program / Project manager offering 10 years of program management, 22 years of overall Project / Program Management success leading portfolios of diverse and complex Software Development, Cloud (AWS, AZURE, Cisco), Ecommerce technology, mastery of PPM tools, and IOT projects, PMP, ITIL V3 Foundation, PMI-ACP, SFC, SMC Agile SCRUM, JIRA, Confluence certified. Have a MS degree in Electrical Engineering and twenty years of experience in software and infrastructure development and deployment.
Over nine (9) years of experience in migration of applications and databases in Private, Public and Hybrid (Amazon AWS, Microsoft AZURE), Cisco, and IBM Cloud environments.
Leadership: An effective leader directing and coordinating all aspects of large and complex information technology projects including coaching, mentoring, scope, development, schedule, cost, risk optimization, QA and change management. Ensuring goals are accomplished within the prescribed period and funding parameters.
Business Strategist: Plan and manage multimillion-dollar projects ($2M – $30M), aligning business goals with technology solutions to drive process improvements, competitive advantage, and bottom-line gains.
Excellent Communicator: Leverage technical, business, and financial acumen to communicate effectively with client executives and their respective teams.
Methodologies / Team Management: Expert in SDLC, Rational unified process (RUP), SDLC, CMMI, Waterfall, Hybrid, Agile SCRUM, Agile KANBAN, and XP project management methodologies, Change Management, Pre-Sales.
Able to manage large project teams (6- 300) and known for high-quality deliverables that meet or exceed timeline and budgetary targets.
Applications: Expert in Microsoft Office, Office 365 (O365), Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Visio, Lync, Outlook, Microsoft Project, Microsoft Teams, TFS, JIRA, Confluence, BitBucket, SmartSheet, PlanView, Rally, Slack, Salesforce.com, ServiceNow, ProjectManager.com, Harvest, Microsoft Project Server, SharePoint, Workflow Manager, Tableau, Oracle Primavera P6, SaaS, Lab Information System (LIS), Acumatica, SAP, PowerBi, Oracle eBS, Oracle NetSuite, PeopleSoft, Tableau, Microsoft Teams. Cisco UCC Cloud, Avaya Cloud.

SKILLS SUMMARY
Personal Traits: Understand and deal well with rapid development cycles, remain calm & flexible in the face of uncertainty. Strong technical background, Self-motivated and proactive with demonstrated creative and critical thinking capabilities.
Program Management: ITIL, SOX Audit, HIPAA, ICD10, SAFe, PPM, JIRA, Confluence, PlanView, SmartSheet, Custom Software Development, SAP S4 / HANA, PowerBI, Application Security, IOT, Mobile Application Development, SaaS, IaaS, PaaS, PowerBI, Tableau.
IT Project Lifecycle: Resource Planning, Requirements Analysis, ROI Analysis, Costing & Budgeting, Project Scheduling, Project Reporting, Project Financials, Testing/QA/Rollout/Support, RACI Diagrams, Development Processes.
Value-Added Leadership: Communication, Team Building & Mentoring, Client Relations & Presentations, Vendor Management, Program Management, Long/Short term Business Planning, Self-Starter, Motivator

EDUCATION:
M.S. Electrical Engineering University of Colorado, Colorado Springs, Colorado
B.S. Electrical Engineering / Computer Science, University of Colorado, Colorado Springs, Colorado
CERTIFICATIONS:
PMI PMP, ITIL V3 Foundation, PMI-ACP (Agile Certified Practitioner), SFC (SCRUM Foundation Certified), SMC (SCRUM
Master Certified)

ConvergeOne, Laguna Niguel, CA (Contract) 2/2020 – Present
Cloud Program Manager
Overseeing activities of four (4) Project managers / SCRUM Masters managing cloud migration projects valued at $16.5M.
Program managing Telephony (UCaaS, CCaaS) cloud migration projects in Agile SCRUM (Agile SAFE) to Cisco UCC, Avaya, Cisco Cloud, Amazon AWS, and Microsoft Azure Cloud environments for clients throughout United States.
Responsible for program escalations, project P&L, C-Level reporting, and communication, change of scope management and mentoring project managers with process, procedures, and project governance.
Managing medium to large scale Cloud and software development projects utilizing standardized project management methodology.
Providing leadership to the project team through project analysis, scheduling, production, implementation, and monitoring to bring assigned projects to a successful conclusion.
Creating and maintaining project documentation, including status reporting, facilitating project team meetings.
Maintaining project scope and provides risk analysis, facilitating project communication at all levels and interfaces with internal and external stakeholders
Handling project issue escalation related to individual projects being managed by their team.
Reporting performance and project issues to Senior Management.
Monitoring team members project plans and results for quality and completeness.
Mentoring Project Management team members on job responsibilities
Reinforcing established project management processes, approving time sheets, and authorizing time off
Perform as a Sr Project Manager on specific projects
Organizing executive report outs for steering committees and senior leadership teams on a regular schedule.
Program managing Telephony (UCaaS, CCaaS) cloud migration projects in Agile SCRUM (Agile SAFE) to Cisco UCC, Avaya, Cisco Cloud, Amazon AWS and Microsoft Azure Cloud environments for clients throughout United States.
Responsible for program escalations, project P&L, C-Level reporting, and communication, change of scope management and mentoring project managers with process, procedures, and project governance.

Kaiser Permanente, Pasadena, CA (Contract) 10/2019 – 1/2020
Program Manager
Managed the design for cloud migration program of KP.org website from on premise to the IBM IaaS Cloud and Amazon AWS Cloud. Oversaw two project managers in implementation of Apigee and UAM (User Access Management).
Managed development of requirements and design documents and change management for cloud migration of KP.org.
Coordinating activities for the Infrastructure, cloud services, networks, marketing, sales, accounting, and finance organizations.
Facilitated the definition of project scope, goals, deliverables, project tasks and resource requirements.
Led and coordinated project managers across multiple key business initiatives to ensure overall program stays on schedule.
Held project team accountability by tracking and communicating project progress ensuring projects are delivered as per agreed scope, on time, within budget, and as per the organization’s quality standards.
Organized executive report outs for steering committees and senior leadership teams on a regular schedule.
Established project priorities and help allocate resources in line with those priorities.
Collaborated with Global MDM / Daptiv leads to monitor projects to ensure there is no duplication of effort or contradictory objectives across all projects.
Escalated and resolved all issues related to the project in a timely manner. Conducted risk assessment and maintain mitigation plan.
Acted as a liaison between project managers, senior leadership, external vendors, and other functions.
Worked with the business stakeholders and technical teams to define and communicate business requirements, project scope, project milestones and deliverables.
Developed RFPs (Requests for Proposals) for external services and manage all aspects of external vendor relationships.
Facilitated discussions across business stakeholders and project teams to determine their process and system needs on an as-needed basis.
Managing daily activities of three project managers, two SCRUM Masters and two Deployment Managers.
Facilitated SCRUM of SCRUMs and all scrum ceremonies including daily stand-up, backlog grooming, Sprint Planning, Sprint Retrospective and Sprint Reviews.

Experian / Wellfit – Costa Mesa, CA (Contract) 2/2018 – 8/2019
Program Manager - Senior Project Manager - Sr. SCRUM Master
PMO: Program managed migration of On-Premises applications and databases for Merger and Acquisition (M&A) to the Amazon AWS Cloud environment (Web, Mobile), ADFS for integration with Experian’s databases for calculation for Super FICO score. (Hyper-converged Infrastructure (HCI, VMWare, AWS, VDI, ADFS, 2FA or Multi-Factor Authentication [MFA], On-Prem Exchange, Office365 (O365), G-Suite, Planview)
Facilitated all SCRUM ceremonies, including (but not limited to) daily stand-up, grooming, planning, retrospective, scrum-of-scrums. Identified and removed roadblocks from the team’s path to ensure productivity.
DevOps: Planned production deployment of 8 eCommerce portal upgrades (Angular upgrade from release 3.0 to Angular 5.0).
DevOps: Developed high level project plan and zero-day timeline for production release of 8 eCommerce portals.
Worked with the business owner, documented business requirements, and created EPICs, Features and User Stories in Azure DevOps and Confluence.
Program managed the Infrastructure defect remediation project for Information Security department. Secured 2000 servers and over 400 applications.
Expert in working with Agile and Hybrid Waterfall teams in a matrixed environment including onsite, offshore resources, and Business stakeholders spread across multiple continents and geographic locations.
Prepared and presented reports on project risks, schedule, budget based on project and resource plan to the executive team.
Utilized Agile Scrum and Kanban methodologies. Held Sprint ceremonies with Product Owners and facilitated up to 4 Scrum teams with an average of about 8-10 team members on each team in 2-week sprints.
Facilitated sprint retrospectives, tracked sprint velocity and burndown charts. Utilized Fibonacci series for generating story points for size estimation.
Expertise in Collaboration tools including Atlassian JIRA, Confluence, MS Project, Planview, SharePoint & Rally.
Increased team’s velocity by 70% in API migration project by scheduling weekly training sessions and improving team communications.
Managed the Infrastructure defect remediation project for Information Security department. Secured 2000 servers and over 400 applications.
DevOps: Managed development of corporate wide REST based common API’s using APIGEE for mobile integration with banks and credit unions. Implemented the software solution in Amazon AWS Cloud environment.
Coached and led a team toward stable velocity, successfully meeting commitments / target dates and a healthy team dynamic utilizing available metrics to determine opportunities and drive action.
Managed corporate wide Hybrid, Agile SCRUM, Agile KanBan Microservices based software development and integration programs for an acquisition and integration. Utilizing JIRA, Confluence, Microsoft Office, Microsoft Project, and SharePoint applications.
Coached and trained multiple development and QA teams in migration from Waterfall to Agile SCRUM and Agile KanBan methodologies.

SeneGence International – Foothill Ranch, CA 3/2017 – 1/2018
Program Manager - Senior Project Manager
Oversaw creation and submission of RFP’s to SAP, Oracle, and Manhattan corporations. Reviewed the RFP response documents from SAP, Oracle, and Manhattan corporations for implementation of ERP and WMS (Warehouse Management System) and IMS (Inventory Management System) applications.
Managed the development and worldwide deployment of an eCommerce web-based shopping application, SEO ($2.1 MM, Agile SCRUM – Microservices based) for SeneGence International. eCommerce shopping site is currently being accessed by 250,000 distributors throughout the world.
Managed migration of eCommerce shopping and Acumatica ERP applications from on premise enterprise to Microsoft Azure public Cloud environment.
Managed configuration and implementation of Disaster Recovery, Business Continuity for the eCommerce SQL Server database on Microsoft Azure Cloud environment.
Managed an enterprise wide SAP S4 / HANA ERP, MRP & WMS implementation project in a private Cloud with a budget of $20MM for hardware and software implementation projects. Managed a team of six project managers, business analysts and report writers for the IT organization.
Managed implementation of ServiceNow and Integration of ServiceNow with JIRA, Confluence and BitBucket (Cloud based).
Established a Project Management Office (PMO) by developing and implementing processes, standard operating procedures (SOP) and gate processes for software development, test, and implementation.
Managed global configuration and implementation of Verizon VCC, UCC and call center software and hardware for the SeneGence call centers in 3 countries.
Utilized JIRA, Confluence, BitBucket, Blue Jeans, and ServiceNow issue tracking and issue management in Agile SCRUM development methodologies.
Managed development of Enterprise Reports for the C-Level executive team using PowerBI and Tableau. Collected requirements for executive reports and held meeting with the executive team and demonstrated functionality of the developed reports.
Managed network integration of a new 130,000 SQFT warehouse and factory into the SeneGence International’ network.
Managed development and translation of Spanish & French-Canadian websites for SeneGence International.
Managed implementation of low voltage network in the 130,000 SQFT manufacturing and distribution floor in Foothill Ranch California.
Coached and mentored multiple development and QA teams in migration from Waterfall to Agile SCRUM and Agile KanBan methodologies.
Tools: JIRA, Confluence, BitBucket, ServiceNow, Salesforce.com, Tableau, PowerBi, SAP S4 HANA, Acumatica, Verizon VCC, UCC

Molina Healthcare – Long Beach, CA (Contract) 10/2015 – 1/2017
Sr. Project Manager, SCRUM Master
Managed successful delivery for two (Agile SCRUM) mobile application development projects with budgets of $2.6 million plus on Amazon AWS Cloud. Delivered fast and reliable mobile applications on iOS and Android platforms. The goal of these projects was to educate members in use of emergency rooms and reduce emergency visits resulting in $18M Savings.
Responsible for Program management, Customer engagement, Development and QA team management.
Managed and led a team of 50+ outsourced developers, QA, business analysts, & UI / UX designer in development and delivery of specialized in Swift, & Java (Rest based API’s) mobile applications. Deployed the applications nationwide.
Managed corporate wide integration of Salesforce.com, Office 365 (O365), ServiceNow and Box with SkyHigh application in a Cloud Security implementation project.
Managed a corporate wide implementation of Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS) project for Molina Healthcare IT Security and Bill Pay departments.
Managed the project to secure all privileges accounts throughout the corporation using PAM application.
Managed implementation of Red Seal and Cisco ISE applications for intrusion detection and network monitoring for IT security organization.
Coached and mentored multiple development and QA teams in migration from Waterfall to Agile SCRUM and Agile KanBan methodologies.
Oversaw the scope of the project and development of deliverables. Owned delivery of requirements and technical design documents. Collaborated with Security, Legal and Compliance ensuring proper project governance and controls.
Oversaw day-to-day tracking of project issues, risks, dependencies, and next steps. Worked with engineering, design, and QA teams to ensure quality and timeliness of all deliverables.
Managed system integration testing (SIT) and user acceptance testing (UAT) along with key stakeholders.

EMC Cloud Services (ECS) – Laguna Niguel, CA (Contract) 5/2015 – 10/2015
SCRUM Master, Sr. Project Manager
Managed five teams of onshore – offshore developer and QA analysts in full-lifecycle Agile SCRUM and KANBAN Cloud software design, Development and deployment projects.
Utilized JIRA, Confluence, ProjectManager.com, ServiceNow, Harvest and SLACK applications for planning, configuration, testing, communication and tracking of projects and programs.
Managed Cloud Automation projects (Python, Linux, Apache, Kafka, Containers, TeamCity) for development, configuration, testing, deployment and testing of custom Web application for Cloud Services.
Managed automation of the production deployment for applications in Pre-Production and Production environments for EMC Cloud Services organization.
Administered Harvest, ProjectManager.com and JIRA applications for EMC Cloud Services.

Technossus LLC - Irvine, CA (Consulting) 3/2014- 1/2015
Program Manager - Sr. Project Manager - SCRUM Master
Led teams of onshore -offshore developers and QA analysts in full lifecycle Agile and Scrum software design and development projects for Healthcare corporations. Utilized Microsoft Team Foundation Server (TFS) to track status and project financial reporting. Held weekly and Ad-Hoc project status meetings with project sponsors, reported project status and financial updates.
Managed LIS (Lab Information System) (.NET, MVC, C#, SQL) custom Web application development, web hosting, virtualization, server configuration projects for Healthcare corporations. Managed the custom development and deployment of the LIS application for Cancer Research Labs in California and Texas from start to finish. Developed Business Requirements Document (BRD) and Functional Requirements Document (FRD) for the LIS application. Worked closely with the business executives and lab managers and defined future product requirements and roadmaps. Integrated the developed customer product roadmap into the LIS software development roadmap. Coordinated closely with the lab managers for systematic product deployment at each site.
Managed all phases of a Microsoft AZURE Cloud based Mobile application development project using Xamarin for iPhone (iOS) and Android for a major Healthcare Aggregator corporation. Project duration was six months. Mobile application enabled employees of a company to view their health, dental, and vision benefits, list of physicians, dependents and type of coverage and insurance deductibles. Worked closely with the client companies and coordinated production deployment activities for each client corporation.
Successfully managed onshore – offshore software development projects including Mobile development using Xamarin (.NET, MVC, C#, SQL Server, Web Services) and integration with Microsoft AZURE for Cloud based and hosted implementations for Incentive Social Networking application. The Mobile application integrated Microsoft SharePoint and CRM and provided a seamless environment for mobile user access.

First American Title Corporation – Santa Ana, CA 10/2012 – 12/2013
Sr. Project Manager - SCRUM Master
Held business planning sessions and developed long and short-term strategic IT roadmaps (2-5 years) for integration of Oracle MDM and IT applications for the IT organization. Presented the roadmap to the IT and business executive teams.
Accomplishments:
Led a team of 40 developers, DBA’s and QA engineers, including 13 Cognizant consultants in management of a $5.6M, cross functional Cloud Based Oracle MDM custom software development (Java, Oracle), configuration and deployment program in three corporate divisions resulting in $7.2M cost savings the first year.
Managed multiple SQL Server Data Warehouse Re-Architecture and Enterprise Reporting projects with a budget of $2.5M for the Data Warehouse and Enterprise Reporting organization, resulting in $1.6M cost savings the first year.

Autonomy Consulting Services (Consulting) 6/2010 – 10/2012
BMC Software Consulting Services – Laguna Niguel CA
Senior Project Manager, Agile SCRUM Master
Managed a team of 12 software and QA engineers. Projects involved deployment of hardware infrastructure and network support for the deployment of the Autonomy cloud software.
Accomplishments:
Built and executed detailed project timelines for the entire programs. Scheduled and held weekly project status review meetings with the Walmart and US Army Project management teams. Reviewed the accomplishments, tasks in progress, Risks, Issues, Action Items and Change Requests.
Delivered $4 Million dollars consulting services projects for Autonomy consulting services. Proactively managed changes in project scope, identified potential risks and issues, and devised contingency plans.
Led the development and deployment of a private Cloud, application development and deployment program and supply chain management for Walmart Corporation in Mexico, Chile, Venezuela, Colombia and Brazil.
Managed a global software implementation project for U.S. Army at 81 locations throughout the World.

Systems Technology Associates (STA) Consulting Services – Tustin CA (Consulting) 11/2007 – 6/2010
PMO, Program Manager
Program managed delivery and successful implementation of $37 Million dollars of consulting services projects including Infrastructure, HP server and storage, SAN (EMC & HP), SQL Server & Oracle database, Oracle eBS ERP, Virtualization and Disaster Recovery and Business Continuity implementations.
Accomplishments:
Established Project Management Office (PMO) for the systems integration, Microsoft Practice and consulting organizations. Managed the PMO for over two and half years, directed two project managers and six engineering consultants. Established gate processes for engagement pricing, planning, execution and reporting for the Infrastructure, Microsoft, Disaster Recovery, Business Continuity (DR-BC), Virtualization, Salesforce and CRM practices.
Led the successful enterprise wide deployment of a $1.2M Oracle eBusiness (Oracle eBS) (ERP) for sales, marketing and operations organizations at Network Hardware Resale Corporation in Santa Barbara California. Managed activities for teams of 18 developers, DBA’s and Infrastructure consultants for over six months.
Managed Datacenter consolidation and Application Migration projects for State of California and Credit Union mergers and acquisitions.

Toyota Motor Sales – Torrance CA (Contract) 2/2007 – 11/2007
Principal Project Manager
Managed two application development projects for integration of XM Radio, Global Positioning, On-Star II Systems and Audio / Video entertainment for the Lexus, Toyota and Scion vehicles. These projects involved development and production deployment of applications, SAN storage and middleware technologies. Coordinated activities of software development, infrastructure, design & engineering, manufacturing, information security and business stakeholders.

TECHNICAL SKILLS
Operating Systems: Windows 10, (.NET), Linux (Red Hat), Sun Solaris, HP UX, IBM AIX, HP, Mobile, iOS, Android
Hardware: Apple, Samsung, HP Servers, IBM PC, EMC Symmetrix, CLARiiON, Brocade switches, Storage (EMC SAN, HP SAN), NAS, Cisco Routers, Cisco Switches.
Software: VB, “C”, Visual C++, C#, .NET, HTML, Java, JavaScript, ASP, VBScript, XML, J2EE, XML, N-tier,, SOA, MQ, Software Development, web services, SaaS, Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS), iPhone, Android, Tableau, Xamarin, Platform as a Service (PaaS), ANSI, ISO 9000, ASQ Q9000,
Applications: Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Visio, Outlook), Office 365 (O365), TFS 2015, Clarity, Lotus Notes, Microsoft Project 2015, Project Server 2015, SharePoint 2016, Primavera, CRM, ERP, Oracle eBusiness, MDM (Master Data Management), SFDC, Tivoli, Citrix Server, Symantec Enterprise Firewall, SAP S4 / HANA, PowerBI, BlueJeans, BMC Remedy Implementation, ITSM, ITBM, CMDB, PeopleSoft, Oracle eBS, Oracle MDM, Oracle NetSuite, Cloud Services, Internet Explorer, Business Objects, WorkSite, FileSite, iManage Records Manager (IRM), Control Point (CP), IUS, IDOL, Change Management (CM), incident management (IM), service request (SRM), Issues Management (ISM), and Service Desk Management (SDM), Data Warehouse, Incentive Social Networking, ServiceNow, Salesforce.com, Acumatica, SmartSheet, PlanView.
Protocols: TCP/IP, ODBC, ESB (Enterprise Service Bus), OSB (Oracle Service Bus), Voice Over IP (VOIP)
Databases: SQL Server 2016, Oracle 10g, 11I, 12c, SQL Appliances.
Contact this candidate