Amr Mahmoud Reda El Demrdash
Contact: *** 011******** ~E-Mail: adft5z@r.postjobfree.com
~In quest of senior level assignments in Compliance, preferably in Banking / Financial Sector with reputed organization~

Profile Outline
A vibrant professional with almost 13 years of experience in:
AML/CFT
Economic Trade Sanctions
Compliance Management Reporting
Analytical and Financial Research
Banking Acquisition and merger
FATCA & CRS rules and regulations
Provide Compliance training and enhance Organizational Compliance Culture
Team handling

Completed Bachelor of Commerce Department (Accounting) from Zagazig University, Egypt in 2004
Gained exposure in banking merger while working as a focal point with QCB and contributing in merger procedures of International Bank of Qatar and Barwa bank .
Adept at domestic & International rules & regulations of combating Money Laundering & Terrorism Financing
Proficiency in handling the accounting systems as per the set rules & regulations laid down by various governing bodies
Deft at reviewing efficacy of internal controls, identifying gaps, preparing prudent & pragmatic solutions for remediation
Adroit at preparing audit reports, confidential & compliance reportswithin quality norms
A keen analyst with exceptional relationship management skills and liaising with banks & financial institutions
Conversant with MS Office and Internet Applications
Achieved acquaintance about prevalent economic / financial reforms in financial market with excellent team-building, communication, relationship management and analytical skills

Skill Set
Business Risk Management: Analysing risk associated with International and local sanctions with business relations, credit transactions. Managing risks by suggesting modifications to policy / process parameters to give fine policy decisions taken by line are within the risk appetite.

Compliance Awareness and Training: Ensure effective and comprehensive understanding of the AML/CTF principles and procedures by providing internal training sessions and support to staff on their enquiries also acting as the point of contact for all staff in order to clarify ambiguity or new applied AML/CTF instructions or regulations.

System Management: Coordinate with system vendors through IT dept regarding any upgrade to Ensure effective and proper utilization of the system introduced for Economic Sanctions and AML/CFT by the concerned area.

Policy and Procedures: Evaluate the appropriateness of internal procedures directives, and instructions, detect any weakness in policies, and procedure and draft proposals for solutions.

Career Contour
From 30/06/2013 to 20/07/2020 Barwa Bank, Doha,Qatar as : Regulatory Manager, formerly associated with International Bank of Qatar as Compliance Manager before merger took place on November 2019 .

Accountabilities:
Efficiently reporting to the Group Chief Compliance Officer.
Supervising entire regulatory compliance and assisting Group Chief Compliance in all matters related to regulatory issues .
Offering AML / CFT allied services to avoid risk of legal /regulatory sanctions, financial & reputation loss
Guarantying practical discovery & reviewing of compliance risks including Credit Bureau matters, Credit Management violations and ratios reporting the FATCA & CRS customers to the competent authorities.
Repot the Annual FATCA and CRS reports and and ensure the full reporting mechanism is operated perfectly, starting from well mapping potential customers in core banking system, generating daily reports till annual reporting submission.
Managing all inward and outward correspondences with QCB and ensure responding to all inquiries raised by QCB.
Implement all new regulations issued by Qatar Central bank and apply them though all bank departments, and review the mechanism of implementation.
Carrying out planning, implementation & evaluating feedback toreward recognition tasks of non Compliance, and initiate follow up mechanism to best adoption of QCB, Ministry of Finance instructions .

Jun’ 10-May’ 13 National Bank of Abu Dhabi, UAE “Sanctions Compliance advisor”

Accountabilities:
Maintained effective relation with senior compliance manager for better completing of sanctions compliance .
Directed innovative sanctions to convey in training practices.
Performed investigations with internal & abroad branches (MENA & Europe) for improved realization of set policies.
Vigorously made sure to:
Acquiring last guidelines for freezing orders lifting by distant Central banks to several branches.
Least standards for Sanctions Compliance programs are retrained with in accordance with NBDA group .
ensure applying UN / EU/ US sanctions command to accomplish thematic sanctions reviews along with OFAC cases and inquiries by banning, treasury & trade finance.
Gave schemes, reports & statistics for upgrading sanction systems,screen domestic & international payments
Request and Compile regular transaction exception and reporting that payment processing timeframes are met.
Arranged weekly Black List Report of black list & monthly KBI reports for obedience to the top management.
Concise, accurate and relevant sanctions compliance reports are prepared for submission to higher management.
Took part in group meetings that sanctions compliance for best follow up are circulated all through bank.

Nov’ 07- Jun’ 10 Abu Dhabi Islamic Bank, UAE “Compliance Assistant”

Accountabilities:
Productively participated in:
o Risk assessment areas and settle down the same.
o Inspection & examination of regular compliance reports, account opening procedures of the (FPEPs) accounts, charitable societies, minors & financial institutions to ensure compliance and fulfill Central Bank necessitates.
o KYC standards through recently opened accounts.
o Reorganization with ESCA rules & regulations.
o Mistrustful cases to identify & solve rising risk according to OFAC measurements & 40 FATF reference.
o Compliance estimation to various operation unites & retail banking for Letter of Credit through credit study and local & international payments methods.
o Establishment of exceptional reports to grant detailed risk approach, diminish legal & reputation risk.
o Crafting internal system to process all outgoing telex transfers, letters of credit & collection cheques.

o Employing AML Automation system named Amlock to identify suspicious transaction in order to be investigated .

Aug’ 06-Nov’ 07 Abu Dhabi Islamic Bank, UAE Islamic Finance Executive

Accountabilities:
Employed for constant selling multi financial products named Al Khair Finance product to help individuals in settle down outstanding liabilities with conventional banks
Practiced in short time as Coordination between the Sales Unit, other Operation Departments and Retail Banking

Certification / Memberships
Received certification in:
o CAMS- Certified Anti Money Laundering Specialist
o International Compliance Officer Certificate, CCL Academy in Jul’ 12
o Member of Association of Certified Financial Crime Specialist ACFCS & prepare for CFCS Certificate
o Member of International Association of Certified Risk and Compliance Professional IARCP

Academia
Bachelor of Commerce Department (Accounting) from Zagazig University, Egypt in 2004

Courses Undergone
CFT training program by Financial Integrity Network (pass with merit) Jan 2020.
Business Continuity, IBQ Qatar in Feb’ 14
Information Security Awareness, IBQ Qatar in Sep’ 13
Basel Workshop Best Practices, NBAD Academy in Jul’ 12
Certificate of Achievement, NBAD Academy in Apr’ 12
FATCA –Measurements Requirements, NBAD Academy in Oct’ 10
Professional Business Writing, ADIB Training Center in Jan’ 09
Fundamentals of Islamic Banking, ADIB Training Centre in Aug’ 08
Financial statement Analyst, Emirates Financial Institution in Mar’ 08
Anti-Money Laundering Program, ADIB Training Centre in Jan’ 08


Personal Dossier
Date of Birth: 9th November, 1981 “Egyptian”
Address: New Cairo, Egypt.
Linguistic Abilities: English
Marital Status: Married
Contact this candidate