Figge Falk
/in/figgefalk adfvaq@r.postjobfree.com
Tullinge, Sweden +46-721-******

Executive Profile: Senior IT Manager/Director
Digital Transformation – Bootstrapping Teams – Global IT Management – Information Security
Emotionally intelligent driver of change and leader of people known for advising top executives and creating top-performing, business outcome-driven information technology organizations. Builds collaborative relationships by empowering teams to deliver the unexpected. Inspires technology transformation by introducing technical solutions and designing strategic roadmaps to nurture, motivate, and develop top talent. Promotes authentic leadership and candid communication.
Areas of Focus
IT Operations Analysis
Project/Program Management
Strategic Planning & Analysis
Team Development & Culture
3rd-Party System Administrators
Scaling Processes/Automation
Problem Solving & Management
Cross-Team Collaboration
Building New IT Teams
Business Transformation
Customer Experience
Global Employee Management
Professional Experience
Head of Service IT, RaySearch Laboratories, Stockholm, Sweden 05/2020 to present
RaySearch is advancing cancer treatment through pioneering software and world leader in software for radiation therapy. The company is listed on Nasdaq Stockholm Stock Exchange. The company employs app. 400 worldwide.
Service IT Manager EU, APAC
Ensured all installations of RaySearch products are conducted in accordance with current practice to achieve the best possible experience for software operation – all to ensure the highest patient safety.
Manage an international IT team located in EU & APAC and collaboration with team in US.
Improved installation effectiveness by modernizing infrastructure and implementation of standards.
Expanded international cooperation by information and sharing accountability. Resulted in motivated teams.
Team size: 11 employees
Director Group IT, NKT, Cologne, Germany 06/2018 to 12/2019
NKT is an industrial company within power cables and wires as well as optical components, lasers and crystal fibres. The company is listed on Nasdaq Copenhagen Stock Exchange since 1898. The company employs app. 4500 worldwide with production facilities in 10 European countries.
Global Head of Infrastructure and IT Services Management, CISO Denmark, Germany, Czech Republic, Sweden
Recruited to improve and modernize entire IT operation.
Launched security awareness training to 3.5K employees, ensured IT services met CIS/CSC top 20.
Championed LEAN and ITIL thinking and activities, including introduction of daily stand-up and CAB meetings to build morale, built cross-border cooperation and information sharing culture.
Performed CIS top 20 analysis, including penetration test, result used to enhance security, resulting in 20% improved security according to CIC top 20 measurement.
Led cloudification and harmonizing of infrastructure within the data centers across Cologne, DE and Karlskrona, SE.
Delivered higher and more secure services to lower cost market.
Aligned digitalization of services and information strategy to work for a smarter and automated environment.
Raised security awareness by introducing modern security standards, introduced new, dedicated resources to run regular patches and included security updates on the CFO’s agenda.
Team size: 17 employees including 3 sub managers.


ATOS, Denmark, Finland, Sweden 00/2010 to 05/2018
Atos is a global leader in digital transformation and IT Partner with 110000 employees in 73 countries and annual revenue of € 12 billion.
Nordic Head of Customer Operation, 00/2017 to 05/2018
Built new delivery organization with focus on digitalization, cloud services, digital workplace and SAP Hana.
Automated services and offshore workload, resulting in lower costs while maintaining high quality.
Implemented LEAN 2nd wave, held P&L of 25 M€.
Secured support from specialists across Nordic countries to create organization of server operation, application hosting, network, DC and service desk, all designed to share workload and knowledge.
Oversaw operations for tooling, project management, and service management, team of 80+ with four direct report managers.
Led automation initiatives and offshoring workloads to lower cost and maintain high quality.
Head of Operation, Sweden, 00/2015 to 00/2017
Oversaw multiple cross-functional teams within network, cloud, data center and server operation, created new Business Enterprise unit to help expand digital footprint and reach, team size of 25 direct reports, held annual P&L of 12 M€.
Spearheaded strategy based on growing profitability and quality with strong cooperation with offshore countries.
Implemented LEAN methodologies, consolidated three data centers to two, promoted employee into global assignment
Led finical turnaround resulting in customer growth and increased market presence.
Developed, implemented, and maintained new services to grow company portfolio, supported sales organization and right-sized and launched presales and architect teams.
Partnered with key accounts to improve business, increase sales, and enhance customer experience.
Head of Cloud Services Nordic, Denmark, Finland, Sweden, 00/2013 to 00/2015
Launched new unit with focus on strengthening Atos cloud position in the Nordics region.
Developed and promoted two employees for global assignment
Implemented workload and information sharing across the Nordics, procured, modernized, and standardized infrastructure.
Developed cross country specialists within the cloud arena and standardized platforms and processes to drive efficiency.
Focused on standardization of platforms, specialized resources, operation and operations based on high quality with low cost to bring customers into cloud for IaaS, PaaS and SaaS services.
Led team of 20, managed business and customer bids to expand market reach.
Head of Storage & Backup, Denmark, Finland, Italy, Sweden, Switzerland, 2013
Functioning in parallel with role as head of ICS Sweden, assumed new role within the Storage and Backup area, primary focus on synergies, including re-use of knowledge and resources, streamlined and harmonize infrastructure, and services.
Head of Infrastructure & Cloud Solutions, IT Solutions & Services AB, Stockholm, 00/2010 to 00/2013
Recruited into new IT group to manage external customers outside Siemens AB, primarily large and middle-sized companies, with some in public administration.
Managed service pack of more than 800 servers, up to the IBM-iSeries with over 14K connected clients.
Delivered “on demand” services, offshoring, and traditional outsourcing, global operations, outsourced staff.
Directed 50 employees, including two managers, with revenue and cost budget control over business unit.


Prior Professional Experience
SIEMENS AB, Stockholm (2002 to 2010)
Desktop & Server Manager, AB IT Solutions & Services, 2006 to 2010 CIO Back Office Manager Scandinavia, 2004 to 2006 IT manager, Business Area, 2004 to 2006 IT Infrastructure Manager, 2002 to 2004
LANDIS & STAEFA AB, Stockholm (1989 to 2002)
Operation Manager, 1999 to 2002 Network Administrator, 1997 to 1999 PC & Network Administrator, 1994 to 1997
System Operator IBM AS/400, 1989 to 1994
Training
COURSEWORK: Information Technology, IT, ITIL, LEAN, GDPR, Management Training, Project Management, Personal Development, Coaching, Salary Discussion, Budgeting, Conflict Management, Difficult Conversations, Work Environment Management, Labor Law, SOX, ISO 9000, 27001
EDUCATION:
Computer Science, Linneskolan, Hässleholm
Business & Economics, Upper Secondary School Linnéskolan – Hässleholm

LANGUAGES: English (Fluent) Swedish (Fluent) Danish (Intermediate)
Contact this candidate