Yashpal Parmar

*** ****** * ***********: Indian ) 989-***-****
Sarita Vihar DOB: JUNE 01, 1988 adfzwa@r.postjobfree.com
New Delhi adfzwa@r.postjobfree.com
110076

Personal Profile

Aspirations
A passion IT infrastructure, network and security domain
To understand and experience IT the best in line with the business

Strong Interpersonal and Team spirit
The ability to interact effectively with diverse individuals
A team player with the ability to perform as both leader and listener
An eye for detail, opportunities and a desire to succeed

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Oct 2018– Till Date
Company : Sterlite Power Transmission Ltd
Designation : Manager (IT Infrastructure & Security)
Work Place : New Delhi.

Company Profile: Sterlite Power is a leading integrated power transmission developer and solutions provider globally, focused on addressing complex challenges in the sector by tackling the key constraints of time, space and capital.

Work Experience

Design & implement IT infrastructure, network at various upcoming projects and Manufacturing units.
Manage Infrastructure operations like, Servers, Network, and EUS support.
Leading MSI business digitization project for Power transmission business.
Identify various process gap in SAP and arrange to close these gaps with each module owners.
Various projects in AI/ML for manufacturing units, Identify and implement web proxy for the group.
POC for SDWAN implementation with various partners like Cisco, Sify and Dimension data.
Implemented centralized monitoring tools to monitor network and server devices and regular update definitions of AV, Windows patch for all the endpoints.
Identify and implement information security initiatives – DLP, SIEM, Information life cycle management
Conduct periodic penetration testing and security audits, establishes risk assessment criteria and methodology.
Centralized dashboard for all IT devices health monitoring and replace EOL/EOS devices.
Work with business OT (Operation Technology) team to secure OT Devices, networks and information.
Identify best web proxy for the group and Implementation.
Conduct and oversee monitoring and auditing of compliance with regulatory and internal standards.
Proactively identify information security risks in IT enabled business operations and implement security guidelines and protocols in line with corporate security policies
Create new polices for IT/OT security & revision of existing IT polices and submit for further review.
Investigate policy violations, security breaches by collaborating with organizational legal and other functions and report to management & Plan for storage for critical data i.e. SAP and DR of the same.
Maintain risk register – Identify, assess, create mitigation plant and update status.
Mail and Messaging migration to Office 365 and POC’s for various cloud initiatives.
Own business IT asset register – Hardware, Software licenses and its compliances.
Responsible for internal and external audits to improve audit scores significantly.
Monitor IT operations and ensure adherence to agreed SLA, strong fortnight review with ITO partners.
Prepare & Maintain IT Budget Vs actual, focus on cost optimization.
July 2016 – Sep 2018

Company : Adani Green Energy Ltd, Ahmedabad
Designation : Assistant Manager (IT)
Work Place : - Ahmedabad.

Company Profile: The Adani Group is one of India's leading business houses with revenue of about $9.4 billion for FY 2014-15. Since 1988, Adani has grown to become a global integrated infrastructure player in key industry verticals - resources, logistics and energy.

Work Experience

To complete the IT infrastructure & OT Security projects for renewables with best of breed technologies & within indicated timeframe within approved budget.
Managing & supporting of IT facilities like, Endpoints, Servers, network, Video conferencing & Voice Communication (MPLS, ILL, PRI connectivity, Mobile, Telephone, FWP, VoIP).
Implement various projects in Cloud and VMware Environment.
Implementation of Service now ticketing tool and ensure maximum user adoption.
Handle operations related to ERP system i.e. SAP and enterprise portal.
Implemented project NGN- Next generation network for upgrade existing IT network to next generation network across all businesses of the group.
Project clean slate for ensuring compliance of all endpoints, Servers and network devices.
Identify and implement information security initiatives – DLP, SIEM, Information life cycle management
Centralized NMS for network monitoring to capture applications wise utilization reports.
Ensure continues live generation scada data in a secure way to government for initiatives like RONC.
Centralized historian server of all the IT- OT devices for deep analysis and various dashboards.
Centralized monitoring system for active devices AV and windows patch management.
Implementation of service now for ticketing tool with 100% user adoption.
work with OT and plant team to implement various cyber security initiatives for IT-OT integrations.
Analysis of data & Identification of actions for continual improvement of audits scores and IMS Performance.
Ensure operations with no escalations and analysis of service request raised by users.
Prepare the IT budget based on the business need & requirement, analysis of the requirement, justifications of the selected products and maintain budget Vs actual reports and review it.
Manage IT Infrastructure team and responsible for IT infrastructure 24/7 availability.
Liaison & Coordinate with vendors for IT procurement and operations, regular review with ITO partners
Significant cost optimized by various initiative like removing servers from all sites.
February 2013– June 2016

Company : Torrent Power Limited, Ahmadabad
Designation : Executive, IT
Work Place : - Corporate House, Ahmadabad.

Company Profile: Torrent Power Limited is one of the best Power Utility, in Gujarat State. TPL has own generation of 500MW, Transmission & Distribution Network in Ahmadabad, Surat, Bhiwandi and already planned to establish the distribution network in Agra and Kanpur also.

Work Experience

To assist in managing & supporting of the company IT network, voice and data communication (Mobile, Telephone, FWP, VoIP, PLCC, Video Conferencing).
Engage various stakeholders for SAP process strengthening & automize maximum processes.
Was key person in implementing command and control center to monitor all the substations.
Design & implement secure communication for various IT- OT devices.
Establishing various OFC backbone network, data communication in line with OT & EHV project teams.
Maintain Fiber Network, Voice Network (EPABX system & Mobile Communication) with minimal down time & utmost user satisfaction. (OTDR Testing and Fiber Fault clearance)
Analysis of data & Identification of actions for continual improvement of IMS Performance.
Prepare incident report and get it approved from all authorities with mitigation plant.
Successfully design and implement IT infrastructure & network in new corporate office.
Preparation of IT Process Manual /SOPs and submit for review.
Review and audit all the Communication related reports viz. Communication Network management report, Voice- Data call register, MPLS outage report, Fiber Outage report etc.
Liaison & Coordinate with vendors for Data & Voice communication system.
Prepare daily plan for the engineer/technician, ensure to implement the same.
Coordinating & Controlling activities / Task carried out by engineer and technician.
Analysis of data & Identification of actions for continual improvement of IMS Performance.
Prepare incident report and get it approved from all authorities with mitigation plant.
Prepare list of old assets and arrange for E-Waste.
Liaison & Coordinate with AMC to arrange permission (ROW) for OFC cable laying and fault restoration and preparation of AMC Report.
Hands-on experience on Cisco, Alcatel lucent and juniper network devices and FortiGate firewall.
June 2012 to Feb 2013

Company : Gujarat Telelink Pvt. Ltd., Ahmadabad
Designation : Assist. Manager. (Digital Head End Noc.),
Work Place : - GTPL NOC Ahmadabad,

Company Profile :
GTPL Is young and fastest growing organization, mainly engaged in broadcasting TV channels through cable TV, Broadband and media activities like News channel, Bhakti channel, Movie channel activities. GTPL Is having a string presence in Gujarat, Rajasthan, Maharastra, West Bengal, Andhra Pradesh, Madhya Pradesh, Bihar, Assam, Goa and Jharkhand.

Work Experience

Installation of digital Head-End of all saurashtra zone
Installation of UPS systems of control rooms.
Calculate capacity constrain in the STM1/STM4/STM16/STM64 rings and according that plan out ring up gradation /separation/splitting for future perspective (Capacity planning).
Ensure installations of IT systems at all project locations.
Prepare daily checklist and report and submit to HO.
Nov 2009 to June 2012

Company : HCL Infosystems Ltd.
Designation : Zonal Leader
Work Place : - Dist. Treasury Office Junagadh.

Company Profile :
HCL Infos stems Ltd. Is India’s Premier Distribution and IT Services and Solutions Company. HCL Infos stems’ has one of the largest sales & distribution network in the country and provides value added distribution for partners including last mile connect and support in marketing and promotions for Telecom, IT, Office Automation and Consumer Electronics products covering more than 15000 towns across 664 districts in India. Our distribution business has an unparalleled network that reaches more than 100,000 retail outlets, over 800 Direct and Micro Distributors and over 12400 Channel Partners across India.

Work Experience

Ensure successful implementation of digitization for projects for various Gujarat governments like Finance, Home department, information & communications departments.
Establishing connectivity at all government offices like TO, LF, SP of District and taluka places.
Installation of Network devices, Servers and video conferencing devices at all district headquarters.
Manage all IT operations like Network, Infrastructure and software for the end user.
Integrated all TO, LF and taluka places GSWAN connectivity.
Installation and configuration of Cisco L2, L3 network switches and routers.
Manage team of 7 district from Saurashtra zone.
Create preventive maintenance for all offices and ensure to execute according to plan.
Coordination with BSNL for connectivity feasibility and establishing the connectivity if feasible.
Coordinate with UPS vendor for installation of new purchased ups and fault restoration if any
Checking reliability of line and making site up for necessary access to user.
Monitoring the network and specifically L3 switches behavior if any abnormal thing is happened.
ACADEMIC PROFILE

Course
College [University]
Year of Passing
Percentage%
B.E.(E.C.)
Govt. Engineering College, Gujarat
May-09
67
12th Standard
Kishore Academy High School, Gujarat
Apr-05
64
10th Standard
D. D. Ladani High School, Gujarat
Apr-03
60

ACHIEVEMENTS, TRAINING & CONTRIBUTIONS

Have ability to understand business first and cost optimization.
Good knowledge IT-OT network and security design and implementations.
Active to be part in organisational events and CSR activities.

Declaration
I hereby declare that the above-mentioned information is true to the best of my knowledge.
YASHPAL PARMAR
Place: New Delhi
Contact this candidate