Randall Schmalzried
Raleigh, NC ***** 810-***-****
adg0bk@r.postjobfree.com www.linkedin.com/in/randyschmalzried

Information Technology Data Analyst
Keep Service Level Agreements, Workloads & Security Compliance Requirements Balanced

Comprehensive background supporting technology to deliver quality products to customers. Build relationships and deliver clear and timely communication status on project work, incident problem and change, risk to computing environment, audits and security compliance while supporting technology and delivering secure and compliant systems. Communicate confidence and calm during critical situations, allowing administrators time and space to properly work the issues.
Asset Management Team Leadership Capacity Planning Process Development Data Analysis
Customer Relationship Vendor Management Client Service Delivery Root Cause Analysis
Project Management Compliance Management Incident, Problem, Availability & RCA Management
IBM Cloud Windows Servers Windows Desktop Hardware/Firmware VMware Mac

Professional Experience

IBM, Raleigh, NC 2010 - 2020
Service Delivery Manager, Security and Compliance 2016 - 2020
Account Leadership Team in support of computing environments for eCommerce and store service support. Platforms include Windows, Linux, AIX, Unix, Oracle, VMware, MQ and IBM Mainframe. Manage audits for quality submissions and responses to data requests and live testing, seeing issues to resolution. Supported third-party, client and internal audit processes for FFIEC, SSAE16 and PCI.
Created monthly spend and billing and SLA reports and presented to contract Senior Project Executive and Senior Deliver Project Executive.
oCreated monthly information for service level agreements in Excel and PowerPoint with incident ticket details, backup and recovery agreements, SAN uptime and change control.
oMaintained official inventory and billing files for all devices, SAN and backup data usage, special project billing related to builds and removal of devices and IBM Cloud billing files to IBM Executives (Senior Project Executive and Senior Delivery Project Executive).
Served as Critical Situation Manager to bring correct teams into incident calls and keep clients updated with progress. Resolved issues with customers for issues with applications SA teams were not responding. Communicated with customer and worked with staff to engage the correct team.
Spearheaded Root Cause Analysis (RCA) from audit findings and tracked action plans for all audit findings, ensuring issue was fixed.
Conducted risk assessment activities and information security reviews, reducing number of risk letters 50% while ensuring account-maintained audit-ready risk documentation.
Team Lead, Unix, Windows and Backup Recovery 2013 - 2016
Led team of 20+ Unix, Windows and Backup Recovery System Administrators and Dispatchers. Distributed workloads to meet SLA and project requirements. Presented to customers, executive account team and management of Service Delivery Center. Performed selection and interviewing to hire new staff and vendors. Led team in ITIL adherence through resolution of issues, RCA, continual improvement, projects and steady state work.
Interfaced issue with email outage on Windows servers. Communicated via phone and chats to keep situation calm and assured client and account team of progress. Led and presented RCA and action plans were worked to prevent issue from causing an outage in the future.
Randall Schmalzried adg0bk@r.postjobfree.com Page Two

IBM (Continued)
Headed project to update firmware on Windows and Unix servers to correctly match with current SAN firmware. Project was restricted due to resource constraints and obtaining approved change windows. Project was in the works for 2 years prior to taking over and completed in 6 months.
Started as team lead with over 80 aged severity 2 tickets opened and not worked. Represented daily / weekly status to customer and account team and spearheaded work on the tickets to resolution.
Regularly utilized ITIL processes including Incident Management, Problem Management, Change Management, Asset Management and Configuration Management.
Server System Administrator, Windows and VMware 2010 - 2013
Provided support for Intel-based servers running Microsoft Windows Servers, Active Directory, DNS, DFS, Clusters and VMWare ESXi hosts.
Led and performed successful Disaster Recovery exercises of the Windows / VMware environment on multiple accounts, proving to client and management customer systems would be recovered within a specific timeframe to full functionality.
Collaborated with customers to properly plan and implement changes in computing environment, ensuring change tickets clearly documented needed work, steps to complete, risk of impacting environment.
Built Windows and VMWare servers with clustering in conjunction with Project Managers and application teams, ensuring accurate timelines while following compliance build process through release to the customer.
Designed and implemented system technical security documentation in support of customer environments, providing proper security settings.

COMPUWARE, INC., Detroit, MI 2000 - 2009
Network Engineer (Technical Service Title)
Professional staff member assigned to various companies and projects. Managed Data Center Operations, Supervised, installed and supported international backup systems for 270 MS Windows and HP-Unix servers in 11 countries using NetBackup and Backup Exec using Veritas Backup Reporter for monitoring. Managed IBM servers used for development of NT/SQL server WEB application and IIS.
Implemented redundancy of Data Center redesign for data cabling, power and cooling systems that delivered improvements, resulting in cost savings realized by eliminating unscheduled downtime.
Built new corporate data center for cabinets, power and cooling. Managed migration of equipment from two data centers, installed in racks with data and power cabling systems.
Administered initial Disaster Recovery (LDRPS) and Program Version Control System (PVCS) for Business Continuity.
Led project migration of health care system from EOL OS to Microsoft Domain for all user logon ids and data at 20 hospital locations, allowing customer to remove EOL hardware and software while lowering risk and achieving cost savings by removing extended software support contracts.

Education & Training

Computer Science, Eastern Michigan University, Ypsilanti, MI

Professional Training

Microsoft Certified Professional (MCP) Windows Server
MS Windows Server Administration
HP-UX System and Network Administration
Administering MS Windows
Symantec NetBackup Enterprise
Compuware’s Vantage Monitoring Suite
VMWare ESXi
HP Openview
Advanced Microsoft Excel
IBM Agile
Contact this candidate