Raja S Eagalada
Phone: 480-***-****
Email: adg3u5@r.postjobfree.com
LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/rajaeagalada

Experience Summary:
Raja Eagalada has 17 years of IT experience in Testing and experience in working with 5 of the fortune 500 companies (Wal-Mart, Macy’s, American Express, Ameriprise Financials, and Erie Insurance)
Has 9 years of Retail and supply chain domain experience, 4 years of Financial domain experience, and 3 years in Life and P&C Insurance domain
Experience in establish/set up QMO, Test Practice Team, Testing Center of Excellence (TCoE) in Wal-Mart and Nationwide Building Society (Retail Bank) based on the industry best practices, tools, standards and testing governance, Test process, testing templates (Test Plan, Defect process etc), and testing approach to different kinds of testing such as functional, integration, Data, UAT, Mobile and Performance
Experience in handled Testing projects in Waterfall and Agile methodology.
Created and Implemented the Test Management Methodology to be followed across all testing efforts supported by QMO department to ensure all the managers and leads are following the same process and templates.
Experience in System Testing, Integration Testing, Systems Integration Test, Regression Testing, End-to-End Testing, Functional Testing, Smoke, User Acceptance Test, ETL Testing, Mobile and Automation Testing
Experience in recruitment, coaching, and training of new resources
Experience in mentoring resources towards career growth
Experience in managing project teams, business users, suppliers, Onshore-Offshore, multiple geo locations and time zones
Experience in setup automation strategy, frameworks and teams
Experience in handle Testing projects in Supply Chain, Finance, Insurance, Client Server, Web Applications, .NET, Java, ERP, Mainframes, MQ series, Database (Oracle SQL), Teradata, Extract Transform & Load (ETL), Unix, DB2
Led the teams to migrate and implement latest automation framework
Created and implemented test estimation models
Delivered in the roles of Test Lead, Program QA Lead, Test Consultant, Test Manager, Delivery Manager, and Defect Manager
Experience in conducting SWOT analysis

Core Skills & Expertise
Waterfall methodology
Agile Methodology
Test Management
Project Management
Quality Management
Defect Management
Test Planning
Test Design
Functional Testing
Test Data Management
Acceptance Criteria
Test Environments
Performance Engineering
Performance Testing
Regression Testing
Test Automation
Metrics & Status reports
Accessibility Testing
Requirements/User story Analysis
Business Analysis
Release Management
Change Management
Service Virtualization

Domain Expertise:
Finance: Insurance (Annuities), Credit Cards, Treasury and Retail Banking
Insurance: Property and Causality (P&C), Auto, and Boat
Retail: Inventor Management, Warehouse management, Price Management, POS, Supply Chain, Ecommerce, Order Management

Technical Expertise:

Platforms:
UNIX Windows
Databases:
Oracle Teradata VSAM
Languages:
COBOL C HTML VBScript PL/SQL Java Script .Net
ETL tools:
Informatica AB Initio DataStage
Tools & Applications
HPQC ALM UFT Toad Selenium ETL PVCS OPAL SharePoint Clarity IBM RPM Mercury Quality Centre (MQC) Microfocus AGM JIRA Kafka
Methodologies:
CMMI SDLC Six Sigma Agile Water Fall
ITSM:
Service Now
CI/CD:
PMS:
Policy Claims:
Jenkins
OneShield
Guidewire

Certifications:
CSTM: Certified Software Test Manager
CSM: Certified Scrum Master
Six Sigma: Green Belt
ITIL 4 Foundation
Education:
MCA (Master of Computer Applications), Osmania University, India
Bachelor of Science, Andhra University, India

Employment history:
June 2015 – Till Date: Humac Inc, USA
June 2014 – May 2015: Immidi Infotech, USA
June 2007 – May 2014: IBM India Pvt Ltd, India
June 2004 – June 2007: Synova Innovative Technologies Pvt Ltd, India
June 2002 – May 2004: Verisoft Technologies Pvt Ltd, India

Professional Experience:
March 2016 – Till Date, Sr Manager/QMO/QA Coach, Erie Insurance, Erie, PA
Project Name: Erie Secure Business (ESB)
Erie secure business is one of the most prestigious and multi millions project in Eire Insurance. This project was hosted on the AWS cloud and used Oneshield as policy administration as backend and front-end UI as Mendix. This project combines several individual products into one single product which gives better opportunity to Agents to offer multi product policy to the customer. This project includes, Commercial buildings, Commercial Auto and boat, Workers Compensation along with some other Commercial products. Guidewire is being used for Claims. This product development includes issuing a policy in OneShield to enter the claims and process the claims in Guidewire and billing in PeopleSoft.
Raja is responsible for
Led testing effort in the Project life cycle from Initiation to delivery and close out phases. Facilitated Design workshops, requirements session with the Business analysts, Design reviews with the System Architects and Application engineers to develop good working relationship and provide support by using applicable verification and validation techniques.
Create a master test plan to conduct end to end testing from Policy Administration (OneShield) to Claims (GuideWire) to Billing (PeopleSoft) to downstream systems.
Collaborated with QA Architects and Tech leads to develop effective Test Approach and Test strategies for delivering cutting edge Testing Solutions to achieve projects quality goals.
Managed budgets, forecasts and cost plans, Onsite-offshore resources, Test Automation, process streamlining and innovation resulting in reducing testing costs by more than 40% and improved Defect removal efficiency
Build relationship with the leadership in IT and business and provided the timely feedback to facilitate decision making.
Managed testing effort for Guidewire Claim Center implementation, ServiceNow, Billing and Technology upgrade projects.
Microfocus ALM (HP ALM) used as Test Management tool to create Test Cases, Traceability and report test execution results
Test Automation Scripts created in Selenium with Page Object Model (POM) using Page Factor (PF).
Test Data Management using Informatica.
In the capacity of the Sr Manager from Quality Management Office, Raja is also responsible for below
Create Strategic roadmaps for QMO activities for the current and following year
Responsible for planning, coordinating and managing end-to-end testing activities
Led quality checkpoint reviews, analyzes and reports quality/test trends.
Conduct SWOT (Strength, Weakness, Opportunity and Treat) analysis to identify the gaps and suggest the improvement areas by implementing an ADKAR Change Management Plan.
Create and execute Change Management Plans using Proscii’s Awareness, Desire, Knowledge, Ability, and Reinforcement (ADKAR) model.
Responsible to create and implement test strategies and test plans using ERIE framework
Identifies opportunities/gaps relative to test automation, performance test, test environments, and test data management.
Working closely with the Business and IT teams to establish quality check points and quality metrics to check the quality of the projects.
Working closely with the Engineering and Architects team and participate in the planning and, design review sessions
Documented lessons learned, and test summary report at the end of testing phase
Create and implement Metrics model to measure and report Quality and Productivity metrics across various teams and portfolios
Create and implement test estimation models for creating low level estimations based on functional point analysis and requirements decomposition
Ensure compliance to the ERIE enterprise test methodology by making sure the required testing is conducted through various testing phases from Unit Testing to Production validation
Created and implemented Risk Based testing as applicable to various programs and their schedules using techniques like Orthogonal Array and Pair-wise testing
Responsible to create and send weekly and monthly QA reports to VP’s, Directors and program managers
Experience in working software and hardware projects such as Office 365, SharePoint, Database upgrade, Server Upgrade, Clarity Upgrade, VPN, routers, network etc
Work closely with the Information security team and Application development team to identify the vulnerabilities
Led Automation team which migrates from UFT to Selenium
Led Risk and Compliance projects as part of the regulations and security.
Working Closely automation team to create a Page Object Model as a framework for automation
Experience in conducting POC on the latest automation and utility tools
Contributes the POC on DevOps initiative.
Policy Claims using Guidewire Tool and Policy Management System (PMS) using OneShield
ServiceNow implementation – Problem Management, Incident Management, Mis process Policies, Asset Management, Ad-hoc requests, Software request, HR Management Etc
Working along with Information Security team to ensure all portfolios follows the InfoSec guidelines
Service Virtualization implemented in the projects to decrease the cost and increase the quality and speed.

June 2015 – March 2016, Test Coordinator, First Niagara Financial Group, Buffalo, NY
Project name: Business Online Banking (Treasury Management)
FNFG is upgrading the treasury Management system for the current needs. FNFG migrating their Treasury Management system from ACI.
In the capacity of a Test Coordinator, Raja was responsible for the below
Managed and directed QA resources located multiple locations, time zones, working in both agile and waterfall models Participated in Requirements Review meetings with the Business and ensured requirements completeness and correctness
Create test strategy and test plans to document the testing activities, duration, risk, and resources
Mentored and Coached QA team leads, by regularly reviewing testing deliverables like Scenarios, test execution summary reports, and defect reports
Responsible to create and send monthly QA reports to stakeholders
Implement IBrowse and IAccess tools in the client environment to test browser compatibility and Accessibility of the UOB application.
Responsible Integration Testing, System Testing, Regression Testing, End to End testing and facilitated User Acceptance Testing
Responsible to conduct Defect Triage Meetings as a Defect Manager and tracked defects to closure
Create Requirements Traceability Verification Matrix to ensure complete test coverage
Facilitated defect risk negotiation with IT and business teams and ensured timely delivery with desired quality
Migration of existing data from ACI environment to FNFG environment.

April 2015 – May 2015, Test manager, Carter’s, Atlanta, GA
Project name: China and Canada Ecommerce
Carter's, Inc. is the largest branded marketer in the United States of apparel and related products exclusively for babies and young children. The Company owns the Carter's and OshKosh B'gosh brands, two of the most recognized brands in the marketplace. These brands are sold in leading department stores, national chains, and specialty retailers domestically and internationally. They are also sold through more than 800 Company-operated stores in the United States and Canada and on-line at www.carters.com and www.oshkosh.com. The Company's Just One You, Precious Firsts, and Genuine Kids brands are available at Target, and its Child of Mine brand is available at Walmart. Carter's is headquartered in Atlanta, Georgia.
The purpose of this project is to establish ecommerce presence and processes in place to launch and grow the online business in China and Canada.
In the capacity of a Test Manager, Raja is responsible for the below

Facilitated Requirements Review meetings with the Business and ensured requirements completeness and correctness
Conduct requirements and design walkthrough with the QA team
Responsible for putting up QA plan, Master Test Plan, Master Test Strategy, Application level/Detail Test Plans, Test Reporting and managing Risks-Issues-Actions
Responsible for the monthly releases, reporting QA results across releases, and deployments
Responsible and manage teams in the US, and India.
Work closely with the development team, BA’s and Infrastructure teams to the successful completion of testing
Coordinated Integration Testing, System Testing, Regression Testing, End to End testing and facilitated User Acceptance Testing
Led Automation team
Validated the migration data after DataStage jobs (ETL)
Worked on Order Management and Inventory Management
Led Defect Triage Meetings as a Defect Manager to discuss defect found, assigning severity to facilitate defect resolution to close
Responsible to create Requirements Traceability Verification Matrix to ensure complete test coverage in HP ALM
Reporting risks and planning mitigations

Aug 2014 – March 2015, Test manager, American Express, Phoenix, AZ
Project name: American Express Credit Cards
The American Express Company, also known as Amex, is an American multinational financial services corporation headquartered in Three World Financial Center, Manhattan, New York City, New York, and the United States. Founded in 1850, it is one of the 30 components of the Dow Jones Industrial Average. The company is best known for its credit card, charge card, and traveler's cheque businesses. Amex cards account for approximately 24% of the total dollar volume of credit card transactions in the US.
In the capacity of a Test Manager, Raja is responsible for the below
Facilitated Requirements Review meetings with the Business and ensured requirements completeness and correctness
Conduct requirements and design walkthrough with the QA team.
Responsible for putting up QA plan, Master Test Plan, Master Test Strategy, Application level/Detail Test Plans, Test Reporting and managing Risks-Issues-Actions
Responsible for the monthly releases, reporting QA results across releases, and deployments
Responsible and manage teams in the US, and India.
Work closely with the development team, BA’s and Infrastructure teams to the successful completion of testing
Coordinated Integration Testing, System Testing, Regression Testing, End to End testing and facilitated User Acceptance Testing
Validated the migration data after DataStage jobs (ETL)
Worked on Order Management and Inventory Management
Led Defect Triage Meetings as a Defect Manager to discuss defect found, assigning severity to facilitate defect resolution to close
Responsible to create Requirements Traceability Verification Matrix to ensure complete test coverage
Reporting risks and planning mitigations

Aug 2012– May 2014, Test Manager, Nationwide Building Society Bank, Swindon, UK
Project Name: NBS-Managed Test Services
Nationwide Building Society Program is one of the largest programs in IBM under Financial Sector. IBM has a long-term contract with NBS UK, with more than 200+ projects. Technology Assembly Center model has been adopted for this program. The main intension of this model is to develop re-useable assets to reduce the cost. Stringent Service Level Agreements (SLA’s) and Service Level Objects (SLO’s) contracted for this program.
In the capacity of a Test Manager, Raja is responsible for the below
Co-ordinate release-based integration testing across the groups of the program (Savings, credit cards, Online banking, Flex accounts, Child accounts etc)
Responsible and implement Program level QA plan, Master Test Plan, Master Test Strategy, Application level/Detail Test Plans, Test Reporting and managing Risks-Issues-Actions
Worked on Infrastructure Projects.
Worked on the Business Continuity Process to secure data.
Facilitated Requirements Review meetings with the Business and ensured requirements completeness and correctness
Responsible for the monthly releases, reporting QA results across releases, and deployments
Facilitated Requirements Review meetings with the Business and ensured requirements completeness and correctness
Responsible for metrics reporting across releases, coordinating Teams across UK, and India.
Coordinated Integration Testing, System Testing, Regression Testing and facilitated User Acceptance Testing, Mobile Applications Testing on IOS and Android.
Worked on the transfers including Foreign Exchange, Swift, Domestic Transfer.
Led Defect Triage Meetings as a Defect Manager to discuss defect found, assigning severity to facilitate defect resolution to close
Responsible to create Requirements Traceability Verification Matrix to ensure complete test coverage
Facilitated defect risk negotiation with IT and business teams and ensured timely delivery with desired quality

May 2009 – Aug 2012, Test Manager, Wal-Mart – Bentonville, Arkansas, USA
Project Name: Wal-Mart Merchandising Test Services.
Wal-Mart Merchandising Testing Services program is one of IBM’s largest Testing Service program. A portfolio of 140 projects is slated to be addressed under this contract in the Merchandising portfolio. This program is also an endeavor to hand-hold Wal-Mart and educates, uplift their caliber in testing services. Franchise TAC model has been adopted for this program. Stringent SLAs & SLOs are contracted for this program.

In the role of a Test Manager Raja was responsible for:
Define and implemented a befitting Quality Control model for Wal-Mart (Merchandising area)
Conduct Training session to Wal-Mart and IBM resources on the Test Life Cycle, establish required Testing tools
Define and implement quality metrics
Responsible for Master Test Strategies, Master Test Plans, Defect Triage meetings and Management Reporting
Responsible for conducting Requirements Review meetings with Business
Created Requirements Traceability Verification Matrix to ensure complete test coverage
Assess and resolve overall Engagement Risks & Issues
Delivering Client Governance - Management reports to the customer (Weekly, Monthly etc)
Worked on Order Management, inventory Management, and Warehouse Management.
Oct 2007 – Apr 2009, Test Manager, Ameriprise, USA
Project Name: ITASCA (Insurance To Annuity System Consolidation & Administration)
ITASCA Integration Project (Insurance To Annuity System Consolidation & Administration) is the Integration of 43 Interfaces with New Administration System (Admin Server) – The primary objective of the ITASCA program is to configure, and implement the AdminServer Policy Administration System (PAS) and infrastructure to enable sales of Outside Distribution variable annuity New Business.
In the role of a Test Manager responsible for Analyzing Business Requirements, Developing Test Strategies, Developing Master Test Plans, Project Planning and Tracking, Rational PM usage, Resource Planning, Quality Management, Metrics Generation, Status Reporting to onsite team, Onsite-Offshore coordination, Facilitating Quality Audits like Project Health Review, Project Management Review, interacting with 3rd party vendors to closely monitor the tasks assigned.

June 2004 – Oct 2007, Test Lead, FedAD/Macy’s, USA
Project Name: Federated Systems group
FedAD is an advertisement lifecycle management application developed jointly by IGSI and IGSUS for the Federated Systems Group (FSG) under the Distribution Sector. FSG is the technology group of large retail chain of stores - Macy's, Bloomingdales etc in the USA which is looking at the FedAD application to centralize, plan, manage, and control all the advertising activities for the stores. The advertisement could be related to various media such as print, video, audio etc. IGSI and IGSUS teams have worked together to define, design, develop, test and deploy the web enabled Advertisement Life Cycle Management Application for FSG.
In the role of Test Lead, Raja was responsible for creating detail test plans, prepare test cases, review test cases, execution, and log defects.
June 2002 – May 2004, Test Analyst, Verisoft Technologies, India
Project Name: Smart Student
This Product helps Students, Teachers and Parents to understand the Academic progress of the Students. This Product consists of the various Tests like Chapter wise tests, Unit tests, and Subject wise tests. With the Huge database of the syllabus, the student can get a number of sets of papers in each subject. At the end of the test student can see the progress of his studies by viewing their marks.
In the role of a test analyst, Raja was prepared test cases, executed test cases and reporting defects.
Contact this candidate