MANOJ GOPALAKRISHNAN
IT Director Head of IT Senior IT Manager
Dubai, United Arab Emirates
+971-**-***-****
adg7rx@r.postjobfree.com
linkedin.com/in/manojgk/
visualcv.com/manojgkrsh/
COMPETENCIES
Information
Security
Vendor /SLA
Management
Project
Management
Cloud
Computing
BCP & DRP
Budgeting &
Planning.
C-Level
Presentation
AEC Systems
Hospitality
Systems
Enterprise
Resource
Planning
SDLC
Industrial
Control
Systems
Leadership &
Team
Development
Training and
Awareness
programs
Social & Mobile
business
dynamics
Compliance
Audit &
Assurance
Client Service
Excellence
IT Recycle
Management
Integrity
NIST Framework
Agility with
Change
Forward
Thinking
Shop-floor &
Production
management
Systems
PROFESSIONAL
CERTIFICATIONS
CISA, Certified Information
Systems Auditor. Certified since
March 2008
CISM, Certified Information
Security Manager. Certified since
March 2011
CRISC, Certified in Risk and
Information Systems Control.
Certified Since May 2011
CDPSE, Certified Data Privacy
Solutions Engineer. Certified Since
June 2020
CCISO, Certified Chief Information
Security Officer. Certified Since
August 2012
ITIL V3, Foundation for service
management. Certified Since
August 2009
MCTS, Microsoft Certified
Technology Specialist. Certified
SUMMARY
A seasoned professional with a solid reputation for achieving corporate objectives through technology innovations.
Over 24 years of progressive experience in design, implementation, transition and operations of IT infrastructure services, enterprise-wide information security functions, ERP, EAM systems and IaaS, PaaS and SaaS technologies to ensure consistent support of business goals and align technology vision with business strategy by integrating company processes.
Demonstrated expertise in a diverse range of technologies within multiple industry domains.
A well-organized, solution-oriented individual with proven leadership and management abilities in planning and executing large ICT infrastructure projects. Expert at directing the eﬀective delivery of networks, development, and disaster recovery systems and IT improvement processes.
Extensive knowledge in data-center infrastructure, servers, storage, virtualization, data security and its operations.
Adept at ERP implementation and integration of emerging technologies and their cost- effective commercial implementations to support diverse business requirements. Experience in working with C-level professionals, solid management skills, strong business acumen, capable of leading and motivating a wide range of technically skilled individuals to maximum levels of productivity.
EXPERIENCES
2009-Dec -
Present
IT Director - Infrastructure, Operations & Security Al Abbar Group, Dubai, UAE
Responsibilities:
Responsible for the definition, orchestration, delivery, monitoring and continuous improvement of end-to-end Information and communication technology infrastructure services in align with the organization’s businesses goal.
Accountable for maintaining confidentiality, integrity and availability of all Information assets in the group having 30+ sites in various geo- locations.
Budgeting, Planning & Compliance:
Prepare, present, and finalise the annual IT budget with Management. Monitoring the progress on capital and operational ICT expenditure Ensure various global and local ICT regulatory and vendor compliances. Core & Database Services:
Ensure continuous, seamless running of the Group’s databases, applications and help-desk services to enhance business performance through continuous tuning and managed upgrades.
Oversee the development of disaster recovery plans in line with business continuity requirements during an outage. Data Network Services, Infrastructure & Security:
Developing, implementing, monitoring, and educating team members on a strategic, comprehensive information security program Ensuring appropriate levels of confidentiality, integrity, safety, privacy, and recovery of the organization’s information assets. Directly responsible for developing and implementing security policies, standards and awareness programs.
Facilitating the reporting of key metrics to measure efficiency and effectiveness of the information security program and review with the executive team.
IT Service Delivery:
Senior stake-holder for performance monitoring, software and hardware standards, optimization and outsourcing.
Since September 2009
PROFESSIONAL
AFFILIATIONS
Information Systems Audit and
Control Association (ISACA)
Association for Computing
Machineries (ACM)
International Information Systems
Security Certification Consortium
(ISC2)
Project Management Institute
(PMI)
EC Council
CIO Majlis- an interactive platform
for technology executives in the
UAE.
EXPERT AREA OF
SERVICES
Virtualization: VMware, Citrix XEN,
Hyper V
Servers/OS: Windows, Linux,
Exchange Server, IIS, Sharepoint.
Desktop OS: Windows
Services: AD, AAD, DNS, DHCP
ERP, MRP, EAM: Oracle e-business,
MS dynamics AX, MS dynamics
D365, ALfak/Alcim, Property
management Systems.
DB: MS SQL, ORACLE RAC
Productivity: Office 365, Photoshop
NAC and Access control: Aruba
Clearpass
Endpoint protection: Trend Micro,
Heat/Ivanti, Checkpoint, Symantec,
FSecure.
DMS/ECM: OpenText, Docushare
Flex
NGFW/UTM: PaloAlto, Checkpoint,
FortiGate
Cloud Security: Zscaler
Email Security G/W: Mimecast,
Proofpoint
SEIM: Alienvault
WAF/Optimisation: Netscaler,
Riverbed
Networking: Aruba, Cisco, Nexus,
Meru Networks
Service desk: Freshdesk, Manage
engine
Patch Management: SCOM, WSUS,
Ivanti, Solarwinds
Cloud platforms: MS Azure, AWS,
SaaS: Office 365, D365
Storage: Netapp, Dell EMC, Nasuni,
Hitachi.
Backup & DR: Symantec, Veeam
VoIP: Avaya, Mitel, NEC
Security Systems: Access control
systems ( Face and Hand
recognition systems), Door
opening, Gate Barriers,
Surveillance Cameras, Key
management systems.
Authentication /identity
Responsibility head for development and implementation of the service delivery, technology operating/process model, plan and supervise database upgrades.
Management of service level agreements and to ensure consistent SLA chain to business units are performed.
Data Center Operations:
Directly responsible for applications, internet and intranet services, facility administration, technical upgrades and network support. Maintain the Organization's effectiveness and efficiency by defining, delivering and supporting strategic plans by implementing technology solutions.
Responsible for backup and disaster recovery strategies. People Development:
Assign efficient professionals to head critical projects and ensure achievement of goals and objectives across various offices in UAE, Oman, Bahrain, Saudi Arabia Philipines & India.
Guiding and motivating subordinates to enhance performance and produce quality work and ensure that they are continuously developed for higher-level roles. Ensures that team members are up-to-date with the changing situations and strategic developments of Group. Major Achievements:
Acted as a PM for the Implementation of Oracle ERP eBusiness Suite across the Group, including Oracle Manufacturing, Oracle Inventory, Oracle Purchasing, iProcurement, EAM, Bills of Material, Project Manufacturing, Oracle Order Management, Financials Suite and HR. Instituted previously nonexistent project management guidelines within the Group to improve the ability to meet timelines, budgets, and objectives.
Managed a large cross-function team from various Business Units and Functions that ensured ERP project activities got executed as per the plan.
Active consultant and decision contributor to group business process re-engineering, application gap analysis, business applications integration & solution design meetings.
1999-Apr -
2009-Jul
IT Manager
Al Abbar Aluminium, (Division of Al Abbar Group), Dubai, UAE Responsibilities:
Responsible of organization's information and communication technology infrastructure and support including strategy, planning, operations, optimizations and business solutions delivery. Design, implement and maintain a secure, flexible, readily-available and sufficiently resilient ICT infrastructure that meets all the current and anticipated future ICT requirements of the company. Coordinate all IT related selection, acquisition, development and installation of major information systems.
Develop and maintain IT security, business continuity and DR plans. Provided direction to business analysis and application development functions in implementing new process and new system solutions in order to make the company operations more efficient and effective. Ensure most applicable, productive, efficient and cost-effective technologies are being utilized abreast of technological and business. Ensure Identification of threats and vulnerabilities of ICT infrastructure and preparing risk assessment and mitigation Partnered with the internal business units.
Planning development and deployment of new technologies and business Implementation and hardening of unified communications, threat management and security solutions, application and infrastructure virtualization, and storage solutions. Administration, development and technical support of Microsoft Dynamics ERP, SOP and production management systems. Management of service level agreements and ensure consistent SLA chain from business units to providers.
Achievements
management solutions: Microsoft,
Okta
TRAININGS AND
WORKSHOPS
ATTENDED
Training on ITIL V3
Training on Cisco routers, firewalls
and security appliances.
Training on Project Management
(PMP).
Training on Riverbed WAN
application optimizer.
Training on Implementing &
achieving ISO 27001, Information
Security Management System, NIST
Cybersecurity frameworks.
Training on Meru wireless network
solutions.
Asia-pacific Computer Audit,
Control and Security workshop by
ISACA Dubai, UAE.
Training on Netapp and IBM
storage systems.
EC-Council’s Global CISO Summit
2012, Miami, USA.
Training on Certified Ethical
Hacking (C EH) Course.
EC-Council’s Global CISO Summit
2014, Atlanta, USA.
Training on unified security
management & SIEM - Alien vault,
USA.
Workshop on Aruba wireless
network solutions at Atmosphere
2017, Paris, France.
Successfully implemented Microsoft Great Plains/Dynamics ERP for the division.
Upgraded and optimized group’s WAN infrastructure to improve and accelerate application performance across the wide-area network using riverbed products (www.riverbed.com) to provide LAN-like access to data and applications anywhere throughout the enterprise. thereby cut costs of operating IT infrastructure and get better visibility into how well applications are performing.
Re-designed and implemented a secure, high performance and highly available e-mail infrastructure to support our growing mobile users through web access and smartphones with added cloud email security retention, and discovery of emails.
Participated in the design of and the implementation of 600+ points of structured cabling with fibre optics backbone and Cisco core switches. Liaised with MEP subcontractors for the HVAC requirements of datacenter.
1997-Aug -
1999-Mar
Systems Administrator
Parts International Co, Dubai, UAE
Administration of NT and CITRIX® Winframe Servers
Performing needs assessments, software installation and upgrades. Configurations of routers, firewalls, switches and VPN appliances. Providing Technical support and In-house training. NT, Exchange, Proxy, Fax, & Print Server administration. Resolving client (laptops & Desktops) and server communication issues. Administration of Microsoft Routing & Remote Access Server over WAN. Design and develop ad-hoc forms/reports, assist the in-house S/W development team.
Managing directory services. Configuring user profiles, rights and policies.
Auditing & monitoring & optimizing server performance and network resources.
Backup/restore data.
Administration of branch office connectivity.
1996-Jun -
1997-Jul
EDP in charge
Al Abhar Trading, Dubai, UAE
Design, develop and implement applications, utilities and reports for the organization using FoxPro and dBase.
Installation and configuration of software/hardware. Administration of databases and Novell network.
Help desk & hardware support.
In charge of data control, equipment scheduling and program maintenance.
Train /supervise end-users on operations on electronic data processing.
Creating ad-hoc reports using report writers.
EDUCATION
2004 - 2007 M.Sc. Information Technology & Computer Communication.
Mahatma Gandhi University, India.
Major: Information Technology and Computer communication with electives Computer Graphics and Client server computing and application. 1993 - 1994 Honors Diploma in Information and Systems Management Aptech Computer Education, India.
Cobol, C, C++, Structured System Analysis and Design and RDBMS 1989 - 1992 B.Sc. Physics
Mahatma Gandhi University, India.
Major: Physics with electives Mathematics and Chemistry
Contact this candidate