Maher Doubiane

Professional Summary

Professional ICT / Security manager with 10+ years of experience specialized in IT department/Project management. Detail- and results-oriented individual with above-average critical thinking, time management, and organizational skills. Able to implement effective IT strategies at local and global levels. My greatest strength is business awareness, it enables me to permanently streamline infrastructure and awareness.

adgcea@r.postjobfree.com
009**-**-****-***
009**-**-***-***
Al Madinah Province, KSA

Skills

Project Management
Team Management
Change Management
Network management
IT Strategy development
Self-motivated
Public speaking
Conflict resolution
Cost Estimation
Time, Cost, Schedule management
Pentesting, vulnerability assessment
IT Integration and Migration
Linux, Windows, LAN, WAN, Active directory, ERP, OpenVAS, Kali, EMC, Netgear, Cisco
Routers, Firewall, HIDS/NIDS
Nessus, OpenVas

Work History

Khatib & Alami – Senior Infrastructure / LC Consultant Engineer
Medinah, Saudi Arabia
08/2018 – Current
Monitoring low current and infrastructure activities in King Salman International Convention Center's project (ICC).
Monitoring overall progress and use of resources, initiating corrective action where necessary.
Adopting and applying appropriate technical and quality strategies and standards.
As ministry of finance representative, coordinating with Dar Al Handasah consultancy and stakeholders to reach the successful closing phase of ICC project
Cybersecurity practices

Education
2009
Notre Dame University – Louaize, Lebanon
Bachelor of Engineering: Computer and Communication Engineering

Khatib & Alami – Senior IT Infrastructure
Medinah, Saudi Arabia
02/2018 – 07/2018
Reviewing infrastructure's computer systems, documenting any changes made, and making recommendations for improvements.
Safeguards information system assets by identifying and solving potential and actual security problems.
work closely with client to understand their requirements and translate them into technically viable solutions.
Setting up intranets and network systems and configure routers and servers.
Networking security.
Monitoring of ICT installations and liaison with project representatives
Maintains quality service by following organization standards.

Languages
French
English
Arabic

Certifications
ITIL® Foundation Certificate in IT Service Management
PRINCE2® Practitioner Certificate in Project Management
PRINCE2® Foundation Certificate in Project Management

Advanced Vision – Group ICT Manager
Jeddah, Saudi Arabia
08/2016 - 01/2018
Implementing Information Security Policies.
looking for vulnerabilities and risks in hardware and software
Organizing and running the operations of information and communication technology of Advanced Vision and subsidiary companies (Vision Networks, Empower, Vision Eetimad,Vision Qatar, …)
Managing team of 25 engineer.
Planning, directing, coordinating and designing ICT-related activities, as well as providing administrative directions and support for daily operational activities of the ICT department.
Working closely with decision makers in other departments to identify, recommend, develop, implement, and support cost-effective technology solutions.
Implement ICT policies, procedures, and best practices.
Providing upper management personnel with detailed reports of the project's progression that include budgets, milestones and analyses of implementation (forecasts)
Working with different supplier (EMC, HP, Netgear, Dell, APC, Cisco, Cyberoam,OKI, canon, Xerox, Samsung, Virdi, Fortinet, HikVision, Ubiquiti...)
Cyber Security policies and researches.
Projects accomplished:
-Smart fire systems for datacenters.
-Low current projects (access / biometric systems).
- surveillance/security systems for more than 5,000,000 SAR warehouses.

VISION NETWORKS KAIA PROJECT - IT Manager
Jeddah, Saudi Arabia
04/2011 - 07/2016
Managing team of 6 engineers.
Analyze the environment, predict the evolution of it and take the necessary decisions to anticipate changes and implant the appropriate systems and technologies
Evaluating technology use and needs on a regular basis and recommending cost-effective and performance-enhancing improvements inclusive of hardware and software upgrades.
Find and select the right suppliers. Define and agree with the level of service providers to provide in relation to the work associated with external collaboration contracts to achieve a consistent and adequate service to the needs of the organization.
Plan the use of human and material resources at its disposal in order to maximize their effectiveness.
Supervise and afford training and guidance for new comers and make sure they understand and follow policies and procedures.
Weekly team meeting, brainstorming/identifying new risks
Customizing ERP software to assure seamless flow of operations and excellent reporting structure saving at least 1,000,000 SAR over the 5 years
Arranging training programs

Al Salam Insurance - Software Developer & Network Administrator
Beirut, Lebanon
03/2010 - 03/2011
Understanding Insurance workflow, policies, coordination in between different insurance parties.
Developing and testing application with a team of developers and coordinating all together for the perfect issue’s resolution.
Meeting weekly to discuss performance variances, risks faced, responses plan ahead.

Madia Networks - IT Deputy Project Manager
Doha, Qatar
06/2009 - 01/2010
Acquainted self with key project objectives and taking necessary measures to represent client interests whilst assuring flawless quality standards and strict adherence with the guidelines to drive revenue growth and profitability of the organization.
Actively engaged in all critical activities associated with accounting, costing and billing to clients whilst supervising installation and implementation of servers, exchange servers and networks (LAN/WAN).

Additional Information
Training courses at LBCI (Lebanese Broadcast Corporation) in Telecom / Aug 2006 - Oct 2006
Training courses at Soft Solutions in Programming / Aug 2007 - Oct 2007
Contact this candidate