CURRICULUM VITAE
SABU.Y
Sabu Bhavanam (Ampiyil Veedu)
Karali J.N P.O
SasthamCotta
Kollam, Kerala - 690543
Phone - 91-989*******
E-mail –adgiag@r.postjobfree.com.
Career Objective
** ***** ** **tensive experience in the Information Technology arena with specializations in Information Security and Infrastructure Operations. A Professional Challenging Career, which will provide opportunity for continuous growth and learning with a dynamic organization which values individual contribution. To work with full dedication and gaining profe excellence this will develop my personality and enrich my experience.
My Vision
“Coming together is a beginning. Keeping together is progress. Working together is success." Organizational Experience
Company: Wintech Systems & services.(H.O)
Designation : Network Engineer
January 1999 - January 2008 (9 years 1 month)
Providing maintenance of existing Personal Computers, laptops, IBM, HP Servers, LAN,OFC Networking, Printers and Solutions for working environment in PCs Excellent in designing and maintaining LAN, WAN, ETHERNET and voice networks. Expert in trouble shooting the existing networks.
Experienced in providing motivation, guidance and a up to date networking consultancy service.
Company : Wintech Systems & services.(Kollam)
Designation : Branch manager
January 2008 - February 2010 (2 years)
Directing all operational aspects including distribution, customer service, human resources, administration and sales in accordance with the bank's objectives. Providing training, coaching, development and motivation for bank personnel. Developing forecasts, financial objectives and business plans.
Create and execute the branch business plan.
Ensure store profitability and manage and develop branch personnel.
Maintain contact and friendly relationships with vendors, dealers and customers, building a
favorable company image
Assess local market conditions, analyze and evaluation of activities, costs, operations, budgets and forecast data to determine branch progress towards stated goals and objectives.
Company : Wintech Infoway (India) Pvt Ltd.(Karunagappally) Designation : Business Development Manager
February 2010 - February 2015 (5 years)
Planning, coordinating, budgeting and implementing Projects for IT Installations. Managing vendors for products and services support, effectively in a customer centric approach.
Designing and Implementing IT Security Procedures and Policies for the clients. IT Service Management (ITSM) based on ITIL best practices.
Handling RFP/RFQ/SOW and preparing BOMs and SLAs for Govt. and Corporate clients.
Designing of System and Network Infrastructure.
Implementation of Anti-Virus and Firewall solutions within the company and for clients.
Technical and Financial Evaluation of Projects.
Preparation/Verification of Project and Activity Reports, Revenue Forecasts & Administrative Records.
Building relationships with Corporate Sector, Govt. Organizations/Departments & resolving grievances.
Team Building & Performance Assessment.
Goal setting for the team and guiding the team to achieve the goals and targets. Company : Fazza Information Technology Pvt Ltd in Kollam Designation : Business Development Manager.
December 2015 - January 2017 (2 years)
Elaborate business development plans, design and implement processes to support business growth, through customer and market definition.
Facilitate business growth by working together with clients as well as business/technology partners.
Drive prospects through to contract award (including identifying new customers and markets, developing approaches to the market, identifying prospects, proposal preparation, etc.)
Develop marketing strategy, manage proposal teams and client account managers.
Broad and comprehensive knowledge in all matters related to the business of the Organization with an eye towards identifying new prospects and driving business growth.
Company : Hypertech Systems .(Kollam)
Designation : Business Development Manager
February 2017 - April 2018 (1years 1 month)
work in a senior sales position within the company. It is their job to work with the internal team, marketing staff, and other managers to increase sales opportunities and thereby maximize revenue for their organization.
Research, build and maintain relationships with clients and find business opportunities.
Work with Management team to identify and evaluate market, new target clients.
Work with management team to develop presentations and implement strategic sales plan.
Lead, coordinate/collect documents from various departments, preparation of pre-qualification documents, submission and its follow-up.
Acting as client’s point of contact for pre-qualification and proposal submission / queries /
clarification.
Schedule and manage Technical & Commercial proposal preparation process to ensure that deadlines are met.
KEY DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES
Establishes networking environment by designing system configuration, directing system installation, defining, documenting, and enforcing system standards.

Maximizes network performance by monitoring performance, troubleshooting network problems and outages, scheduling upgrades, collaborating with network architects on network optimization.

Secures network system by establishing and enforcing policies, defining and monitoring access.

Updates job knowledge by participating in educational opportunities, reading professional publications, maintaining personal networks, participating in professional organizations.

Accomplishes information systems and organization mission by completing related results as needed.

Reporting network operational status by gathering, prioritizing information, managing projects.

Establishes and maintains network performance by building net configurations and connections, troubleshooting network problems.

Identifies, troubleshoots and resolves hardware-, software- and network- related problems encountered by end-users of the District network, the Internet, the mainframe, PCs and Macintoshes and new computer technology.

Installs, certifies and troubleshoots campus and remote-campus network cabling infrastructure, including a wide variety of local area network equipment and software.

Uses established tracking system to log requests, monitors progress, tracks problem resolution, identifies patterns of failure, researches bug fixes and implements solutions, communicates with manager regarding unresolved problems

Works with vendors to resolve hardware operating system issues, researches and tests possible solutions and implements solutions.Analyzes bugs in system and application software, researches and tests possible solutions, implements solutions. TECHNICAL SKILL
Installing, Managing and Maintaining Windows 2003 Server environment. Highly acquainted with Microsoft technologies such as Active directory, DNS, DHCP, etc., and WAN technology such as RRAS (Routing and Remote Access Service), VPN etc..
Experienced in establishing WIFI in LAN environment PROFESSIONAL SKILL
C C N A (Cisco Certified Net Work Associate).ID:- CSCO11526752

Diploma in Computer Maintenance and Networking

MCP [Microsoft Certified Professional]

RHCT [Red Hat Certified Technician]

Linux Networking and Trouble Shooting 2003 Server Installation and Networking All types of Printer Service

COMPUTER PROFICIENCY & SKILLS
1. Hardware Skills:
Assembling and Disassembling the computer, Cabling

Installation, Maintenance and Troubleshooting of Desktop, Multimedia Kits, Printers and Scanners

2. Networking Skills :
Installing and Configuring windows Server 2008 Active Directory Services

Managing and Administrating all user domain and accounts.

Networking, LAN & WAN trouble shooting. Network Auditing, Knowledge of configure and maintenance.

DHCP (Dynamic host configuration protocol), VPN (Virtual Private Network), DNS (Domain Name Service),Windows mail, print server.

Designing IP addressing scheme using subnets. Configuring Routers and Switches, Switch Configuration

OFC,LAN&WAN Monitoring and Trouble Shooting of Networking

CCNA Skill:

Router configuration(static routing, dynamic routing)

VLAN configuration

NET\PET

Other Skills :
Office Automation and Data Entry

Graphic Designing and work experience in Adobe Package.

Video Editing and mixing experience in Adobe Premiere. Operating Systems:
Installation and Configuring of Windows7 & 8 /2003,2008 & 2012 Server

Installation and Configuring of Linux

Training undertaken:
Six moth training from Acer Company on Hardware, Laptop and

Mobiles

KEY PROJECTS:
Rajiv Gandhi Institute of Technology (RIT), Kottayam,Kerala, India. Optical Fiber Netwoking, Server, Rack, Switch, Cable Management, Data & Voice (Structured IT Infrastrure)

M.G University, Kottayam,Kearala, India.

IBM Servers Configuring Aad insallation & commissioning of network

National University of Advanced Legal Studies (NUALS) Kalamassery, Kochi, Kerala India

Thin clint Supplay & RDP protocols Installation

University of kerala,
Thiruvananthapuram,Kerala,India Supply And
commissioning of network printers.

HLL Lifecare Limited
Thiruvananthapuram,Kerala,India CCTV & Network
products Supply & commissioning

Bishop Benziger College of Engineering,Kollam,kerala, India

System & Server Supply & networking.

Hollycross Hospital, Kollam, Kerala,India

Design and implementing LAN. Installation and configuring of

Dell& IBM Servers.Configured allbraches in machines under Windows NT/2000/2003, Linux operating systems.

Sacred Heart School, Kollam, Kerala,India

Supply & commissioning of Biometric attendance system, CCTV Camara,DVR System, Public address system, Smart Class Room,RoboticLab, science Lab,Maths Lab &
Commputer Lab
Academic Record
Secondary School Examination
University : Board of Public Examinations, Kerala
Year of Pass : March 1992
Institution : B.H.S, Thevalakara, Arinalloor
Degree
University : university of kerala
Year of Pass : March 1997
Institution : DB College, Sasthamcotta
MetricTrade
Draughtsman-Civil : National Council on Vocational Training(NCVT) Year of Pass : 1998
Institution : N.S.N.S.M I.T.C, Chavara,kollam,Kerala,India Diploma in hardware
and networking : (Centre for Electronics Design & Technology of india) Year of Pass : 1999
Institution : Musaliar Computer Pvt. Ltd,kollam,Kerala,India Personal
Interested in Computer Works

Very good interpersonal relation

Patient & accommodative

Approachable, practical, creative & cheerful

Languages Known
Malayalam, English, Hindi, Tamil
Personal Details
Father’s Na : S. Yesudasan
Age / Date of Birth : 37 yrs / 30.05.1978
Sex / Marital Status : Male / Married
Nationality : Indian
Passport No. : M 5296701
Date of expiry : 14.01.2025
References
I have a total of Fourteen years of experience in Computers, Printers, Network administration and maintenance. I hope my experience is suitable for your organizations requirements.
Declaration
I hereby declare that the information furnished above is true to the best of my knowledge and belief
Place:Kollam S/d
Date :
SABU. Y
Contact this candidate