DOUGLAS HARPER
adgje0@r.postjobfree.com / C: 803-***-****
Lexington, SC 29072
SUMMARY
Experienced Chief Information Officer with a demonstrated history of working in the civil engineering industry. Skilled in Requirements Analysis, Government, Business Development, Strategic Planning, and Business Process Improvement. Strong information technology professional with a Bachelor of Science (B.S.) in Computer Science from the College of Engineering and Computing from the University of South Carolina - Columbia.
ACCOMPLISHMENTS
1997 SCDOT Employee of the Year Nominee
2000 SCDOT Unit employee of the Year
2002 Strategic Training for Transportation Agency Representative(STTAR)
2003-2006 Served as Chairman of the State Application Development Architecture Oversight Committee
2004 Senior State Certified Project Manager
2005 Successful Completion of the National Transportation Management Training
2006 Geospatial Innovation Award for the Integrated Transportation Management System by Intergraph/Hexagon
2006, 2010 - 2014 Served as a voting member of the State Architecture Oversight Committee
2008-Present - Served on the SC Traffic Record Reporting Committee as the SCDOT IT Representative working with SCDPS, SCDMV and SC Judicial to oversee automation and recording of all Accident & Traffic Ticketing Reports.
2014-Present - Elected Vice Chairman of the South Carolina Information Technology Directors Association
2016 Appointed to the eGovernment Oversight Committee by Governor Nikki Haley as a Cabinet Agency Representative
2018 - Present - Appointed to the eGovernment Oversight Committee by Governor Henry McMaster as a Non-Cabinet Agency Representative
2019 - Present - Appointed to the Dell Technologies State/Local Government Advisory Board
EXPERIENCE
Agency Chief Information Officer / South Carolina Department Of Transportation - Columbia, SC 01/2005 - Current
Duties Summary
Responsible for providing Information Technology Services to the agency. These services include but not limited to communications (voice, video, data, wireless, wired): computing (server, personal computer, legacy), Computer Aided Design & Drafting (CADD), local and wide area networks, infrastructure for an Intelligent Transportation System (to include cameras, overhead messaging signs, radar and traffic counts), and web design and multimedia development. Directs managerial staff in Developing and implementing business plan to support agency's strategic plan. Advise Senior Staff on matters pertaining to Information Technology.
As Information Security became of paradigm importance at all SC State Agencies I oversaw the implementation of the Security Information and Event Management at SCDOT. This incorporated stressing to management that all Information Administrative Privileges must fall under Information Technology Services and brought all Field Information Resource Coordinators (21 positions) directly under IT Services Management.
Develop Information Technology Budget for agency, monitor expenditures and approve information technology purchases.
Develop, implement and enforce Information Technology policies, standards, and procedures.
Assist in development of agency Information Technology business plan and monitor implementation progress.
Perform administrative activities--priority assignments, problem resolution, approve payroll and payments, personnel performance evaluations, etc.
Research and education, meet with vendors and consultants, conferences, seminars.
Provide direction and assistance to agency management in identifying technology resource solutions.
Managed staff of 96 employees and 10 contractors.
Direct Reports/Manager of Applications Development, Systems, Network Administrator, Computer Aided Design Development, Information Resource Coordinators, End User Services, Chief Information Security Officer, Project Management Office.
Operations Budget of $8,000,000.00
Equipment Budget of $6,000,000.00
Personnel Budget of $7,000,000.00
Application Development Manager / South Carolina Department Of Transportation - Columbia, SC 02/2000 - 12/2004
Duties Summary
Managed Application Development of all internally developed Applications and oversaw externally developed applications serving as Project Manager. Applications development was distributed into 3 groupings: a) Financial & Administrative, b) Engineering, c) Field Support. These 3 diverse groups developed in primarily Adabas Natural(Financial & Administrative) & Cobol - Financial & Administrative, Microsoft Sql Server products and Oracle for Engineering Applications and Field Support.
Managed staff of 30 employees and 5 contractors.
Manager of Finance & Administrative Applications / South Carolina Department Of Transportation - Columbia, SC 03/1996 - 01/2000
Duties Summary

Served as manager of all application development for Finance & Administrative Applications. Oversaw and Developed such Systems as the Statewide Purchase Order and Requisition Tracking System(SPORTS), Shop Work In Progress System(SWIPS), Mainframe Accounting System, Cash Disbursement System, Equipment Inventory System, Allotment Ledger Posting System. Ensured that all programs and standards were upheld and properly documented.
Managed staff of 12 employees.
Applications Analyst II / South Carolina Department Of Transportation - Columbia, SC 03/1992 - 02/1996
Duties Summary

Managed Application Development for DMV License & Revenue Accounting, Tag Inventory, Cash Disbursements and Procurement. During this time period served as the primary Developer for the Statewide Purchase Order and Requisition Tracking System working primarily with Judy Pooser (Applications Development Manager). SPORTS was one of the first Statewide Systems that affected every office at SCDOT averaging at that time approximately 20,000 purchase orders a year. The need for SPORTS facilitated the development/deployment of a statewide network reaching into 7 District Offices and 46 County Offices.
Managed staff of 3 employees.
Applications Analyst I / South Carolina Department Of Transportation - Columbia, SC 04/1989 - 02/1992
Duties Summary
Served as applications developer and maintenance of DMV License Revenue & Accounting Systems, DMV Tag Inventory. During this time period converted approximately 24 Commercial Driver License Applications Transactions from assembler to CICS to meet a federally mandated deadline working with Applications Development Manager Judy Pooser. The mandate was to eliminate all assembler language developments and these particular transactions were the very last. This development specifically assisted another area of applications outside of the area I worked in (Division of Motor Vehicle Applications Development).
Computer Programmer III / South Carolina Department Of Transportation - Columbia, WI 06/1988 - 03/1989
Duties Summary
Served as primary developer supporting DMV License, Revenue & Accounting and DMV Tag Inventory. The DMV Accounting Office at that time accounted for all revenue taken in at all DMV county offices through out the state. The system I maintained allowed for the nightly batch processing of all these transactions through out the state and accounted for keeping the tag inventories up to date as well. This system was later replaced in the late 90's by the Phoenix system.
EDUCATION AND TRAINING
University of South Carolina - Columbia, SC 06/1987
Bachelor of Science: Computer Science
Major in Computer Science from the College of Engineering and Computing.
Cognate in Mathematics
Contact this candidate