Name: Kemal Ahmed
Nationality: American Citizen
Address: SADA Business Center, Riyadh, Saudi Arabia
Email: adgrgx@r.postjobfree.com • Phone: (mobile) +966*********/+966*********

Career Objectives
Seeking a challenging position in computer information technology, management, and database management system where my established skills can be utilized to efficiently handle client needs, worker concerns, and contribute to company’s objectives.

Key Skills
Over Five years of experience in customer service, financial services firms, and computer information technology firm (project manager, Information security, Database Administration).
Knowledge of networks technologies, design and engineering (protocols, design concepts, access control)
Knowledge of security technologies (encryption, data protection, design, privilege access, etc.)
Proficiency in time management, communications, presentation and organizational skills, proficiency in planning, reporting, establishing goals and objectives, standards, priorities and schedules Basic to intermediate decision-making and problem solving skills Experience establishing and maintaining effective working relationships with employees and/or clients. Proven facility in developing plans to achieve the ultimate job’s goals while facilitating the allocation of tasks as needed, Outstanding Intercultural Communication and great team player.
Education
Franklin University, Columbus, OH (2012)
Bachelor of Science (GPA 3.7)
Focus: Computer Information Technology (Information Security using Cisco System)

Work Experience
ITEA International Limited Co. – Riyadh, Saudi Arabia
ERP, Functional Consultant/Project Manager (2015 – present)
To provide maintenance of the Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Systems, to act as liaison between the department end-users and the Supply Chain, a long working between procurement and finance department.

Provides instruction, support services, and trainings to ERP MS Dynamics AX System end users
Works with technical support to restore, correct and/or recover data, to develop and design customer reports and notifies Help Desk of system issues
Utilizes knowledge of ERP System to assist in identifying processes and constructing process flows, documented it and developed requirements for functional improvements and enhancements.
Responsible for research, planning, project development and deployment of new software and hardware based on the requirements for the development enterprise level infrastructures.
Oversees contract management and vender management related to the projects services.
Assists in the creation and updating of ERP, system policies and procedures, business rules, end user desk aids, and training materials.

International Telecommunication Co. Ltd., Riyadh, Saudi Arabia
Project Manager (Software Solutions) (2012 - 2015)
Manager in charge of team who have contract with all operators such as STC, Mobily, and Zain.
Provide service and system solution to validate bulk and interactive message system throughout a third party business located in France called Gemalto (for technical support)
Setting budgets and agreeing project time scales and deadlines with clients.
Managing staff to ensure that all milestones are achieved within the agreed time frames.
Responsible for identifying, analyzing, measuring and managing project risks.

Dollar Plus Inc., Columbus, OH
Store Retail Supervisor (2007-2012)
Initiated sales process by prospecting, scheduling appointments, making initial presentation, understanding business needs, and developing proposals
Created work schedules and assigned daily duties to all employees
Kept accurate records of merchandise receivables as well as completing inventory control
Performed cash transactions via POS register & QuickBooks
Maximized company profit by meeting the monthly goals
Conducted business to business sales state wide while endorsing prepaid products.

Metro PCS Cellular, Columbus, OH
Senior Customer Representative/ IT Technical Specialist (2005 - 2007)
Finished as top representative in advanced and basic sales and security training classes
Devised techniques to introduce products secure products and find solutions to customers
Answering phones for technical support to resolve customer’s issue with the phones
Conducted business to business sales with authorized agents city-wide.
Activate customer’s phone services, programming, and solving customer’s issue with the phone its self, and their services such as voice mail, picture or text messaging, adding or removing features from their current service plan.
Work in the call center with fast base work environment and able to manage and maintain the ability of multitasking.

References Are Available Upon Request
Contact this candidate