Charity Uwera 610-***-****
adgsrx@r.postjobfree.com Chicago, IL

Profile
Seeking Experience as a Cybersecurity Intern

SUMMARY

Master of Science in Cyber security candidate. Passionate about safeguarding critical assets by identifying, prioritizing, and protecting sensitive and high value business property. Focused on design and implementation of processes and tools that safeguard a firm's computing environment. Create action plans to mitigate risks. Enjoy learning new skills, working collaboratively and independently, and adapting to new challenges and technologies. Positive attitude, desire to learn, self-motivated and an effective team player.

EDUCATION

DePaul University, Chicago, IL, Nov 2020
Master of Science in Cybersecurity, GPA: 3.8/4.0

The Pennsylvania State University Graduation: May 2017
Bachelor of Science in Information and Science Technology
RELATED COURSEWORK

●Information Security Risk Management
●Information Technology & Security Auditing
●Business Continuity & Disaster Recovery
●Introduction to Computer & Networking Systems
●Enterprise Resource Planning Systems
●IT Governance Policies & Information Assurance Privacy laws
●Information Security Digital Forensics Techniques
●Enterprise Security Infrastructure Controls and Regulatory Compliance
●Applied Social Engineering
●Statistics & Data Analysis
Enterprise Project Management

COURSE PROJECTS - Winter 2019 – Spring 2020
Security Capstone
●Worked with a team to design, set up, and configure realistic enterprise computing and networking environments. Secured the infrastructure and integration of different services and technology in an efficient, secure and non redundant manner. Technologies used included: open–source and commercial products, firewalls, Virtual Private Networks (VPNs), authentication systems, Intrusion Detection Systems (IDS), and advanced routing mechanisms (OSPF, BGP, IS–IS).
●Launched a denial of service attack using the ping method as part of my individual project presentation.
●Security Assessment
●Created cybersecurity awareness & training campaign material.
●Identified risks in business’s technical infrastructure and processes to verify that controls were in place to safeguard against security threats.
●Gained experience working with Active Directory, DHCP, DNS, and Group Policies.
Work Experience
REFUGEE CASE MANAGER AFRICAN FAMILY HEALTH ORGANIZATION SPRING 2016- 2019

●Guided clients through the intake and initial assessments.
●Prepared consent forms and assisted in procuring funding for eligible families
●Closely collaborated with medical assistants and doctors to ensure clients’ medical needs were met.
●Provided both supportive and comprehensive care, based on case management models, to clients based on the level of need.

ORGANIZATIONS

●Member – ISACA, 2020–Present
●Member – Women in Cybersecurity, 2020–Present
Contact this candidate