AHMED EZZAT
BI-LINGUAL HOTEL CONCIERGE
TEAM LEADER
PROFILE
Professional Hotel Concierge
Team Leader with a 10-year
expertise in hospitality services.
Proven experience in customer
service, safety, and providing
first class hotel experience to
guests.
Skilled in Security Management,
Problem Resolution, and
Safe & Secure Concierge
Services.
CONTACTS
PHONE:
971-**-***-****
EMAIL:
adgtx9@r.postjobfree.com
LANGUAGES SPOKEN
Arabic
English
Concierge Team Leader cum Bell Attendant
Four Points by Sheraton Bur Dubai, Dubai, UAE
December 2016 to August 2020
Ensures guests are greeted upon arrival
Opens car doors for arriving and departing guests and escorts them in the lobby
Maintains an up to date knowledge of the hotel and services and supply information and respond to guest queries.
Ensures effective hand over is done, gaining information from earlier shift
Forwards all guest complaints to the Manager on Duty
Ensures that airport and beach transportation flow is maintained effectively
Ensures safe and easy travel for the guest to their destination
Makes dining and other reservations for patrons, and obtain tickets for events
Provides information about local features such as shopping, dining, nightlife, and recreational destinations
Provides travel directions and information on property events and promotions Concierge
Taj Downtown, Dubai UAE
January 2016 to December 2016
Picks up and delivers items and run errands for guests
Arranges replacement of items lost by guests/travelers
Makes dining and other reservations for patrons and obtain tickets for events as needed
Carries out special requests such as searching for hard-to-find items and arranging for exotic services such as hot-air balloon rides.
Receives, stores, and delivers luggage and mails. Concierge Shift-In-Charge
Four Points by Sheraton Bur Dubai, Dubai, UAE
October 2010 to December 2015
Makes dining and other reservations for patrons, and obtain tickets for events
Provides information about local features such as shopping, dining, nightlife, and recreational destinations
Makes travel arrangements for sightseeing and other tours
Receives, stores, and delivers luggage and mails. Valet Parker
Al Habtoor Valtrans
July 2007 to June 2010
Provides claim check and instructs guests on how to reclaim vehicle
Parks guest vehicles in specified areas in a safe and efficient manner
Retrieves customer vehicles from specified areas in a safe and efficient manner
Provides travel directions and information on property events and promotions
Provides accurate and timely documentation and reports of departmental activities and status including claim checks, vehicle damage, statements, and conditions with require attention and or repair.
Obeys all traffic laws on and off property.
Promotes the courteous treatment of customers and resolving guest service issues.
CERTIFICATIONS
Certificate of Completion: Marriot Information Security and Privacy Training (ISPT).
Certificate of Completion: Four Points Masterclass Milestone
Certificate of Completion: The Business We Do (Marriott International)
Certificate of Completion: Coronavirus (Reducing the Risk and Infection) CUSTOMER SERVICE SKILLS
Skilled in providing first-class customer experience resulting to satisfaction, loyalty, and retention.
Professional response to customers’ inquiries and problems, providing them necessary information.
Proactive approach in communicating with customers and guests. COMPUTER SKILLS
Microsoft Office Applications
Opera
Internet
EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATION
Industrial Diploma, June 1992
Gharbiya Tanta, Egypt
PERSONAL DETAILS
Nationality : Egyptian
Marital Status : Married
Religion : Muslim
Visa Status : Residence
REFERENCES
Will be provided upon request.
Contact this candidate