Chief Information Officer
EXECUTIVE LEVEL LEADERSHIP RAPID CUSTOM APPLICATION DEVELOPMENT ENTERPRISE INTEGRATION
PROFESSIONAL PROFILE

Results-oriented technology industry leader and engineering principal, pioneering and managing complex IT solution designs including cloud-based applications. Leverage more than twenty years of requirements and infrastructure analysis expertise to drive business development and retention to customer-focused success.
•Provide leadership vision enterprise-wide via decisive and insightful executive leadership, guiding daily operations and policy implementation through strategic thinking and decision-making.
•Known for seamlessly communicating, coordinating and collaborating with internal organizations and third-party partners.
•Build and lead high-performance teams to manage, implement and streamline complex IT designs. This includes developers, QA analysts, technical writers, support technicians, help desk representatives and outsourced personnel.
•Foster virtual team collaboration using relationship building and communications improvement.
CORE COMPETENCIES

Management Strategic Planning & Management Needs Analysis Organizational Development Budget Development & Management Contract Negotiations & Management Business Consulting Staff Utilization Project Management Recommendation Proposals Process Improvements & Best Practices Project Management Continuous Improvement (Kaizen) Cost Containment RFI, RFP, and RFQ Delivery Change Advocate Mergers & Acquisitions
IT Solutions Cloud Computing Infrastructure Design Implementation Large Scale Deployments Software and Hardware Architectures SaaS and SOA Design and Implementation Rapid Deployments Structured Methodologies Object Oriented Design Data Center Management Recommendation Proposals Process Improvements & Best Practices Project Management Continuous Improvement (Kaizen) Cost Containment Multiple Platforms Hands-on experience
Sales & Client Retention Management RFI, RFP, and RFQ Delivery Customer Relationship Management • Sales Cycle Technical Representative Effective Presenter
Security & Disaster Recovery Security Controls WISP Generation Risk Assessments Disaster Recover Planning
Technology Knowledge Microsoft Windows 10 and Servers Linux Unix AS400 Database Management (SQL Server & MySQL) Software Development Microsoft .NET Open Source - LAMP AngularJS Visual Studio

TECHNOLOGY LEADERSHIP

SMARTCO SERVICES, LLC, Taunton, MA, Palm Beach Gardens, FL 2011 - present
Global firm specializing in strategic inventory management solutions for the automotive and industrial vehicle industries. SmartCo focuses on solutions developed to assist clients by outsourcing tasks, which are currently performed by internal team members that may underperforming. The flagship product, PartsEye, is the premier choice for outsourced parts inventory planning services.
Chief Information Officer
Hired to ensure continuity while facilitating company growth into an enterprise class organization, for maximum retention. Leverage enterprise-wide information to re-engineer IT infrastructure and team strategy into efficient alignment with core business priorities.
Executive leadership team member.
Responsible for IT Governance.
Lead the technology review during the due diligence of mergers and acquisitions
Lead a 40-person team supporting more than three thousand client companies in rapidly assimilating new solutions and resource shifts. The team includes director, manager, and supervisor level members.
Lead the transition from co-located hosted infrastructure to a manage cloud-based operation.
Redundant cloud-based servers created in 5 continents
Utilizing scalable architecture to guarantee optimal performance during periods of high traffic or significant growth due to an increase in our client base.
Reduced infrastructure costs by 35%
Implemented Agile Scrum which increased employee productivity and the overall efficiency of the technical team. This resulted in a reduction of request to release time by 40%.
$3.1M annual information technology budget planning.
Sales Team Technical Representative
Increased customer base by 300% from 1,000 to 4,000
Facilitated the evolution from a domestic (U.S. only) to a global service provider.
BMI south, Raleigh, NC, Westminster, SC & Thomaston CT 2000 - 2011
The corporation consisted of three manufacturing/distribution facilities located in Connecticut, North Carolina, and South Carolina as well as strategic partners located around the world. BMI produced precision turned products for clients in the automotive, aeronautics, industrial meter, and medical industries. The corporation also included a sports and recreation facility and landscaping company.
Corporate Director of Information Technology
Hired to create and implement, a technology driven, continuous improvement program intended to reduce non-value -added practices throughout the supply chain.
Lead the technology review during the due diligence of mergers and acquisitions which included two additional manufacturing facilities.
Lead a 4-person team supporting more than 200 employees located in three states and four separate facilities.
Collaborated with the President, General Manager and production team to ensure acceptance of deliverables and continuity of technical services.
Designed, developed and implemented many applications that significantly improved processes and reduced costs at an average of 15% annually.
Introduced a company website and employee portal.
Implemented a web based B2B product designed to improved customer visibility and increase performance.
Increased profits by implementing Kaizen. By implementing these continuous improvement practices, we increased employee productivity and overall organizational efficiency which reduced costs through the reduction of non-value-added practices.

Brine, Inc. Milford, MA, Penn Yan, NY 1995 - 2000
Sporting goods manufacturer and wholesale distributor with facilities located in Milford, MA & Penn Yan, NY. Brine was the global leader in the manufacturing and distribution of lacrosse equipment, the official soccer ball provider of the NCAA, and the official volleyball of women’s professional beach volleyball.
Director of Information Technology
Hired to bring technology related expertise to an organization seeking to improve the existing infrastructure, prepare for Y2K, and start the transition to world wide web.
•Technical liaison and advisor for all departments as well as the executive leadership team.
•Research and create an internal proposal for a new warehouse management system.
•Negotiate new contract with selected vendor and spearhead the implementation process to ensure on-time delivery.
•Lead a team of developers and support personnel.
•Create the first organizational network including a company intranet, email server, and WIFI.
•Development and implement all custom solutions within corporate network-based architecture.
•Created the first company website and first B2B portal.
•Ensure stability of all hardware and software infrastructure as Y2K approached
•Hands-on development using Java and Progress 4GL.
•Database management of the Progress RDBMS and MySQL databases.
Nova Software Development Corp, Bridgewater, MA 1992 - 1995
Nova Software delivered manufacturing enterprise software for small to medium sized manufactures in the United States.
Manager of Technical Services (1994-1995). Senior Software Developer (1992-1994)
•Lead the technical staff in the design, development, maintenance, and support of IMPACT, manufacturing enterprise system.
•Hands-on development utilizing C, Accell IDS, and the Unify ELS database.
•Provided technical guidance during the sales cycle.
•Configured and installed application servers at the client’s location.
•Provide technical support to clients
•Generate quotes for client customizations.
Versyss, Inc, Westwood, MA 1990 - 1992
Versyss provided software for small to large medical offices through the U.S. and Canada. The software included doctor and patient scheduling, electronic billing, transcription, and payroll.
Senior Programmer Analyst
•Programming with C and CADOL.
•Prioritized work for a group of three developers
EDUCATION

M.S., Information Systems, Technology/Management, Bridgewater State University
B.S., Computer Science, Minor in Mathematics, Bridgewater State University
CERTIFICATIONS & ASSOCIATIONS

CSM (Certified Scrum Master) http://www.scrumalliance.org
CCISO (Certified Chief Information Security Officer) http://www.eccouncil.com
CBCP (Certified Business Continuity Professional) https://www.drii.org
Contact this candidate