Jose G. Delvalle Bueno
Stamford, CT *****
646-***-**** • adhors@r.postjobfree.com
Director of Information Technology
Multifaceted technical career with excellent track record of leadership and innovation
Continuously improved systems to substantially increase productivity of business operations
Proven capacity in supervising collaborative undertakings
Distinguished IT professional with extensive working experience in a diverse range of technologies within industry settings. Demonstrated success managing networks, software implementation, consultation services, and IT support teams. Proven ability to implement standards, procedures, and processes that improve business functionality and efficiency. Solid leadership and organizational skills in supervising and motivating team members to maximize level of productivity while forming cohesive team environments. Exemplary record of achievements in delivering secure enterprise solutions that maximize productivity and reduce operational costs. Dynamic business leader with strong technology acumen coupled with a Master’s degree in Technology Management from Columbia University.
Technical and Management Strengths:
•Project Management
•Internal Systems & Control
•Strategic IT Roadmap
•Risk Assessment
•Security Management
•Innovative IT Initiatives
•Network Engineering
•Business Continuity
•Disaster Recovery
•Systems Management
•Software Architecture
•Systems Integration
•Technical Support
•Team Building/Leadership
•Database Management

Professional Experience
Healthcare partnership company, 07/2016 – Present
***Stamford Health and St. josephs Medical center are part of this healthcare partnership***
Stamford Health, Stamford, CT
IT Manager/Acting IT Director, 07/2018 – Present
Core Technologies: Cisco ASA 5500 series, Cisco Prime, Nexus 5K, 7K, 9K, VMware ESXi 5.1/6.0/6.5, OSPF, EIGRP, BGP, IPsec VPN, AnyConnect SSL, DMVPN, Windows Server 2008R2/2012R2/2016, Citrix XenAppXen/Desktop 6.0/7.9/7.15, Netscalers, EMC VNX, XtremeIO, Purestorage, Isilon, Networker
Responsible for the design, installation, maintenance, and retirement of the systems and personnel that are at the core of the organization. This includes oversight of networking, servers, and desktop support. Responsiblilies also include establishing strong partnerships with external vendors to set clear expectations, most importantly, ensuring that standards and procedures are in place for the technical teams to work together in a consistent manner and enabling the organization to be more agile and more adaptable to change.
Key Achievements:
Architected the expansion of virtual server environment, increasing application performance across the enterprise and minimizing hardware footprint in the data center.
Executed migration, upgrade and deployment of Citrix XenApp 7.15 environment and coordinated initial end-user training.
Troubleshooted network systems and recommended improvements to infrastructure.
Promoted ITIL-based policies and procedures that addressed incident, problem and change management.
Managed IT operations and infrastructure budgets, assets. contracts, and vendor negotiations.
Defined requirements for a new help-desk ticketing program that improved overall reporting and visibility of operational performance metrics
Proactively and effectively managed day-to-day IT support requests and resolution workflow for technical operations issues. Reduced helpdesk service requests by 30%.
St. Joseph’s Medical Center, Paterson, NJ
IT Manager, Infrastructure Services, 07/2016 – 07/2018
Core Technologies: Cisco ASA 5500 series, Cisco Prime, Nexus 5K, 7K, 9K, Palo Alto, LDAP, VMware ESXi 5.1/6.0,, OSPF, EIGRP, BGP, IPsec VPN, AnyConnect SSL, DMVPN, Windows Server 2003/2008R2/2012R2, Bradford, Exchange 2010, SaaS, Citrix XenApp 4.5/6.0/7.9, Netscalers, HP 3Par, EMC VNX, HP StoreOnce, Purestorage, Commvault, VeeAM, HP C7000
Responsible for the technology components and organizational goals of the hospital along with ensuring effective delivery of infrastructure services and resources and working collaboratively with peers in application services in the planning and designing stages of project initiatives coupled with having hands-on experience with computer networks, network administration and network installation in conjunction with systems operations.
Key Achievements:
Spearheaded the infrastructure readiness iniative as part of a major EHR platform transformation project.
Led the infrastructure upgrade efforts for all ambulatory sites as part of a EHR transformation readiness deliverable.
Initiated a virtualization project for one of the main hospital locations using Pure Flash stack and Cisco UCS as part of a converged infrastructure effort.
Identify problematic areas and implement strategic solutions in time resulting in minimal outage or loff of productivity.
Facilitated the upgrade of more than 40 IDF closets to conform with Cisco’s Medical Grade Network best practices and minimize network outages due to legacy/faulty equipment.
Implemented escalation processes for the handling of priority tickets escalated to level 2 and 3.
Successfully developed a technical project management run book for all IT project iniatives.
Enchanced SLA/KPI by creating processes covering response time, ticket handling, and communication efforts.
Responsible for managing IT staff by recruiting, training and coaching employees, communicating job expectations and appraising their performance.
Ensure security of data, network access and backup of systems are in place in accordance with the information security team.

Axiom Technology Group, Stamford, CT
IT Manager, Technology Services, 08/2014 – 08/2016
Core Technologies: Cisco PIXs, OWA, RADIUS, LDAP, VMware ESXi 5.1/5.5/6.0, EqualLogic PS6100 SAN iSCSI, VLANS, NAT, AAA, TACACS+, MPLS and P2P circuits, OSPF, EIGRP, BGP, IPsec VPN, AnyConnect SSL, HSRP, Cisco ASAs 5500 series, Cisco Meraki, Windows Server 2003/2008R2/2012R2, Nessus Scan, IPS/IDS, FortiGate, Sonicwall, Barracuda, Exchange 2007/2013, Office 365, SaaS, Citrix XenApp
Direct all aspects of technical projects in accordance with organizational goals. Responsible for supervising the effective delivery of networks and development of disaster recovery systems.
Key Achievements:
Spearheaded the global deployment of MPLS project while ensuring circuits are installed with minimal delays.
Credited for the roadmap and plan development based on business objectives.
Facilitated the upgrade of more than 20 Cisco PIXs to Cisco ASAs, and configuration of remote client authentication against Radius server.
Led the rollout of Secure Desktop access to better manage content filtering and data loss.
Successfully developed a disaster recovery plan for systems, remote access, and core systems.
Commended for excellent work in expediting exchange email migration for more than 500 user environment with minimal downtime.
Implemented routing for MPLS and P2P circuits (OSPF, static routes).
Initiated the development of site-to-site IPsec VPNs, AnyConnect SSL, and IKEV1 remote access VPNs on Cisco 5500 series ASAs.
Successfully facilitated crucial upgrades for iOS images on Cisco devices across five sites.
Fast Retailing USA, New York City, NY
IT Manager, 08/2010 – 08/2014
Core Technologies: Cisco 1800 series, 2800 series, VPN, VoIP, EMC SAN, VMware ESXi 5.1/5.5, Qualys, AAA, MPLS, LAN, WAN, MPLS, QoS, Low Latency Queuing, FortiGate, Sonicwall, Barracuda, SaaS, IPS/IDS, Exchange 2007, 2010, RADIUS, IPsec VPN, Anyconnect
Responsible for managing team of 20 personnel to ensure key performance indicators like SLA and KPI are met, and for providing firm-wide infrastructure and end user support.
Key Achievements:
Enhanced network security by conducting rigorous periodic network assessments for internal and perimeter vulnerabilities, expediting key initiatives in network and system engineering for new security solutions and upgrades, developing vulnerability management process for systems and applications, and designing local and global security framework and systems migration plan.
Improved proficiency of staff by training them on network and information security procedures.
Led the rollout of stores for each brand in FR USA portfolio.
Initiated global integration with Fast Retailing Systems for network, computing, and security.
Credited for roadmap and plan development for security and compliance requirements.
Developed local and global security framework and systems migration plan.
Earned distinction in leadership for managing global initiatives with Japan-IT and Europe-IT.
Implemented Application Rights and Privileges for user access to applications and enforced single sign on capabilities for new deployments.
Successfully completed the standardization of WAN and LAN security architecture and deployment for corporate and retail networks across all brands.
Madison Square Garden, New York City, NY
Senior System Administrator, 7/2006 – 08/2010
Core Technologies: Quantum, data center, computer host systems, air-conditioning system, UPS (uninterrupted power system), fire protection system, AD, SCCM, DNS, DHCP, IIS
Responsible for providing troubleshooting services as required and leading problem-solving efforts involving outside vendors and other support personnel and/or organizations. Established guidelines and methods for the installation and management of the host computer operating systems, disk arrays, fiber channel switches, tape libraries, and other components.
Additional experiences as technical support engineer and supervisor in Datek Online from 2000-2006.
Education and Credentials
Master of Science in Technology Management
Columbia University, New York City, NY

Bachelor of Science in Computer Science
St. John’s University, Jamaica, NY
Certifications
ITIL v3 Foundation
Technical Proficiencies
Platforms:
IOS 8.2/8.3+, Windows Server 2003/2008R2/2012R2, Exchange 2007/2013, ESXi 5.1/5.5/6.0, vCenter, VRanger, Symantec Backup Exec, Commvault, VeeAM, AWS, Cisco Meraki, Citrix XenApp 4.5, 6.0, 7.9
Tools:
Nessus, Qualys, Wireshark, PRTG, SolarWinds, Smartsheet, Autotask, Remedy, Service Desk, MS Project, Wrike, Kaseya
Hardware:
Cisco PIX/ASA, Cisco 1800, 2800, 2900, 3800, Nexus 5k, 7k, 9k, HP G7-G10, HP Pro Curve, NETGEAR ProSAFE, Palo Alto, Dell PowerEdge, Datto, EqualLogic, EMC, Meraki Cisco, HP C7000, Cisco AP 2702, 2802
Contact this candidate