KEVIN SUTHERLAND
Phone 404-***-**** Email adhwyk@r.postjobfree.com

GLOBAL IT OPERATIONS MANAGER
Strategically aligning people, processes, and technology to optimize business performance
Skills & Competencies
Strategic Technology Planning
Vendor Management / Managed Service
Network Troubleshooting
Change Management
User Authentication Cyber Security
Business Continuity and Disaster Recovery
Virtualization (VMWare, Citrix)
Data Analytics (Adobe & Spotfire)
Public Cloud Private Cloud DevOps
IaaS, SaaS & PaaS
Azure AWS Rackspace
Service Fabric Azure Kubernetes Service
SCOM App Dynamins Splunk SolarWinds
Windows/Linux RedHat Linux AIX (Unix)
Six Sigma ITIL Agile Kanban Service Now

Trusted client advisor, certified project manager, and technical evangelist: Transformational IT strategy advisor with 20+ years of international and domestic experience championing strategic, operational, and technological solutions to solve large and complex problems. Demonstrated experience in managing business technology, IT infrastructure architecture, and information security within 24x7 operations environments.
High-performance customer facing and strategic leader: Reputation for motivating and inspiring global teams through the fast and efficient implementation of emerging technology innovations that raise revenues, decrease costs, and improve efficiencies.
Reliable and disciplined execution: Strong planning and even better delivery. Extremely skilled at working through people and managing the implementation of projects, on-time and within budget. Hands-on leadership style with a relentless focus on delivering high-impact projects while maintaining an environment of collaboration and teamwork.
IT Operations • Network Operation Center (NOC) •
Data Center • Infrastructure Management
Service Desk (L1 – L4) • Site Reliability Engineering
PROFESSIONAL HISTORY
Ernst & Young Atlanta, GA
Assistant Director – Global Infrastructure & Platform May 2017 – Present
Accountable for the service delivery and performance of $14M infrastructure hosting budget for Azure & AWS Public, Private & Hybrid Cloud. Provided leadership in planning and managing all aspects of IT infrastructure & DevOps (Provisioning, Monitoring, Infrastructure Support, Application Support, Information Security & Hosting). Collaborated with stakeholders on Infrastructure roadmap and capacity planning of all future growth. Built, coach, develop, and lead managed service onshore and offshore engineering teams in Buenos Aires and India and contractor staff. Mentor teams in personal development within the firm.
Reduced Azure operating expenses by 28% through rightsizing, auto-scaling, and shutting down servers during off hours
Global responsibility for Business Continuity and Disaster Recovery planning, testing and execution.
Responsible for monitoring Key Performance Indicators (KPI) and Service Level Agreements (SLA) for Global Infrastructure.
Implemented process improvement and deployment monitoring tools resulting in reducing outage time to recovery 23%
Operational responsibility for Atlas Content Management & Smart Automation platforms for over 95,000 users worldwide
Manage Change Management process of portfolio solutions through to production, ensuring readiness and deployment criteria are met resulting in predictable production release results, reduced user reported incidents, increased customer satisfaction, and less deployment downtime

Ernst & Young Atlanta, GA
Assistant Director – Infrastructure Technical Manager January 2014 – May 2017
Responsible for the consolidation of multiple Regional Datacenter to Global Datacenters. Managed projects within IT Infrastructure space (Server, OS, Networking, Virtualization). Operational responsibility for 24x7 support of regional datacenters
and for all P1Sx Incidents. Supported R&D Team responsible for AWS & Azure Cloud rollout.
Project resulted in annual cost savings of over $2.5M, reducing impact to business users due to reduced downtime for patching, and reducing operation headcount by 27% resulting in saving an additional $410K annually
Proactively managed the technology lifecycle of patching to ensure appropriate software updates are deployed

Matrix Resources Ernst & Young Atlanta, GA
Infrastructure Manager – Consultant March 2013 – December 2013
Responsible for full infrastructure buildout (physical plant, wiring & telecommunications) of regional datacenter. Responsible for directing and supporting the implementation of regional data centers facilities. Monitored and controlled the work to ensure that the project remains on track and in control.
Deployed 15 regional data centers in 7-months, 2-months ahead of project schedule allowing the client to deliver external client ahead of schedule and secure ongoing contracts
Managed 8 onshore and 22 offshore resources

Amovius Melbourne, FL
IT Operations Manager August 2012 – February 2013
Responsible for management of the complex large-scale infrastructure & development projects from project definition/scope through implementation. Developed project plans and drove project milestones. Estimated the scope of work to develop budgets from $100K-$750k and facilitated resourcing decisions.
Vertafore Conyers, GA
ECM Implementation Manager January 2010 – March 2012
Managed multiple projects implementing the large complex Agency Management and Enterprise Content Management System/workflow system (cloud and on-premises based systems). Responsibility for project budgets up to $5M along with the time & expenditures within the limits of the project's budget and schedule. Planned the provisioning and system integration and of all server and desktop components.
Reduced paper handling operating expense of clients by over 38% by implementing Content Management and Workflow solutions
Designed and managed the conversion from other 3rd party vendor ECM systems to the ImageRight platform

BRT Consulting Atlanta, GA
IT Operations Manger November 2007 – December 2010
Accountable for the management of software development teams with up to 10 Developers, DBA, and QA resources, responsible for creating custom software applications. Managed the deployment of IBM Tivoli Identity Manager and Oracle Access Manager for multiple clients, software conversion project for custom applications built in VB6 to VB.NET, and multiple infrastructure upgrades from Windows XP to Windows 7.

Cox Enterprise, Inc. Duluth, GA
Senior Project Manager – Consultant July 2007 – August 2008
Accountable for managing the project performance (budget, earned value, cost performance index, schedule performance index) with respective budgets up to $2M. Managed the relocation, system engineering, provisioning/build out of the ECM / Identity Management and Intranet environments, redeployment project of Electronic Content Management / Document Capture system for Human Resource, and the deployment of Web & Mobile application Corporate Security departments.

UroMed Alpharetta, GA
Senior Project Manager – Consultant January 2007 – July 2007
Managed redeployment project of web-based Customer Relationship Management system (SalesLogix). Responsible for the system infrastructure build-out and re-alignment to meet growing business needs. Managed e-commerce project team on the implementation of new servers & web sites for parent companies’ subsidiaries. Developed system specification to integrate inventory and healthcare reimbursement system.

Datamatx Atlanta, GA
Director of Information Technology August 2005 – January 2007
Responsible for 24x7x365 Data Center operations. Managed Software Engineering team responsible for the development of customer communication and electronic data and payment solutions. Responsible for compliance with Payment Card Industry (PCI) security standards and SAS70 compliance.
EDUCATION
Bachelor of Science – Computer Science, Salem State College
Certifications: Project Management Agile & SAFe Agile Document Imaging Architect CISSP, Pending
Project Management Professional (PMP), Project Management Institute
Six Sigma Green Belt
Contact this candidate