Gil Jensen

South Lyon, MI 616-***-**** adhw2i@r.postjobfree.com linkedin.com/in/giljensen giljensen.workfolio.com

Information Technology Director

IT Infrastructure Services Application Development Change Management Enterprise Solutions
Process Reengineering Information Security Project Management KPIs SaaS
Team Leadership Database Design and Management Agile Methodologies ERP Systems
Customer Service Automation Information Services Continuous Process Improvement
Solutions-driven IT Director with a proven track record of implementing and managing large-scale systems and global teams. Consistently drives overall enterprise improvements in highly competitive business environments. Extensive experience with embedded software development and distributed systems with an emphasis on web-based and messaging systems.
Expertise in:
●Building, implementing and managing enterprise-level IT systems
●Identifying root causes of complex issues and providing next-level solutions
●Developing sound data security and mitigating new risks as they emerge
●Establishing collaboratively derived business requirements
●Effectively hiring and leading high-performing international teams
Experience
Visteon Corporation, Van Buren TWP, MI
IT Manager (July 2014 to May 2020): Led Global Operations and Application Development teams, guiding strategic planning, operational controls, applications, and change management across enterprise. Focused primarily on development and support of messaging applications and build systems. Managed all IT aspects of opening satellite sites completely on time and on budget. Member of team that implemented formal DevOps practices within enterprise. I am Hands on with Python and shell scripting
●Organized and advertised 10+ quarterly Jenkins user group events with 100+ invited participants in six countries
●Successfully supported IT in the launch of a manufacturing plant in Thailand. Application needed to be retrofitted for the Telephone Control Unit (TCU) modules in the Chinese market and significantly modified to be compatible with the older technology. Changes were made on time and under budget.
●Reduced WAN traffic utilization by over 50% by installing Squid and Jenkins servers utilizing Windows and Linux in three global engineering locations.
Johnson Controls, Global diversified technology and industrial leader
IT Manager for the Americas (July 2011 to July 2014): Led on-site IT teams in the U.S., Mexico, and Brazil. Managed the design, development,and support of global applications to improve manufacturing processes. Was key member of global IT leadership team. Managed several customer facing systems including direct interfaces as well as data exchanges using waterfall and agile methodologies. Managed major incidents as they occurred (MIM).
●Designed secure solution to TCU hacking of an international automotive customer. TCU was a mass production unit that had been hacked by Chinese criminals due to shared password on all units. Led team that designed system that would generate unique passwords to be programmed into modules during manufacturing, minimizing potential hacking. Organized and advertised 10+ quarterly networking events with 500+ invited participants in six countries
Software Configuration Manager (November 2008 to July 2011): Managed multiple critical engineering processes and systems. Owned Supply Chain Management (SCM) application with 100+ global developers. Defined and implemented configuration management processes across a global engineering team in four countries. Helped implement agile methodologies for global engineering teams. Defined and implemented formal DevOps practices within the enterprise. Managed major incidents as they occurred (MIM).

●Successfully built a manufacturing provisioning system for OEMs. Led team that developed a system to take data from network suppliers and insert into our manufacturing flow and program the data for each module to be then shared with the OEM (Honda, Mitsubishi, Ford, GM). The system was implemented on time and on budget. Managed all incidents and SLAs for impacted systems. Johnson Controls (built) and Visteon (Program Manager).
●Built custom ERP System for the electronics division
Software Development Team Lead (November 2005 to November 2008): Managed a team of JAVA, C++ and Power Builder developers and applications.
●Saved $500k by ensuring manufacturing facilities updated their systems according to schedule. Directed team developed a system that deployed newly compiled binaries to designated machines that would restart if the existing binary was older. Managed all incidents and SLAs for impacted systems. using waterfall and agile methodologies Johnson Controls.
Haworth, Holland MI
Web Development Team Lead (2000 to 2005): Managed web development teams in two countries. Teams located in US and Canada.
●Managed the Dealer information portal application utilizing IBM's WebSphere Portal, Lotus WEB Content Manager with Tivoli Site Analyzer.
●Lead overall team of 13 and project budget of 1/2 Million to deliver the Marketing Group a global portal application that streamlined processes, increased real time Market Data, and saved over $300,000.00+ annually. This project was used by IBM as a case study in how to quickly implement a portal and have produced a video used in seminars highlighting our team and approach
Greenville Tool and Die, Greenville MI
Information Systems Specialist/Web Master at 1997 to 2000
• Designed and wrote custom ERP solution using VB and MS SQL Server
• Desk side support for Windows and Unix based desk top systems and servers
• Network and System Administration

Education
Master of Science (MS), Information Systems Management, Ferris State University, Big Rapids, MI
Bachelor of Science (BS), Information Systems, Davenport College, Grand Rapids, MI
Certifications
ITIL Foundations, CSME, Inc., License 100330021, 2011

JAVA J2EE for oracle Developers & DBA’s I Themis Inc. JULY 2005

JAVA J2EE for oracle Developers & DBA’s Themis Inc. August 2005

Technical Skills
SQL, SQL.net, PHP, JavaScript, HTML/CSS, websphere content manager, Python, IBM MQ Series, C++, C#, Java, .NET, ASP.NET, ColdFusion, HTML5, Jenkins, Squid, JFrog Artifactory, Microsoft SQL Server, MySQL, Visual Basic, Linux, Microsoft Access, Windows Server, shell scripting, Oracle, Ansi sql, PL sql, t-sql
Core Competencies
DevOps, configuration management, Major incident management Project Management, Technical Requirements, Contracts, Staffing, Internal Stakeholders, B2B, Coaching, Cost Reduction, Performance Management, Data Center, ERP, Global Business Operations, Industry Experience, Computer Science, Innovation, IT Security, Customer Experience, Service Levels, Customer Service, Metrics, PCI, Performance Metrics, Policies, Industry Trends, Quantitative, Regulatory Requirements, Reporting, Strategic Direction, Technical, Training, Vendor Relationships, Vendors, Vision, Work Ethic, Can Do Attitude, Curious, Focus, Motivating, Accountability, Proactively, Dedicated, Entrepreneurial, Agile, ITIL, libm websphere, Project Management Skills, Technical Requirements, Contracts, Staffing, Internal Stakeholders, B2B, Coaching, Cost Reduction, Performance Management, Data Center, ERP, Global Business Operations, Industry Experience, Computer Science, Innovation, IT Security, Customer Experience, Service Levels, Customer Service, Metrics, PCI, Performance Metrics, Policies, Industry Trends, Quantitative, Regulatory Requirements, Reporting, Strategic Direction, Technical, Training, Vendor Relationships, Vendors, Vision, Work Ethic, Can Do Attitude, Curious, Focus, Motivating, Accountability, Proactively, Dedicated, Entrepreneurial, oracle
Contact this candidate