MARCUS BYERS
New York, New York *****
347-***-**** * adhyf4@r.postjobfree.com
Expert technical and business oriented management professional with a progressive career reflecting strong leadership. Instrumental in formulating like implementing advanced technological and business solutions to meet a variety of organizational needs. Delivered cost savings through vendor negotiations. Superior record of delivering simultaneous large-scale, mission-critical projects on time and under budget. IT Strategic Planning/ Business Solutions/ Team Leadership/ Budgeting/ Project Management Capital Expenditure Planning/ Contract Negotiations/ Vendor Relations/ Workflow Optimization Professional Experience
DIRECTOR OF INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY, ST. CHRISTOPHER’S INC, Dobbs Ferry, NY 2018- Present Serve as the Senior Information Technology Officer. Advises the CEO and Board of Directors on technology matters. Direct supervision of Technical Support and Application Support departments. Negotiate all technology vendor contracts and service agreements. Plan and execute agency Information Security Policies and Procedures including but not limited to HIPAA and NY SHIELD Act. Responsible for budgetary forecasting with needs of the organization in mind. Serve as primary
project manager for all major technology projects. Lead agency efforts in regard to workflow automation and optimization. Key Projects & Achievements:
● Implemented an asset tracking system that lowered equipment loss by 50% in the first 12 months.
● Managed a massive compliance project that brought the file system, email system, and desktop environment to standards.
● Introduced a Mobile Device Management (MDM) system. Returned mobile devices were recycled and saving the agency 70% on new equipment costs and replacements.
● Created a mobile SMS Alert System for staff using the Microsoft 365 platform.
● Implemented an ERP system to manage projects and track equipment buying and receiving.
● Help create a more flexible workforce that was more disaster resistant by investing and higher quality mobile devices and laptops.
● Created a 80% savings on a campus infrastructure project using Point to Point (PTP) wireless technologies.
INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY DIRECTOR/ COMPLIANCE OFFICER, Parkmed, New York, NY 2008- 2018 Serve as IT Director and HIPAA/ Medicaid Compliance Officer for and Article 28 Diagnostic and Treatment Center. Manage all websites (Joomla, Drupal, Wordpress). Manage VMware VCenter infrastructure and disaster recovery. Manage integrated security access system consisting of RFID door locks and IP Cameras. Manage EclinicalWorks electronic medical records system. Write and revise all technology and related Policies. Maintain and insure HIPAA and Hi-Tech Compliance. Negotiate all technology vendor contracts and service agreements. Key Projects & Achievements:
● Paper to Electronic Medical Records Conversion
● Conversion of Policy documents to a web-based system with version control
● Implemented and ERP for Inventory Management
● EMR Implementation
● Top 5 Google Search Engine Optimization in New York Market
● Disaster recovery policy with tertiary backup for critical systems.Manage a HIPAA Compliant Data Center Education and Credentials
UNIVERSITY OF PHOENIX 2006
Bachelor of Science in Information Technology
Contact this candidate