Ganga Chity

Phone: 703-***-**** adi5pn@r.postjobfree.com
Sr.IT Project Mgr/Sr. Scrum Master/ Agile Product Owner/AWS Cloud Security Program Mgr .
AGILE PRODUCT DEVELOPMENT ENTERPRISE IMPLEMENTATIONS SYSTEMS ENGINEERING SECURITY AWS.
Result oriented professional with 18+ years of experience in the IT field with sound Analytical, Technical, Organizational and Management skills.
Diligent IT delivery / project manager offering a proven record of success leading all phases of diverse technology projects and business programs.
Business strategist, plan and manage multimillion-dollar projects aligning business goals with technology solutions to drive process improvements, competitive advantage and bottom-line gains.
Excellent communicator, leverage technical, business and financial acumen to communicate effectively with client executives and their respective teams.
Expert in agile and waterfall project management methodologies. Known for ability to produce high-quality deliverables that meet or exceed customer needs.
Played various roles in Fannie Mae from last 13 years with focus on Technical Development, Business /Product Development and Project Management.
Has been working as a lead Scrum Master, Manager Proj mgmt, Product Owner, Program Lead, Stakeholder Integration Lead, Sr Business Analyst and Developer on complex Strategic Initiatives.
Extensive collaboration between Business, Technology, Test and Operational teams on new Initiatives.
Worked as business lead to identify product discovery use cases, conducting product scope working sessions with end customers and development team.
Leader in Group Transformation and Innovation events.
Worked on Enterprise Level large data Integration Projects – CDR, EDI, CSP, ADS, LAI, TAFS, UMBS etc
Implemented Agile methodologies from last 6 years.
Conduct functionality/scope sessions with all stakeholders and Impact analysis for any existing systems.
Key member of Executive/Director level meetings to discuss Program status and help with decision making.
Lead operational/control check points before production and worked with L2/L3 support teams for Implementation.
Key member in driving Digital products like single click deployment, blue/green implementation and Chat BOT etc .
Practicing as WOW (ways of working) change agent for last 2 years.
Worked and implemented enterprise wide Information Security tools. (access mgmt, DLP, Secrets Mgr etc )
Worked and implemented Container Security (Twistlock) for AWS.
Implemented various AWS cloud security tools POV’s and SaaS model evaluations with Vendors.
Active learner of AWS Cloud tools and process.

Skills Summary

Project Management
IT Project Lifecycle
Leadership
Program Management
Schedule and Resource planning
Stakeholder Integration
Enterprise wide Implementations
Innovation – Product poc’s.
Customer Engagement
Agile/Scrum/Lean
WOW (ways of working) practice
Technical and Business knowledge
Requirements Analysis
Product Delivery
Process Improvement
Testing and Compliance
Information Security
AWS cloud knowledge/practitioner

Cross-Functional Supervision
Team Building & Mentoring
Client Relations & Presentations
Business & IT Planning
Vendor Management
Product Demos

CAREER PROGRESSION
FANNIE MAE, VA/DC.
IT Delivery Mgr. / Senior Project Manager, 2005 to Present
SPRINT COMMUNICATIONS, VA.
BI Developer / Sr. Analyst, 2000 to 2004

Representative Programs List
Information Security – Secrets Mgmt / Virtual Cloud/DLP - Current
Capital Markets - UMBS - Single Security Program - 2019
Capital Markets - Treasury Accounting Future State (TAFS) – 2018
Loan Accounting Initiative (LAI) Project. 2016
Loan Sourcing Data Integration – ADS Project. (CSP / EDI) - 2015
CDR / NUC DM (Credit Data Repository)
Business Intelligence Development and Reporting.

Achievement Highlights:
Lead teams across broad technical, financial and business disciplines. Focused teams on business objectives and tracked progress to ensure project milestones were completed on time, on budget and with the desired results.
Mitigated risk factors through careful analysis of financial and statistical data. Anticipated and managed change effectively in rapidly evolving global business environments.
Defined processes and tools best suited to each project. Moved between agile and waterfall approaches depending on project specifics and client goals, creating detailed project road maps, plans, schedules and work breakdown structures.
Enterprise level Agile implementations.
Product vendor management and innovation POV’s.
Transformed business and technology teams to adopt Agile methodology through Release Train Model and active coaching of all Agile ceremonies.
Lead constant product backlog flow, grooming, sprints planning, product demo’s, retrospectives and product integration across scrum teams.
Education & Credentials
Master’s in Business Administration (M.B.A)
Bachelor’s in computer science (B.Sc.)
Agile CSM certified.
Agile SAFe Trained.
AWS Tech essentials certified.
AWS practitioner / associate architect trained.
Contact this candidate