LISA CROSBY
adip40@r.postjobfree.com Cell: 314-***-****

SUMMARY

IT professional with over 10 years of experience in IT leadership and management using a product-driven approach with leading technologies and solutions. Committed, innovative, and passionate about solving complex problems using new technologies. Experience developing Continuous Improvement and ability to execute and deliver to plan in matrixed organization managing the internal service delivery process in the end-to-end implementation of enterprise technology.

SKILLS

Process Development
KPI's (Key Performance Indicators)
SLA (Service Level Agreement)
Internal Audit IT
IMS Integrated Master Schedules
Cross Functional Teams
Project Management Office (PMO) Agile/Traditional/Waterfall
Project Charter and Planning
Earned Value Management (EVM)
AS9001/ISO
ITIL Foundation Certified
ISO 9001
SOX
IT Governance
Continuous Process Improvement
Primavera
Risk and Mitigation Management
VISO and SharePoint
Quality Assurance
Performance Management
MicroSoft Project
Compliance and Metric Reports
Application Development Mainframe
Matrixed Environment
Lifecycle Management (SDLC)
Disaster Recovery
Asset/Life Cycle Management
LRBP/ Budget Planning
Technology Roadmap
Geographically Diverse Staff
Operations (Service Delivery)
Microsoft Office Suite
CMMI

EDUCATION

Bachelors, Information Systems, Washington University St. Louis Mo

ITIL Foundation Certificate in IT Service Management

Information Security Certificate, Washington University St. Louis Mo

Supply Chain Management Masters Certificate, Michigan State University

Strategic Management Masters Certificate, Michigan State University

EXPERIENCE

Boeing IT Manager - Network Infrastructure Services (2016- )
Provide strategic vision and leadership in the development of a team of 15 Network Design Engineers a geographically diverse staff supporting continual growth Enterprise wide in both Domestic and International sites. Delivering services for appx 50 buildings globally (Seattle, OK, MO, TX, FL, VA, CA).

Accountable for enterprise infrastructure function, including SLAs, metrics and managing day to day network changes and end to end network Infrastructure.

Liaison between the customer and technical team. Maintain relationships with business to align technical needs and opportunities with business goals.

Manage new infrastructure requests for network devices and development of related operating procedures for over 20 IT infrastructure projects simultaneously.

Oversee the successful implementation of all Network Infrastructure Services (routers switches and wireless technologies (APs and RFID, data center, and LAN/WAN).
Implement Technology Insertions Plans and roadmaps providing customers with innovative technology to improve system performance and operational output.
Ensure Network System Availability 99.9%. Provided remediations to System Outages (IP Addresses, DNS, connectivity, and slow performance).
Ensure networking services at all sites are available with adequate capacity, security, and redundancy.
Oversee Asset Management inventory actions (vendors, configuration, device locations, user info, licensing, purchases, depreciations, disposal) to meet organizational goals.

Accomplishments
Successful development of new Network Infrastructure for Boeing Defense Systems (MQ25, Missel Defense, T-7A Red Hawk, KC-46A, F15, C17, CST-100 and 64 Apache), Boeing Commercial (777X, 737MAX), and Boeing Space (NASA, CST-100 Starliner, and International Space Station).

Led organizational level Network Life Cycle Asset Management driving strategic plans to provided integrated approach for optimizing assets for over 8000 network devices. Successfully implemented RFU (ready for use) plans associated with $11M of capital.

Implemented Network automated processes for the creation of network designs, user device identification, and configurations to ensure first time quality and reduce defects.

Boeing IT Manager – IS Hardware/OS Server Infrastructure (2011-2016)
Provide leadership in the development of a team of 20 IT Infrastructure System LINUX Windows Administrators to support continual growth in Cyber Security/APT organizations by providing Hardware and Operating Systems Infrastructure throughout the Boeing Company.

Provide Infrastructure services to Information Security organization supporting compliance strategies, technologies and GPO policies. Ensure assets are secured to minimize vulnerabilities.
Point of contact for technology migrations and issues. Ensure all Information Security compliance for Hardware/OS, GPOs, and Disaster Recovery are met.
Manage installation of all servers (Windows, Linux/UNIX) to support OS, DHCP, WSSO, Secure Token, AD domain controllers (Certificate Services, Federated Services, and DNS).
Organized approach to meet operation goals to meet security AEC (Availability Environment Classification) system availability levels for hardware, and SLA (Service Level Agreements) agreements.
Manage governance activities supporting IT Governance internal controls to provide a secure Identity and Access Management (IAM) solution that comply with SOX guidelines for Active Directory (password, User deletion, User accounts).

Oversee vendor technician services by daily engagement meetings to ensuring all requirements and delivery meet SLA and first-time quality standards.

Oversee the migration of IT security tools (Public Key Infrastructure (PKI), Secure Token user authentication, Reverse Proxy, Intrusion Detection Services, Perimeter Firewall Services, and Lightweight Directory Access Protocol (LDAP) Authentication).

Accomplishment

Successfully managed the annual regulatory controls ensuring compliance for SOX (Sarbanes-Oxley) Security Audits on Elevated Privileges password policies. Led all remediations and IT security risk findings by internal/external auditors.

Provided coaching and training to IT Infrastructure organizations in support of Aerospace Standard (AS9001) ISO 9001 Recertification Audits. Partnered with ISO 9001/AS9001 QMS focal to plan, develop and execute pre-audit reviews. Ensured IT organizations aligned to ISO 9001 to satisfy internal, government, and regulatory requirements.

Boeing IT Project Manager - Application Integration (2008 -2011)
Provide Project Management support to the Application Integration organization, an Integration Broker Environment for Complex Web Applications. Project Manager using PM Best Practices Waterfall and Agile methodologies.

Managed multiple software projects for BizTalk Server technologies. Deviations in scope and timeline communicated to stakeholders and escalated to Sr. Management.

Point of contact for customer requests during project execution and delivery lifecycle. Conduct internal audits to ensure team is following CMMI software guidelines (design development, estimating, testing, peer reviews).

Managed high-risk, complex business projects leading cross-functional teams to define and deliver business outcomes. Ensure project schedule, scope and quality objectives are met by monitoring, using metrics and controls to measure progress.

Provided weekly communications to stakeholders and Sr. Management regarding project performance using EVM methodology. Escalate all out of compliance variances.

Assist Sr. Manager with software development cost reduction efforts by providing strategies using Agile Scrum Methodologies and reusable Biztalk components.

Conduct project closeout and Internal Quality Audits to ensure project execution aligned with CMMI level 3 compliance.

Accomplishments
Process owner for Software Development. Developed new processes and tools to improve the software delivery with overall goal to reduce software development costs.

Successful in establishing a process framework to meet CMMI level 3. Documented standards for Project Management Including Project Planning, Quality Assurance, Estimating, Milestone management, Scope management, Resource forecasting, Metrics, and Change Management. Conducted internal audits and met all external auditor's compliance requirements.

Transition Software Development team from Traditional/Waterfall Methodology to the use of Agile (Scrum Methodology) to help reduce development costs and enable teams to deliver value faster, with first time quality and aptitude to respond to change.

Boeing IT Project Manager Finance (2006-2008)
Implemented AR Billing PeopleSoft 8.8 application with customizations to support the Accounting Business rules for the Boeing Commercial Accounting System (BCA) supporting the Finance Accounting Transformation Initiative.

Lead team of project managers, in development of the Integrated Master Schedule Integrated project plans that span multiple departments within the Finance

Engaged with Portfolio Management Office (PMO) to execute on strategic approach.

Conduct workshops to gather requirements for customization. Review System functional design documents, test plans and business process.

EVM (Earned Value Management) used for reporting project Performance (cost and schedule).
Ensure cross-functional dependencies and dependency mappings are identified. Worked with virtual team of developers in India. Manage the integration of vendor/subcontractor tasks

Host Gate reviews with PMO and stakeholders to obtain approvals of deliverables and plans. Report Project Performance and Recovery Plans to PMO weekly

Managed PM Schedulers workload and approved plans prior to final baselines review with PMO. Work with cross functional teams and ensure lessons learned are logged.

Coordinate with offshore team ensure deliverables are completed in time. Resolve reported issues timely manner adhering to SLAs.

Authorized schedule recovery plans, and risk mitigation plans. Forecasts and define resource needs. Obtain and manage project resources to meet project requirements.

Accomplishments
Implemented AR Billing PeopleSoft 8.8 application with customizations to support the Accounting Business rules for the Boeing Commercial Accounting System (BCA) supporting the Finance Transformation project.
Contact this candidate