Motivated and resilient individual, possessing analytical and detail-oriented mind. Ardent about Information Technology and willing to unleash the skills and knowledge acquired over the years for the development and progress of organizational goals. Seeking to gain hands-on experience while applying course work to the real world.

SKILLS

Project management.
Analytical, process-oriented and result-driven.
Ability to work with little or no supervision.
Self-motivated with great attention to details
Strong communication skills in both written and verbal form
Ability to work under pressure.
Self-starter with time management skills.
Ability to work independently and part of a team.
Savvy with software technology.
Creative, innovative and forward thinking.

Core Technologies:

Microsoft Office Suite (Excel, PowerPoint, Access)
PHP programming language
C++ programming language
C programming language
● Graphic design
● Python Programming Language

EDUCATION
Babcock University, Nigeria.
B.Sc. Computer Information Systems (Second class upper)
Date: 2014-2019

Topgrade Secondary School
West African Senior School Certificate
Date: 2008 -2014

Little Hearts Beacon Hill INTL School
First School Leaving Certificate
Date: 2000– 2008

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
HR/Admin (Intern)
7even Interactive limited November 2019 – October 2020
● Formed and maintained employee records
● Updated databases internally,such as sick and maternity leave
● Assisted payroll department by providing relevant employee information.
● Assisted in Performance Improvements Plan.
● Assisted In The Efficient Performance of department In the Organisation .

IT Technical support (Intern) September 2019 – November 2019
Equus Trading and Logistics
● provided support for request in design of poster, banner, flyers and catalog.
● Assisted with troubleshooting network and system related issues.
● Responsible for overseeing and management of customer’s information security

IT Technical support (Intern)
New Horizon System Solution, Lagos, Nigeria May 2019 – August 2019
Collaborate with team members, customer service manager and client.
Provide support for technical requests, troubleshoot computers and printers.
Construe helpdesk needs into clearly defined requirements.
Ensure software and antivirus are up to date on the systems.
Assisted with troubleshooting network and system related issues.
Perform and manage backup, security, and maintenance for database development.

IT Personnel May – August 2017
Quantrimetrix Medical Laboratory, Lagos, Nigeria.
Provided support and problem resolutions for customers.
Built and maintained a successful relationship with service providers and customers.
Supported customers’ online queries and account issues.
Responded to incoming tickets using the helpdesk dashboard, email and phone.
Provided support and communication to other staff members facilitating a multi- disciplinary team environment.

ACADEMIC HONOR AND CERTIFICATIONS
Best student in Economics
Best student in Mathematics
Best student in Chemistry
COMPTIA A+ (New Horizons Computer Learning Centre)- 2017
Project Management (New Horizons Computer Learning Centre) - 2015
Customer Relations Management [e-CRM] (New Horizons Computer Learning Centre) - 2016
NSE CERTIFIED (Fortinet's Network Security Certification) - 2020
Contact this candidate