Michelle L. Dulfo
***-* ****** ***** * Milkweed St. Rizal, Makati City
Mobile: 091********

Experience:

Business Manager
Atomatic
August 2020 – Present
●Managing the business operations and ensuring the effectiveness within the company is kept to certain standards.
●Assist in resolving issues arising from core functions of the company with relevant team members to ensure that they are functional and improved whenever possible.
●Work closely with the CEO and core team members to ensure processes are being adhered to.
●Management of team members to improve peak performance.
●Monitoring of chokeholds and metrics within the company’s operations.
●Act as a point of contact between the CEO and the rest of the core team.

Virtual Assitant
Office of the CEO, HartNamtemah, Inc
May 2011-Aufust 2020
●Performed administrative duties.
●Project Management
●Conduct researches and proofreading
●Provide assistance to CEO with personal tasks.
●Manage CEO’s calendar to ensure appointments are not overlooked and all his social network accounts.

Business Control Officer
Citi
Makati City
Feb 2009-Jan 2013
Perform tracking reports based quality checks on collections and shared services.
Identify errors and communicate via reporting structure
Produce and report meaningful statistics to QA Manager
Identify training or procedural issues including Anti Money Laundering Act and provide solutions to QA Manager and stakeholders
Provide ideas of process improvement to unsecured collections management
Ensure all communication and MIS is provided in a timely manner
Participate in RCSA quarterly testing for unsecured collections within timeframe set by Country Compliance
Partake in Policy & Procedure reviews/updates within unsecured collections
Ensure compliance with Information Security Policy requirements within unsecured collection units
Awareness of CACS system issues and solution in progress
Communication with Manila, Sydney and Mumbai regarding QA results.
Conduct compliance quarterly review in preparation for annual risk review.
Participate in Call Calibrations to ensure service standards.

Collections CSO
Citi
Makati City
Jan 2007-Feb 2009
Perform collection follow up for past due accounts to minimize flow rates and delinquency level.
Ensure timely follow up and cancellation /restrain of front-end accounts in order to prevent account from further usage.
Obtain additional contact numbers, initiate requests for change in billing address of delinquent cardholders and refer them for maintenance and approval in a timely manner.
Investigate various problems relative to the cardholder’s balance.
Facilitate early detection of possible application fraud by initiating preventive actions, ensuring timely reporting to the concerned unit and providing feedbacks to superiors on suspicious accounts/portfolio behavior that may lead to fraud/contractual losses to the bank.

Acquisitions CSO
Citi
Makati City
July 2006-Jan 2007
Handled inbound and outbound calls for credit card, line of credit and personal loan applications.
Attended to existing customers who requested for card upgrade, balance transfers and credit limit increase.
Ensured that data are accurate for processing.

Customer Service Representative
Metrobank Card Corp
Feb 2006-July 2006
●Handled inbound calls for existing and new credit card customers.

Assistant Supervisor
People Support Phils Inc
Makati City
Aug 2005-Feb 2006
Responsible for day-to-day coordination of the workflow.
Maintained knowledge of tasks being coordinated thru policy, procedure, systems and product knowledge.
Maintained team members information in regards to time and attendance, productivity, quality and related work information.

eRep
People Support Phils Inc
Makati City
Aug 2004-Aug 2005
Reviewed approved applications and make adjustments to terms and conditions based on customer needs and lending criteria.
Demonstrated knowledge of the full range of auto products.
Used sales skills to effectively resolve customer concerns.
Educated customers regarding loan terms, products, and processes.
Conducted application verifications/investigations for fraud prevention.
Completed special projects as assigned.
Requested necessary documentation from customers as required for fulfillment.
Supported other team members in the achievement of department tasks and goals.
Contacted approved customers to guide them through the fulfillment process.
Clarified any loan approval conditions and stipulations as necessary.
Responded to customer inquires and follows up on requests in a timely fashion.
Interacted with other departments as necessary to provide seamless service to internal and external customers.
Provided back-up assistance for other teams when necessary.
Preserved the confidentiality of customer information.

Customer Care Professional
Sykes Asia
Makati City
Feb 2004-June 2004
Handled inbound calls for JP Morgan Chase Home Loans.

HR Staff
McDonald’s Phil Inc (GADC)
Makati City
Nov 2003-Feb 2004
Involved in the making of McDonald's HR Portal and HRIS, updates in employee database and 201 files.

Project Coordinator
Sara Intl Manpower Services Inc
Manila
Feb 2003-Nov 2003
Dealt with employers’ requests.
Conducted interviews and screenings. Represented the company in various job fairs.
Processed documents for employees’ deployments such as POEA clearance, Visa stamping, Employment Contracts, etc

Education:
BS Management of Financial Institutions
De La Salle University, Manila
2002

Certification:
IT Power Module 1
Informatics Computer Institute
Makati City
1998

Personal Details:
Date of Birth: Oct 20, 1979
Place of Birth: Pangasinan
Citizenship: Filipino
Religion: Baptist

References will be made available upon request.
Contact this candidate