KAMILL
KEY
District Heights MD, ***** 301-***-**** adjc9j@r.postjobfree.com
Skills Summary
Experience in Microsoft Office, Technical Support, Communications, and Software Updates. Well versed in providing instruction and advice to system users, analyzing problems and issues related to the information system software and other related software. Excellent at multitasking and communication skills.
Education
Bachelor of Science : Information Systems / May 2020
Liberty University, Lynchburg, VA
Dean's List Fall 2020 Graduated with 3.25 GPA
Coursework in Studies in Information Security
Coursework in Database Management Systems
Certificates
Active Directory- December 2020
Cyber Security Awareness- November 2020
Public Trust Clearance- November 2020
Training/Classes
Active Directory- November 2020
Cyber Security Awareness : House of Representatives - November 2020
Systems Administrator : House of Representatives- November 2020
IT Fundamentals -December 2020
Experience
Leidos
Washington, DC
PC Move Technician – Contract (November 2020-January 2021)
Perform set up and take down on a variety of systems and hardware components, including disconnect/reconnect of computer equipment and peripherals in the Capital and other Congress buildings.
Supported Leidos staff with transition period after the various elections.
Move, install, uninstall and configure personal computers and any associated peripherals for use on the network.
Solid Knowledge of Windows 7-10 OS, Active Directory and Networking.
Created wipe drives and Image drives.
Added users to the domain network.
Perform wipes on Systems of Congress members and their staff.
PXE Boot
Image Computers
Rename Computers
Connected computers to the VPN
Perform BIOS updates
District of Columbia Board of Elections
Washington, DC
Precinct Technician - Contract (October 2020 – November 2020)
Assisted Precinct Captains with opening and closing the voting equipment and troubleshooting basic problems as needed.
Received additional training to serve as precinct-based technicians.
Assist with the opening/closing of precinct machines.
Responsible for resolving technical issues to minimize voter downtime.
Second Church of God
Washington, DC
Information Technology Consultant (May 2018-May 2020)
Provided strategic and tactical advice on successful ways for using technology to achieve specific business goals.
Redesigned underlying systems and infrastructure to support new business systems.
Evaluated and resolved technical problems for the organization efficiently to minimize downtime.
Responsible for creating and setting up company emails for users.
Project Manager/ Database Management Systems
Liberty University Senior Project (August 2019-December 2019)
Elected Captain of Database Management Team Group Project
Created and implemented database designs and data models.
Designed and developed data structures.
Documentation / IBM Telecommunications Project
Liberty University Senior Project (August 2019-May 2020)
Developed and implemented procedures for preventive maintenance, backup and data recovery.
Consulted with clients to identify business and technical requirements for proposed system modifications and technology purchases.
Accurately documented user support activities, such as system problems, corrective actions, resolution status and completed equipment installations.
Skills
oCritical Thinking
oLeadership
oProblem Solving
oMicrosoft Office Suite
oTeam Building
oOperating Systems
oProject Management
oTechnical Support
oActive Directory
oITF
Contact this candidate