Tod Matchett, MBA
Boonton, NJ ***** 973-***-**** adjefo@r.postjobfree.com www.linkedin.com/in/tod-matchett/

PROJECT MANAGER
Highly effective senior technology leader with a successful track record of increasingly profitability by leading strategic global initiatives and managing projects that reduce costs and optimize business processes with Cloud Technologies. Foresighted strategist who has earned the respect and gratitude of partners by building and automating processes that monitor and ensure the availability of critical business systems. Diplomatic team builder who balances the interests of diverse stakeholders to forge consensus and drive corporate objectives. Dynamic problem solver with strong written, spoken and cross-cultural communication skills at all levels. Disciplined technology governance professional who ensured compliance with internal and external regulators by anticipating and quickly addressing potential threats.

KEY COMPETENCY AREAS

Wire Transfers
Agile Methodology
JIRA/SCRUM
Business Analysis
Data Base Technology
Cybersecurity
Technical Decision
GIT Repository
ITSM
MQ Msg Infrastructure
DevOps
Distributed/Mainframe
Budgeting/Project Plan
Microsoft Project
Release Management

EXPERIENCE
Berean Technology Solutions, New York, NY June 2019 - Current
Vice President, Technical Project Manager
Technical Project Manager for Windows 7 to Windows 10 conversion. Converting 26,000 Clients to new hardware and Citrix Cloud Windows 10. Co-ordination of technical resource, hardware, delivery and conversion to Windows 10 on Citrix. Logistics for multiple agencies, departments locations and shifts to deliver critical applications and hardware on time with sensitive schedules.

JP MORGAN CHASE, New York, NY May 1998 – May 2019
Vice President, JPM Global Wealth Management Product and Support
Coordinated and completed work from business requirements, functional requirements to for four Lines of Business (LOB), organizing requirements, testing, dress rehearsals and production release utilizing Agile methodologies, Cloud Foundry and Angular development tools. Held frequent team design and status meetings with offshoring and domestic teams completing code releases and system enhancements.

Established SWIFT Interface through firm standard SWIFT Bus for “Real Time” time interface to SWIFT international payment instructions exchange system. Messages for corporate actions, settlements and foreign exchange go real time to SWIFT, improving performance, eliminating batch interface and reducing maintenance and testing cost.
Payment products for SWIFT and FIX protocol with real time transfers, working thru design, UAT testing, Production.
Rescued cross-LOB Client Reference Data (CRD) project by taking over as PMO midway through the assignment. Oversaw 18 project managers to release enhanced CRD data structures on time and within budget, resulting in improved system performance and integrated data from another reference data system.
Upgrade vendor external feeds using VPN and secure internet protocol. Upgraded SWIFT real-time feed to conform to current release levels. Upgraded applications after penetration test revealed potential vulnerabilities.
Upgraded Information Security changes for applications to comply with regulatory and internal controls. Protecting client information and reducing any unnecessary data to Production and UAT environments.
Worked with IAM reviewing design and assign security levels group rolls, minimizing entitlements for business and support teams.
Automated process to bring “In House” over $1.2 Billion in RSU shares through the Executive Compensation project, organizing requirements, testing, dress rehearsals and production release.
Added 20k new clients to bankers/advisers managing and selling new products.
Improved data integrity and reduced FTE count by expanding automation from annual process to quarterly automation.
Developed and deployed Connect Cloud Communication Tool to production using private cloud in Amazon Cloud infrastructure. Migrated application using light switch and Splunk tools to maximize cost effective utilization.
DevOps Cloud design allows build team proper security access to data and infrastructure correct issues and view logs with access controls and timely access to relevant containers.
Process automation communicated business requirement into system design with build teams and presented progress reports to steering committee and stake holders.
Initiated Cross LOB teamwork and reduced cost by streamlining process and hardware cost, freeing two (2) full time resources to focus on effectively marketing products.
Realized over $300K in annual cost efficiencies and productivity improvements by coordinating four IT project teams to replace vendor Margin system software with an internally developed package.
Enabled JPMC to realize over $2MM in expense reductions and productivity improvements by pioneering the Private Bank’s first offshoring initiative. Positioned businesses to achieve significant economies of scale from offshoring operations support to Mumbai, India, successfully executing support for 50 applications. Designed and planned offshoring model adopted as organizational best practice and used by subsequent groups.
Reinforced data security by insourcing processes that exposed sensitive information to external consultants. Worked with diverse India teams to ensure proper knowledge transfer from vendors to JPMC employees was seamless and efficient.
Reduced expenses over $2.5MM over three-year period, while increasing number of applications supported from 70 to 120 by eliminating redundant positions and reorganizing talent for optimal efficiency and productivity.
Developed “Alert processing” that provided early warning of issues before they appeared to business partners, enabling technologists to earn credibility with the business by averting risks and making timely corrections.
Met or exceeded goals for prompt evaluation and resolution of system outages, consistently (“Mean Time to Repair”) by leveraging strong collaborative leadership skills to organize and coordinate multi-disciplinary repair teams and identify a low risk path to operation.
Prevented reoccurrence of outages by leading a root cause analysis for each “priority 1” incident. Repeat issues were prevented and risk managed by understanding issues and preparing corrective steps.
Responded to 300% to 500% extra volume causing delays at the end of each month by analyzing job dependencies, reordering priorities and batch tuning to streamline processes and meet all SLAs.
Designed Disaster Recovery (DR) steps and procedures that ensured technical recovery plans were well documented and executable. Met regulatory requirements for annual DR test for each production platform.
-Conducted various end-to-end disaster recovery exercises for critical application suites across multiple data centers. Resolved issues during exercises and managed first day production support.
Prevented cross-application outages and production downtime by reviewing and analyzing Enterprise Change Management plans to identify and facilitate resolution of conflicts, as Release Management Coordinator,
Guided teams in resolving difficult resource and scheduling conflicts by providing governance protocol and project management oversight needed to balance risk and business functionality.
Increased efficiency and quality of systems development by enhancing resident work order software to standardize terminology between build managers and operating teams, thereby reducing manual intervention and human error.
Standardized terminology significantly reduced miscommunication and misunderstandings in communications between non-technical and technical teams and met increasing business demand for detailed interpretation of complex system issues, outages, bottlenecks and preventive steps.

EDUCATION
Master of Business Administration (MBA), Portfolio Analytics
Fairleigh Dickinson University, Madison, NJ
Coursework in Computer Science
Montclair State University, Montclair, NJ
Bachelor of Arts (B.A.), Psychology
William Paterson University, Wayne, NJ
Contact this candidate