Highly skilled telecommunications professional with experience in managing projects related to regulatory compliance concerns, reducing risk, reducing expenses, and other process improvement projects. Adept at managing cross-functional teams of subject matter experts and support staff to ensure top performance, while maintaining a team environment that encourages collaboration. Proven success in project management from strategic planning through testing and implementation.
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Contractor, Executive Director
Cobb Community Alliance to Prevent Substance Abuse (CCAPSA) 2019
Recruited to turn-around the organization’s operational and financial performance in order to drive sustainable growth. Responsible for the P&L and executive management of all departments.
Introduced multiple process improvements such as budgeting and monthly operational / financial reviews to identify risks and implement action plans to resolve concerns.

Contractor, Data Discovery Analyst
Genuent, LLC (Aflac) 2018
Managed data discovery project to review over 7,000 files in order to document and separate information based on strict regulatory requirements regarding protecting private patient information.

Technology Compliance and Audit Manager, Risk Management
Birch Communications, Inc. (Formerly Cbeyond) 2014 - 2017
Planned, developed, and administered risk & compliance management programs with a focus on information security of company and client data, and ensuring compliance with regulatory requirements such as CALEA, CPNI, PCI, HITRUST, and E911. Fostered the evolution of a culture of collaboration, cooperation, and communication with respect to risk and compliance issues.
Created new and revised existing policies and procedures to reduce risk of fines & penalties.
Reviewed client contracts, corporate website, and online client portals and coordinated changes and updates to ensure compliance with E911 Voice-over-IP (VoIP) regulations.
Led investigations on reported compliance violations & presented findings to senior leaders.
Acted as liaison to internal and outside counsel for complex legal issues and audit defense.

Network Planner
Planned and executed a broad array of cost reduction and efficiency improvement projects.
Executed an E911 initiative that yielded $215K in cost savings.
Negotiated vendor contracts that eliminated $1M in expenses.

Project Manager
Effectively managed over 70 client projects supporting products and services such as MPLS, VoIP, cloud servers, and PBX systems. Mentored and trained new project managers.

Project Manager / Complex Service Assistant
FairPoint Communications, Inc. 2009 - 2013
Successfully completed over 400 outside plant projects per year for landline, wireless, and fiber network construction. Secured pre-project revenue ranging from $5,000 up to $30M.
EDUCATION

EXECUTIVE MASTER OF BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION
Colorado Technical University

B.S. IN BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION-PROJECT MANAGEMENT
Colorado Technical University

CERTIFIED – SIX SIGMA YELLOW BELT

SKILLS

// PROFESSIONAL

Project Management
Leadership
Problem Solving
Process Improvement
Risk Management
Attention to Detail
linkedin.com/in/shannon-vest-emba
Acworth, GA
802-***-****
adjjdd@r.postjobfree.com
CONTACT
PROFILE
PROJECT MANAGEMENT PROFESSIONAL
SHANNON VEST
Contact this candidate