Edward L Walaski
Garner, NC ***** 919-***-****
adjl0g@r.postjobfree.com www.linkedin.com/in/edward-walaski

Information Technology (IT) Consultant
Ensure compliance & deliver projects on time

Experienced and skilled professional in IT Service Management, IT Strategy, System Deployment, Business Intelligence and Project Management Office (PMO). Good at building and maintaining strong work relationships. Great communicator and collaborator.
Expertise includes:
Waterfall & Agile Project Management Methodologies
Remedy Service Management Software
MS Office Products
ServiceNow, IT Service Management
CA Technology Clarity Software
Administrative / Operations Functions

Professional Experience

GREENE RESOURCES AT ELI RESEARCH, Durham, NC 01/2019 – 12/2019
Project Planner
Provided project planning and consulting to client in order to migrate outdated infrastructure into a modern cloud and premise global infrastructure.
Teamed with the Director of Information Security on developing the IT finance strategy utilizing the Technology Business Management (TBM) framework in order to identify and classify IT spending.
Planned the migration project for 300 international users to move them from local hosted exchange servers to Microsoft O365.
Planned and tracked the infrastructure build utilizing a hybrid model with Microsoft Azure and on premise server hosting.

METLIFE, Cary, NC 02/2014 – 07/2018
Production Management Consultant
Maintained internal and external applications in production environment. Identified and implemented solutions that optimized operating efficiency of production systems and processes. Led team in production support activities of medium-to-large projects.
Met 99% upgrade compliance within 1 month and 100% compliance by application launch, resulting in zero upgrade-related support calls by upgrading global salesforce with proper system security updates.
Delivered on-time deployment of MS Internet Explorer v11 to 44K employees within US by strategically managing schedule of deployments.
Ensured compliance of applications to run on MS Windows 10 for deployment of operating system globally by scheduling testing for 800 internal applications.
Edward L Walaski adjl0g@r.postjobfree.com Page Two

Increased product security within 1.2K applications by evaluating security compliance gaps and creating pivot table-driven Excel Workbooks comparing test results to guidelines.

NC VOTER ID PROJECT, Chapel Hill, NC 09/2013 – 02/2014
Project Planner, Data Captain
Volunteered as part of planning committee under Senator Eleanor Kinnaird to ensure all eligible voters in North Carolina would have correct ID required to vote in 2016.
Contributed to meeting project goals by specifically designing data mining of registered voters and building non-voters lists for 100 North Carolina counties.

KELLY PROFESSIONAL SERVICES AT MEASURED PROGRESS, Raleigh, NC 04/2013 – 05/2013
Quality Assurance Coordinator
Oversaw department that evaluated standardized assessment tests for 8th-grade mathematics in Arizona’s department of education.
Achieved 95% scoring accuracy by training supervisory team of 5 employees and scoring team of 60 employees on mathematical concepts.
Completed project 2 weeks before deadline by remaining focused and strategically leading team.

SYSTEM SUPPORT - SELF EMPLOYED, Garner, NC 03/2010 – 02/2014
Supported local businesses and private individuals with system setup, web design and training of hardware and software packages.
Built and maintained large customer base of local businesses and individuals successfully by networking with purpose.
Reduced turn-around time of hardware and software work 20% by modifying project schedules and using positive time management.

IBM, Research Triangle Park, NC 01/2000 – 03/2010
Transition Manager, Webhosting and Outsourcing Projects
Managed small-to-large-scale e-commerce environment and product deployment projects for corporations with global footprint.
Contributed to IBM’s entry into online automotive sector by managing 1st ANX network brought into IBM webhosting space for Toyota USA.
Led success of General Motors’ eBusiness market through build-out of secure hosting lab in IBM Research Triangle Park's hosting facilities.
Met 1-year target to upgrade networks and systems for Nationwide Insurance within Columbus, Ohio's headquarters by utilizing project management “Waterfall” methodologies.
Delivered computing technology upgrade for 30K employees for Unum Provident successfully through on-track project scheduling, supply management and company-to-company collaboration.

Edward L Walaski adjl0g@r.postjobfree.com Page Three

Education

Bachelor of Science (BS), Mathematics (Statistics), Truman State University, Kirksville, MO
9 graduate credits, Continuing Education (Masters’ Classes),
North Carolina State University, Raleigh, NC

Professional Development

ITIL Foundations - Versions 2 & 3
Graduate Certification for PMP - George Washington University:
Organization, Management & Leadership
Risk Management
Planning and Scheduling
Introduction to Agile Project Management
Advanced MS Project
Advance MS Excel
Contact this candidate