ANJALI AYYAPPASWAMY

E-mail: adjrae@r.postjobfree.com (: +1-267-***-****

Objective
Seeking to secure a position that fosters innovation where I can work on projects creating a positive impact for customers and the organization.
Hoping to be a positive contributor with my knowledge on Identity and Access Management

Professional Summary
5+ Years of progressive experience in various phases of Software development lifecycle in the area of Identity and Access Management, Java/JNDI and Web Services
Experienced in development of Identity Management (IDM) Connectors which was one of its kind implementations with a leading Banking and Finance client for integrating their applications with the IDM infrastructure
Good Working Experience of Build\Installation and integration of CA IDM Components Java 7 SDK, JXplorer 3.3,JBoss EAP 6.3.0,Identity Manager r12.6 SP5,CA Directory r12 SP14,IM Bulk Load Client r12.6 SP5,Pentaho Data Integration5.3.0,WinSCP 5.5.6 and CA Business Intelligence r3.3 SP1 in following environments Development,Test,Pre Production and Production
Got hands on experience with CA Identity Manager,CA RCM and Aveksa Products.
Configuration and developing the IDAM Suite as well as testing
Practiced in designing reports and Audit based on business requirement & Planning
Excellent knowledge and experience on Customizing Workflows, Forms, Rules and various processing scripts on provisioning, user entitlements, de-provisioning, self services and user authentication and authorization.

CA Role and Compliance Manager- Good knowledge in Access Governance concepts. Ability to understand the different data repositories like RDBMS, DS, Flat file etc and Knowledge about CA Role and Compliance Manager & components (Data import and export process)

Hands on Experience in CA Governance minder tasks like Application Integration, Universe creation, RACI model, Certification Template creation, Certification creation and campaign launch.

Have worked on various support tasks like Expediting the priority tickets, Maintaining the SLA and Reporting to the client on daily basis, Handling the Quality check for the process, Maintaining trackers related to productivity, schedule adherence etc. and Training and mentoring the new agents

DLP (Vontu) knowledge about the product internals and functionalities and have good knowledge on the Data loss prevention concepts.

Trained on following tools OIM,OAM,TIM,TAM,Aveksa,SailPoint,Symantec,Quest Password Manager,CA Siteminder,Cloudminder and FIM

Supporting and coordinating the Team size of 6 and Access Implementation specialists responsible for all the Access and Identity related tasks

Self-starter, Quick Learner, Team Player and interpersonal skills.

Technical Skill Set

Technology
Tools
Enterprise Security
Identity Management, Information Security - Policy & Process, Web service security
Programming Languages
Core Java
Databases
MySQL, Oracle, MS-Access
Development/Productivity Tools
Eclipse, EditPlus Editor, MS Office, WinSCP, Putty, Toad
E-Com Frameworks/Web Technologies
Java, JDBC, JNDI, CA Java Connector Server (JCS)
Tools
CA Identity Manager, CA RCM and Aveksa

Awards and Recognitions
Feather in My Cap Award for Excellent contribution on core IdM support activities – Wipro Technologies
CERTIFICATE OF ACHIEVEMENT Award for completion of the unified competency framework – Wipro Technologies
ATLAS Award received from client for complete knowledge about system and contributes towards process improvements & automations - Wipro Technologies
High Five Award received from client for superior support and teamwork - Wipro Technologies

Professional Experience
1.MasterCard International, USA

Responsibilities:

Support the workflows for Prepopulate, Entity, Rule generator adapters and Process task.
Join both Reconciliation and Provisioning for custom attribute.
Creation of tasks for lifecycle management of users.
Creating SIT/UAT Test cases and Technical documents.
Involved in developing Multilevel Approval tasks and develop Complex Approvals.
Using Trusted Source of PeopleSoft done Initial Reconciliation.
CA IDM Customization based on Roles like Contractor and Full-time.
Customizing/Configuring self-registration forms.
Organization level Provisioning to LDAP and AD with Exchange from CA IDM and User Provisioning/Groups.
Setup the environment for CA IDM with AD, MS Exchange & Oracle DB.

2.Lloyds Bank, USA

Responsibilities:

Create various reports in Aveksa like Orphan Account reports, Account Discrepancy reports, Role composition report, Identity Reports and Application attribute reports.
Analyze the application before on boarding to get extract of application with the user unique ID, access levels and permission and do deep dive sessions.
Implementation of Self-service feature, Password feature, Provisioning feature and policies in Aveksa.
To maintain user account workflows using form Joiner, Mover and Leaver.
Evaluate Aveksa by Life Cycle Management, Access Review/Certifications, Policy Management, Role-Based Access Control and Connector modules.
Set up parameters for every UER to define advanced functionalities, Basic and Behaviors Life cycle and Notifications.
Involved with existing Provisioning Team for the application in order to make it fit in to Aveksa and to get the existing User Access Management (UAM) model.
Manage Aveksa installation, integration, provisioning and connectors like AD, PeopleSoft HRMS. Recognize the risks and root cause to mitigate the existing risk in our progress.
Create/Amend/Delete user access for the on boarded applications using Provisioning application’s requests in Aveksa.
Implement and Schedule various types of User Entitlement Reviews for applications and databases in a timely manner to all the business areas across the organization.
Developing Work groups and Populations in Aveksa.
Develop Role Model Templates based on the applications on boarding by getting engaged with various business people and TS also.
Specify and upload application data feed on to Aveksa application.
Build new Aveksa based roles for the application on to Aveksa.
Follow finishing status of various types like entitlement owner, manger, application owner etc.

Academic details:

Master of Science in Information Technology in VIT India
Contact this candidate