ACADEMIC QUALIFICATION
Bsc Business Economics With Information System
University Of Mauritius
Diploma in Health and Safety Management
JR School (certified by New Zealand institute)
Higher School Certificate / School Certificate
London College
Computer Proficiency Programme (CPP)
EXPERIENCE
Accenture Services Ltd January 2017- September 2020
Risk and Compliance Analyst (Promoted to Analyst in December 2018)
Attended workshop in Accenture Prague and Accenture Bucharest and met with Leadership along with other cross-border colleagues.
Coordinated with Ernst and Young (EY) and PriceWaterhouseCoopers (PwC) Auditors for SOC1 to ensure that Client control for financial and security is being executed accordingly.
Coordinated preparation of service delivery in respective location/unit for certification and compliance programs across contracts, such as Sarbanes Oxley (SOX), Service Organisation Control (SOC1), Foxtrot, Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA), Medicines and healthcare products regulatory agency (MHRA), Utilization Review Accreditation Commission (URAC), Payment Card Industry (PCI).
Locally coordinated the implementation and maintenance of risk self-assessment programs across service delivery, such as service delivery representation letter.
Conducted and documented scheduled and on-demand reviews to assess the service delivery control environment to evaluate adherence to client identified contractual requirements, Accenture policies and standards.
Ensured that the identified findings and actions are tracked to closure. Reviewed evidence supporting closure of the actions.
Upon demand, provide subject matter expertise to service delivery compliance, control and information security.
Liaised with other Accenture functions, including Internal Audit, Global Asset Protection/CIRT, Information Security, and Risk and Quality Management/Quality Assurance, Legal/Contract Management, Policy teams, delivery centres, sales teams, and Accenture clients to ensure the risk management process is efficient and effective.
Strived to achieve relevant certifications in risk management and compliance, such as CPA (or equivalent) /qualified auditor, CIA, CISA/CISM, CRISC, ISO Lead Auditor/Internal Auditor.

Accenture Services Ltd July 2013- December 2016
Transaction Processing Associate
Travelled to France and Canada to Client Site for Work Shadow and delivered the knowledge as classroom trainer in Accenture Chennai and Accenture Philippines on processes: Procure-To-Pay (PTP), Order-To-Cash (OTC) and Record-To-Report (RTR).
Performed data entry and research in various systems and tracking tools.
Applied knowledge of processes and related systems to assist in identifying, assessing and resolving issues.
Assessed and resolved non-standard and standard issues or problems. Sought advice and escalated issues for problems identified which were outside the scope of the work.
Updated and maintained various systems/tools per standard process documentation which included:
Execution of transactions, conducting data verification, without minimal direction, entering data and retrieving information from group specific system.
Filing, archiving and retrieving documents (paper-based and electronic) using filing standards along with documenting all change in processes in the standard format.
Responding to information requests by searching, summarizing research results and compiling in requested format.
Coordinating the work of a small team in areas of high-volume transaction processing and training of new and/or more junior team members on operation procedures and policies.
Following established policies, procedures and methods.
Participating in process improvement initiatives and special projects as assigned.
Performing as a subject matter expert for complex processes.
Assisting in audit preparation and proceedings for both internal and external auditors.
Grays Ltd March 2010 - June 2010
Inventory Control Officer
Performed reconciliation of physical stock with the stock in the system.
Prepared the inventories, maintained the stock records using Oracle to enter the records and checked the supply invoices with the purchase orders.
Monitored the movement of stock from in and out of the warehouse.

Gamma Civic November 2009- February 2010
Assistant Timekeeper
Monitored the hours worked of machines and workers for payroll purpose.

PERSONAL AND KEY COMEPTENCIES
SAP, Oracle, Salesforce, DFM
Ability to balance priorities and co-ordinate work effectively.
Excellent team worker and organizational skills
Excellent analytical skills.
An aptitude for figures.
Ability to stay calm under pressure.
Can analyse large amounts of information.
Good written and spoken communication skills.
Client care skills..
Organised and efficient.
Good project management and team building skills.
Words, Excel, PowerPoint
Holder of a valid driving license (Private Car)
References:
1.Ramchunder Eshwantee (57497463) – Compliance Manager, Accenture Risk and Compliance.
2.Samuel Joseph (59429151) – Service Delivery Manager, Accenture BPO
Contact this candidate