Sudhakar Repalli
Experienced Cloud Operations Manager

Sudhakar Repalli
***** ***** *****
Ashburn, VA 20148
703-***-****
adkb46@r.postjobfree.com

Skills

IT Certifications

Education

Additional Information & SKills

●25+ years of Information technology industry experience managing designing, implementing, supporting, and managing large scale enterprise infrastructure environments, cloud computing and virtualization in multiple data centers
●Proficient in BCP, Disaster Recovery planning, risk rating and mitigation techniques and methodologies.
●Significant IT management experience managing 25+ person teams and massive $1M-$10M projects including data center migration projects and automation of IT Systems, building new technology infrastructure
●Experience and expertise with Dev Ops, Virtualization and Cloud Computing, Managing Unix / Linux & Windows systems, Automation, High Availability & DR capabilities, Service Management, Capacity Management, Product Management.
●5+ years of people management experience successfully leading technology professionals
●10+ years of managing regulatory, security compliance controls implementation and execution
●5+ years of experience managing service providers to ensure delivery of support services in infrastructure
●Experience and expertise in managing and delivering projects using Agile methodologies

Common Securitization Solutions/ Cloud Operations Manager
December, 2017 - PRESENT, Bethesda, MD
●Leading a team of Cloud Operations engineers responsible to provide 24/7 production support of highly advanced AWS cloud infrastructure spanning multiple regions and zones consisting of AWS services and software.
● Developing and implementing efficient processes with in the organization to address production support metrics such as faster incident responses, RCAs and providing permanent fixes there by ensuring reliable business platform.
●Oversee implementation of Information Security standards, Operational standards, controls in the organization.
●Manage External service provider to ensure that they are adhering to SLAs and providing agreed L1 support to the technology towers
FreddieMac / Manager - Systems Admin
December 2015 - December 2017, Reston, VA
●Managing UNIX server infrastructure consisting of 4000+ IBM AIX, Oracle Solaris, REDHAT Linux servers on virtualization technologies such as LPAR, CDOMs, LDOMS and VMWARE.
●Managed Operating systems patching and vulnerability remediation efforts using automated tools such as BMC BladeLogic and BMC threat Director tool.
●Responsible for managing processes that ensure security and standards compliance, controls to maintain uptime and reliability.
●Managed a team of 25+ system administrators to provide 24/7 support to internal customers..
●Managed running quarterly Disaster recovery exercises to confirm the resiliency and reliability of Disaster recovery infrastructure to meet business objectives and Business continuity planning objectives.
IBM / Technology Manager
April 2014 - December 2015, Reston, VA
●Built unix infrastructure in “Out of Region” data center to meet disaster recovery needs and meeting Disaster recovery planning.
●Provided 24/7 support and delivery of support services with the help of IBM technology staff consisting of 55 strong full time/consultants.
●Helped FannieMae client to fulfill their compliance needs by supporting SOX,internal,external audits. Managed timely and appropriate responses to SOX and audit enquiries.
●Implemented controls and guidelines recommended by internal and external auditors and information security organization.
FannieMae / Lead - Systems Administration
December 2003 - March 2014, Reston, VA

●Successfully completed a major project called IDSWAP to move production servers from one production data center to another to meet business goals.
●Participated in internal technical architectural and engineering meetings with the internal customers, engineering teams to help design better solutions.
●Provided 24/7 support to internal customers of technology infrastructure consisting of Sun Microsystems(Oracle), IBM,hardware and Solaris, Linux and AIX,VMWARE operating systems.
●Managed a team of unix system administrators as Lead guiding and mentoring at times to deliver best customer support services.
●Manage internal and external audits and SOX controls
IconSoft, Inc / Consultant - Systems Administration
June 2001 - December 2003, Reston, VA

●Performed duties as UNIX System administration at clients
●Built and maintained Solaris, Linux infrastructure for various clients
Taos, Inc / Consultant - Systems Administration
June 2000 - May 2001, Santa Clara, CA,

●Performed system administration duties at clients such as Hitachi Data Systems, Globix and Disney (go.com).
●Built and maintained Solaris, Linux infrastructure.

OSS, Inc / Consultant - Systems Administration
June 1999 - June 2000, Washington, DC,

●Performed system administration duties at client FannieMae
●Built and maintained Solaris, Linux infrastructure

NCR Corporation / Customer Support Manager
June 1997 - June 1999, Hyderabad, INDIA

●Managed pre sales and post sales support of NCR products at the customer site.
● Designed Technical Solutions with NCR products BancTec Check Processing machines, NCR ATMs, NCR computer products, Check scanning devices and teradata database systems.
Wipro Limited / Senior Customer Support Engineer
March 1990 - June 1997, Hyderabad, INDIA

●Provided 24/7 support services to company products such as Intel processor based micro, minicomputers based on Multibus-I and Multibus-II architecture running unix, windows operating systems
●Supported high end computer hardware such as rugged mini computers made with Military grade electronic components that can withstand higher/lower temperatures, Analog to Digital converters, synchronous communication controllers and other technically advanced designs
●Installed and supported real time operating systems such as IRMX (Intel Real time Multi Executioner) on intel processor based mini computers built on Multibus I, Multibus II BUS architectures

●RedHat Certified Systems Administrator
●Novell Certified SUSE 10 Administrator
●Sun Certified Solaris Systems Administrator
●Project Management Professional

●S.V.K.P Polytechnic College, Andhra Pradesh, India
Diploma in Electronics & Communication Engineering

●Language Skills – Proficient in reading and writing of at least 3 languages (English, Hindi, Telugu)
●Personal Hobbies - Reading books, learning world history, nature through watching NAT GEO/History channel documentaries, spending time with family and friends
●Volunteer work - serving as HOA president since 3 years and as a treasurer from 2005.
Contact this candidate