RICK LEWIS
Lake Como, NJ ***** 908-***-**** adkoug@r.postjobfree.com
IT Analyst – Cybersecurity Analyst
Clarifying the problem Identifying right-fit technology Engaging key stakeholders
Delivering creative solutions to protect IT systems
Go-to resource who gets the job done right
Take-charge IT professional with proven experience in developing policies and managing programs to protect IT systems from security threats. Fearless facilitator and persuasive security advocate known for ability to mobilize others in finding and implementing creative solutions to move companies forward. Meticulous project manager, a consummate communicator who clearly articulates goals and expectations and stays in the fray to ensure delivery of milestones according to plan. A “quick study” who readily absorbs new information and technologies to become the go-to resource for others.
Expertise:
IT Security/Forensics
Cyber Risk Analysis
Policy Development
Incident Response
Project Management
Core Competencies
Serving as IT resource, quickly integrating complex information to illuminate best go-forward options.
Maximizing system security, implementing policies and protocols that reflect the industry’s best practices.
Solving tough problems, seeing relationships and visualizing solutions that address system complexities.
Leading teams, laying out and engaging others in executing meticulous project plans.
Driving results, diligently pursuing goals to conquer the toughest challenges.

RELATED PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Access Information Management Shared Services, LLC 2013 to 2020
IT Security Analyst (2015 to 2020)
Advancing to positions of increasing responsibility, earned offer to serve as founding member of new IT Information Security department. Provided high-level support to SVP, helping lay groundwork to protect client information assets and secure client confidence in company’s security products and service offerings.
Initially tapped to provide help desk support for business as it entered period of rapid growth, ramped up to deliver consistent service excellence as business more than quadrupled. Initially handling ~20 requests per day for fewer than 500 employees, ultimately processed 100+ requests a day for 900 employees.
Gained highly favorable feedback as “lifesaver” who kept operations running.
Subsequently tasked to respond to security audit questionnaires – a task previously handled by SVP – gained mastery in new subject area to effectively navigate through nuanced issues and form well-constructed responses that were influential in attracting new business and retaining existing clients.
Earned recognition for response directly credited with securing new contract valued at $680,000.
Set up initial security controls for newly-acquired GRC outsource program to help address common security concerns and position company as an industry leader in information security.
Compiled and maintained glossary document to augment GRC application and cover knowledge gaps. Managed suggested changes to controls list, directing them to stakeholders for action.
Drafted company’s first Information Security Policy document – using ISO 27001/27002 standards as framework – that once approved by executive team, became basis of comprehensive security policies that strengthened standing with clients and opened new business as global threat landscape rapidly worsened.
Set up and administered company’s first-ever vulnerability management program, implemented to facilitate detection/remediation of network threats. Created mechanisms for using 3rd-party scanning reports to analyze, prioritize, and report threats. Testament to success, recorded no breaches or near-breaches during tenure.

OTHER IT EXPERIENCE

Various Contracting & Consulting Firms 2007 to 2009
IT Project Manager/Business Systems Analyst (Verizon, 2/2008 to 1/2009)
Senior Business Systems Analyst (NCS Technologies, 10/07 to 12/07)
Business Systems Analyst (UPS, 4/07 to 10/07)
Established requirements and led teams of up to 40 in designing and implementing IT solutions for well-known clients.
Managed frontline commercial website development initiatives for Verizon, conceiving and creating unique one-stop shopping experience for consumers. Analyzed comprehensive metrics regarding customer usage and system performance to lay out roadmap to achieve critical business needs.
“Imagineered” website to provide the best user experience. Visualized content, painting a picture so clear that designers were able to reproduce it perfectly.
Set requirements for creation of comprehensive integrated business solution for NCS Technologies that facilitated launch of new product line. Solution included web ordering, ERP, manufacturing processing and testing, bill of materials, and workflow management applications.
Facilitated development of proprietary CRM software solutions for complex set of national and international product offerings for global package delivery giant, UPS.

Charles Jones, Inc. (a subsidiary of Choicepoint, Inc.) 2004 to 2006
Business Analyst – IT Development
Served as project manager and business analyst, facilitating development of product and system solutions to meet the search and information services needs of clients that included lawyers, lenders, and title companies.
Led projects to upgrade firm’s software automation to provide better service to clients, meticulously overseeing requirements setting and documentation to meet stringent time constraints.
Delivered quick turnarounds on wish-list items related to portal and website development. Consistently met – and often exceeded – client expectations with consensus interviewing techniques that informed prototyping.

Iron Mountain Records management (formerly Pierce Leahy Archives) 1997 to 2004
Business Analyst – IT Development
Served as business analyst (and de facto project manager) for IT development projects for company in growth mode with locations in the UK, Europe, Chile, and North America.
Tasked by CIO to evaluate consulting firm’s recommendation against systems integration following acquisition of new company, conducted independent discovery to develop well-received position paper that countermanded recommendation. Once implemented, recommendation for integration allowed acquisition to immediately expand services and clear $30 million in profits over first 6 months.

EDUCATION/TRAINING

BA, University of California at Santa Barbara

CompTIA Network+ Certification Training

Proprietary Security and Privacy Training, Access Information Management

TECHNOLOGY SKILLS

Operating Systems:
All MS operating systems (advanced user)
Administrative Tools:
MS Active Directory/Active Directory GPO, AD Info, Hyena
Database Management
MS Excel, MS Access, dBase, SQL
Vulnerability Management:
Nessus, BAE/Silversky with RADAR interface, Qualys, proprietary vulnerability management tools
Applications:
MS Office Suite (advanced user), MS Project, MS Visio, MS Authenticator, MS Planner, MS Teams, Proofpoint (e-mail guardian program), ZenGRC, Logicalis ServiceNow
Contact this candidate