EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
Experienced results driven, trusted, leader and military veteran with over 18 years proven success managing multi-million dollars portfolios/ programs, and leading cross-functional, global teams on large-scale, complex initiatives, providing strategic thought leadership, vision, and a consultative mindset. Effective listener and stronger communicator with the capability to interpret ideas and issues cross functionally, strong facilitator able to gain consensus and align multiple stakeholders to buy-in to strategies. Experienced with deploying and utilizing proper project management processes. A change leader and manager in difficult situations.

Effective at driving solutions that bridge the gap between business and technology, utilizing my abilities to build trust with executives and stakeholders. Recognized problem solver able to manage ambiguous and complex environments, possess the ability make realistic recommendations and execute in a high demand/ fast-paced climate. Possessed the ability to manage large capacity of work through effective prioritization and excellent execution, while ensuring that processes are clearly defined, working efficient, and constantly being improved.

CERTIFICATIONS
PMP Certified, PMI-ACP Certified, Scaled Agile Framework (SAFe 5.0) Certified, ITILv3 Foundation Certified, Certified Data Privacy Solutions Engineer (CDPSE), Certified Information Security Manager (CISM) (pending)
SKILLS
Methodologies: Waterfall, Agile, SDLC, Kanban, Spotify, Lean DFSS, Scrum
Tools: Smartsheet, Jira, Confluence, Google Suite, MS-Office Suite, Microsoft Visio, Microsoft Project, ServiceNow
Projects: High visibility Data Center transformation projects, Application migration to AWS Cloud projects
Infrastructure refresh/rebuild projects, Application refresh projects
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Program/Portfolio Manager
North Highland/GPC, Atlanta, GA July 2018 – Current
Leads via collaboration and influence vs. authority, able to balance a strong strategic point of view with the ability to listen, adapt, and bring others along. Manage matrix teams in multiple environments, focusing on the delivery of new products/systems or upgrade of existing products/systems.
Manage all facets of multiple complex programs, in accordance with respective methodologies, while ensuring the business unit’s objectives align with the enterprise strategic goals. Responsible for delivering planning roadmap, and leading initiative.
Ensured that executive stakeholders, and team members receive consistent and timely communication regarding project status, issues, and risks. Removed roadblocks and impediments
Leads cross-functional activities, ensuring completion of the project on time, with agreed upon scope, within budget and of the highest quality.
Managed and delivered annual planning cycle with agile capacity-based budgets supporting enterprise vision and strategic commitments.
Develop strong cross-functional partnerships and relationships to support key PMO initiatives as needed. Acted as a liaison between the client area, technical organization, and other affected areas in planning, directing, and conducting the analysis of business problems.
Facilitated seamless collaboration and maximizes team performance by driving continuous improvement within assigned technical and/or non-technical team(s) to ensure rapid and timely delivery of business value and achievement of goals

Program Manager
Fiserv, Atlanta, GA Aug 2016 – July 2018
Led agile planning and delivery adoption through definition and adoption of a standard set of processes, tooling, and insights to drive highly effective matrixes delivering planning and prioritization in partnership with global product and business stakeholders.
Oversaw strategic programs being delivered, ensuring enterprise prioritization, delivery risks and blockers, as well as full collaboration is used to resolve any risk associated with critical path delivery.
Responsible for timely, high quality executive stakeholder reporting for global technology requiring updates on the overall strategic planning and delivery status.
Managed and droved critical commitment dates to ensure global technology engagement and alternative solutioning is pursued to drive peak delivery commitment.
Led supporting investment processes to ensure operational reviews and alignment to annual plans developed against enterprise vision and strategy.
Managed and delivered structured annual planning cycle with agile capacity-based budgets supporting enterprise technology vision and strategic commitments.
Provided leadership and training to matrix teams as needed in various methodologies to address business need. Participated with roadmap planning, backlog creation, refinement, and release management.
Removed impediments to team progress whether internal to the team or organizational in nature. Helped with risks, issues, and dependency management. Ensured appropriate progress tools, information radiators, and reports effectively provide transparency on team’s progress/productivity.

Sr. Project Manager/Program Manager
Blue Cross Blue Shield of SC, Columbia, SC Nov 2013 – Aug 2016
Led the planning and implementation of highly complex application and infrastructure program and multiple infrastructure projects in multiple environments. Managed program budget, deliverables, timeline, and scope appropriately to ensure the stakeholders’ needs are met.
Exhibited leadership through collaboration, cooperation, and communication across functional areas to ensure goals are achieved. Partnered with resource managers to ensure program staff and manage resource allocation
Managed program and projects through all phases of the SDLC process, including project initiation, requirements, design, development, testing, implementation, and post implementation review.
Actively mapped, studied and addressed risks and issues by elaborating a mitigation/response plan and while proactively tracking its execution.
Mediated internal issues and conflicting priorities among cross-functional teams to keep the team focused on delivery. Track project budget and resource utilization across projects which could be under different programs.
Quickly learned and adapted to operations changes in a fast pace environment. Demonstrated leadership and ability to work with various roles, personalities, and demanding stakeholders

Sr. Manager, Program/Portfolio Management
Department of Army, Atlanta, GA May 2003 – Nov 2013
Led the Program Management Office (PMO) and setup, refined and standardized project management processes. Led and managed all software and infrastructure projects to overall success working with the PM's and ensure SDLC methodology were adhered to on all projects.
Acted as a thought partner for business units, identified PMO opportunities, helped to shape strategic plans, and drive the planning process and executions. Drove critical commitment dates to ensure global technology engagement and alternative solutioning.
Led matrix teams and external partners within multiple organizations to provide relevant and actionable project insights to the business units and ensure completion of project tasks.
Kept moving the projects forward, identified obstacles and risks early on, and escalated issues timely and find ways to solve in alignment with stakeholders. Understood and represented Executive Management's perspective, issues, and requirements.
Managed key linkages or dependencies that are needed to complete the projects. Determined ongoing reporting or mechanisms to continue to sustain the benefits that were intended by the project
Established and led executive sponsorship and governance. Developed and aligned complex program roadmaps, diverse stakeholders, and inter-dependencies. Provides people development, coaching and mentoring of others.

EDUCATION
Master Certificate: Information Security-Government/Non-Government
Villanova University, Villanova, PA 2015
Master Certificate: IS/IT Project Management
Villanova University, Villanova, PA 2014
MBA: Logistics
Trident University International, Cypress, CA 2013
BBA: Information Technology
Columbia Southern University, Orange Beach, AL 2012n
Support delivery of project commitments for complex software projects Provide direction, guidance, and training to squads, tribes, and segments as needed in methodologies for Business Agility within needed standards and circumstantial optionality Create and sustain a culture of ownership and accountability with the tribes and squads Maintain a working knowledge of business and technology capabilities Lead and complete all tasks to collect, report metrics, and other information as necessary Collaborate closely and often with ASA colleagues and internal EFX partners & customers Support tribes & squads with roadmap planning, technology, processes, & release management Support the backlog creation, refinement, and prioritization in Aha! and JIRA Ensure key information radiators are accessible, visible, current, and improved as needed Provide support to ensure on schedule and accurate time tracking for the tribes and squads Proactively anticipate and remove impediments to make tribes and squads highly productive Assist with risks, issues, & dependency management Cultivate and sustain effective partnerships between members of cross-functional groups Create a culture of continuous improvement to enhance effectiveness and good practice sharing managing full software development life cycle (SDLC) projects including deployments, with cross-functional, matrix staff spanning lines of business and technical disciplines Public Cloud certified 3 leader on projects using Agile software development methods Experience in leading transformation initiatives related to software delivery outcomes Highly Collaborative with the ability to effectively facilitate & negotiate for needed results Ability to quickly learn how operates and collaborates as our operations are evolving Proven ability as a leader working with diverse roles, personalities, and demanding stakeholders Self-motivated driver to solve problems, highly inquisitive, and able to make progress despite obstacles Strong time management skills and sense of timeliness to meet commitments Ability to understand technical issues at a high level and drive results Demonstrated aptitude and ability to acquiring new knowledge and skills Ability to utilize the key metrics needed to measure and optimize performance Exceptional facilitation skills to gain and maintain alignment, transparency of process, results, and trust Proficient with Aha!, JIRA, and G Suite products.
t execution, and delivery of programs and projects intended to accomplish business goals and objectives within prescribed timeframes and budgets. Develops an expert understanding of how project activities contribute to
Contact this candidate