Rao B Thungathurthy
Page * of *
Rao B Thungathurthy email: adkwzh@r.postjobfree.com
Mobile: +1-818-***-****
Release Train Engineer - Agile Scrum Master- Coach-Project Manager Profile https://www.linkedin.com/in/raothungathurthy/
Experience Summary
Results-driven SAFe Release Train Engineer Agile Coach Scrum Master Project Manager with a demonstrated history of working in the Insurance, Healthcare, Banking, Information Security domains. I have over 16 years of experience in delivering IT solution for the fortune 500 clients. The recent 8 years were dedicated to closely launching and managing agile teams, support waterfall to agile migration, value stream mapping leveraging SAFe framework.
Have been deploying agile to reengineer delivery pipeline from a project-based delivery model to solution train-based product delivery model based reducing time to market cycle time by 40% with continuously improving delivery cycle time.
Primary accountability for facilitating delivery of large-scale Software Development Products and Projects, Collaborating, Facilitating, Leading and Coaching, Stakeholder management experience and a good track record in managing multi-function, multi Geographical, multi-vendor teams/partners across globe. Delivering $1mil to $5mil, team of 60-120.
Facilitating PI planning Event, Inspect and Adapt, Management review and Problem Solving, Program Backlog refinement, ART Sync and Scrum of Scrums.
Experienced in leading projects in areas relating to Information Security such as o Enterprise security architecture, application security, cloud security development, security operations information
o Security governance and controls, identity and access management, and vulnerability management. Roles Played: RTE (Release Train Engineer), SCRUM Master, Agile Coach, Information Security/Project Manager, Test Manager, and Process Consultant
ROI / Value adds: Insurance project cost savings (40%), Converting code-red projects to green, Traditional to Agile Transformation, Worked on Compliance Projects Clients: American Express, All State Insurance Corporation, Humana Health care, Bank of America, State farm, Dun and Brad Street, New York
Domains: Banking, Financial, Insurance, Cyber Security, Health Care, Travel, e-Commerce, e- Governance, credit cards, Content Management, Process Consultancy Methodology: Agile, SCRUM, Kanban, SAFe, CI/CD, DevOps and Waterfall Agile Certifications: SAFe Release Train Engineer, SAFe Advanced Scrum Master, Certified Scrum Master, ICP ACC
(Agile Coach), SAFe Agilest, Product Owner
PM Certifications: Project Management Professional (PMI), Certified Information Security Manager (ISAC), ITIL V3, Software Test Manager, Six Sigma Lean Tools, Microsoft Professional (MSP). Tools/Database: TDD, Pair Programming, XP (Extreme Programming), Jira, Confluence, Version One, Rally, Share Point, Rational Team Concert TFS, ISO 9001:2000/2008, ISO 20000:2005, ISO27001, HP QC.
Awards: Best Team Award, Innovation Recognition Award Rao B Thungathurthy
Page 2 of 4
Education: Master of Business Administration (Applied Information Technology) Venkateswara University, New Delhi (Jan 2017 – Dec 2018) Bachelor of Science, Osmania University, (May 1985 – May 1989)
Responsibilities:
Manage and optimize the flow of value through the program using various tools, such as the Program Kanban and information radiators
Help to guide and manage the ART and the teams through the delivery of software and services, embracing and casting the Agile mindset across client spaces
Provide guidance in Agile, Scrum, and SAFe and leads Agile delivery teams consisting of a mix of organization and possibly contractor/vendor staff.
Monitor development for bottlenecks and provide input on addressing same
Ensure alignment to the cross-departmental roadmaps, create a collective plan to manage dependencies
Drives program-level continuous improvement via retrospectives, Inspect and Adapt workshops, and constant demonstration of Kaizen mind
Establish and manage Risk and Quality for agile program. Work Experience
Client: American Express Duration: Aug 2020 to till date Roles: Release Train Engineer, Scrum Master and Agile Coach Team Size: 110 Responsibilities:
Develop and maintain scorecards. Work with business partners to track and report benefits and impact of the program and disseminate success stories
Engage directly with stakeholders to define mission value and prioritize work and build intellectual capital in Agile techniques
Help to guide and manage the ART and the teams through the delivery of software and services, embracing and casting the Agile mindset across client spaces
Provide guidance in Agile, Scrum, and SAFe and leads Agile delivery teams consisting of a mix of organization and possibly contractor/vendor staff.
Work with program architects and champions to design deployment roadmap Environment: SAFe5.0 and Agile, Scrum, Kanban, CI/CD and DevOps methodologies Confluence, RALLY, Mural, Clarity, Oracle, Java, Mainframes, Postgres, DB2, Service Now and Selenium. Client: Allstate Insurance Company Duration: Mar 2018 to Aug 2020 Roles: RTE, Scrum Master, Project Manager and Agile Coach Team Size: 120 Responsibilities:
Handling one ART, 3 Scrum Teams and 4 Waterfall projects
Drive continuous improvement via facilitating workshops, assess the agility level of the program and push teams to improve
Monitor development for bottlenecks and provide input on addressing same
Ensure alignment to the cross-departmental roadmaps, create a collective plan to manage dependencies
Make the progress of the program’s work visible and in relation to larger picture
Understand fundamentals of software development processes and procedures in an agile development environment
Drives program-level continuous improvement via retrospectives, Inspect and Adapt workshops, and constant demonstration of Kaizen mind Establish and manage Risk and Quality for agile program
As a PM/SM/RTE accountable for all the Enterprise concurrent Projects deliverables in all phases from Initiation to closure and with managing budget up to 10 Millan’s.
Handling 4 waterfall projects, 3 Scrum Teams and One ART (Agile Release Train-Large Enterprise) into onshore and offshore model with cross functional internal and external teams.
Facilitating Inspect and Adapt, Management review and Problem Solving, PI planning Event, Program Backlog refinement, ART Sync and Scrum of Scrums
Environment: SAFe5.0 and Agile, Scrum, Kanban and DevOps methodologies, MS Project 2016, Clarity, Microsoft Enterprise Project Management plan, JIRA, Mural, Confluence, Hadoop, Java, Data Analytics, Service Now, Sales force, Triton.
Rao B Thungathurthy
Page 3 of 4
Client: Humana, Louisville KY Duration: Dec 2015 to Mar 2018 Role: Agile Coach and Scrum Master Team Size:36
Handled 2 Scrum Teams
Facilitating Scrum Ceremonies: Sprint Planning, Stand ups, Sprint Demo, Retro, release planning.
Backlog Management: Balance workload or points in each sprint based on velocity and ensure collaboration
Ensure stories are brought into sprint in a priority order
Monitoring daily burn down reports and daily story progress
Road map Planning: Understands and assists in sprint planning to correspond with roadmap and current projects
Understands and comprehends Area Chart to apply to Release Planning (planned vs. actual)
Sprint Delivery: Works with the Scrum teams to commit to a sprint with a prioritized backlog
Ensure stories are completed that were committed to in each sprint.
Ensure smooth transition of stories from Sprint through Demo to the Systems Integration Testing resources Environment: Clarity, Version one, Sonar Qube, Visual Studio 2010, Secure FX, Sail point IIQ, Squids, XML Spy and Windows Server 2008 R2. DevOps CI/CD, GIT.
Client: AMEX, Phoenix, AZ Duration: Jan 2014 to Nov2015 Role: Agile Scrum Master &Project Manager Information Security. Team Size: 50 Description: Project Jewel is the name of the AXP divestiture of the American Express Global Business Travel business to become a new 50% owned joint venture. The Information Security portion of the American Express spin- off of a major subsidiary called American Express Global Business Travel.
Working as an End-to-End Project Manager/ Scrum Master - Managing multiple projects/ scrum teams with a total of over 50 resources, coordinating with various internal and external teams, Communicating and managing multiple vendors and cross functional teams.
Coordinated and scheduled activities for sixteen AMEX Information Security Directors and their teams as part of a much larger effort to separate 14,000 employees in 33 legal entities across more than 100 country boundaries.
Maintained all project tracking using Clarity, working with Cost plans, Forecasting and Ensuring Timely Billing
& Escalation tracking.
Collecting Cloud Metrics, Third Party Vendor evaluation and distribute with the respective teams. Client: National Grid, Syracuse, NY Duration: January 2013 to January 2014 Role: Project Manager Team Size: 18
Primary responsibilities include preparing project plans, monitor and track progress, prepare status reports, resolve issues, coordinate tasks and activities directed toward completing the project goals on schedule.
Participating multiple meetings like Governance meetings and Reviews, Joint status calls, Change log management weekly meetings with the client and different vendors
Manage development activities performed on-site, off-shore and integration with a 3rd party provider. Environment: Windows 2000/XP, Oracle 10g Database, Rational Team Concert, MSP 2007, MS-Office, Microsoft
.NET Framework for Windows and Share Point. Agile Methodology. Client: State Farm Insurance, Bloomington, IL Duration: Feb 2012 to December 2012 Role: Agile Scrum Master Team Size: 36
Ensured effective implementation of agile process and trained staff to maximize benefits.
Coordinated with various departments and ensured delivery of projects on time.
Evaluated software development practices and ascertained that new software improves productivity.
Identified any problems with project and assisted in solving it effectively.
Assisted other Program Manager and developers in managing and developing AGILE process.
Plan and schedule project timelines and milestones
Manage over all Road Map within Approve yearly budget. Rao B Thungathurthy
Page 4 of 4
Client: Bank of America, (BOA-XMAN) – Newark, DE-USA Duration: Apr 2010 to January 2012 Role: Project Manager/ Agile Scrum Master Team Size:25
Responsible for Analysis, design, development, testing and implementation of BORENO CORE FRAME WORK multiple applications for new implementations and upgrades. Handled multiple projects and got appreciations from the client.
Deliver new and complex high-quality solutions to clients in response to varying business requirements
Responsible for managing scope, planning, tracking, change control, aspects of the project.
Ensures adequate and appropriate resources are allocated to the Project, for both IBM and Bank of America Teams
Responsible for effective communication between the project team and the customer. Provide day to day direction to the project team and regular project status to the customer. Client: Integrated Software Solutions, Chicago, IL Duration: July 2009 to April 2010 Role: Project Manager Team Size: 82
Client: Polaris Software Lab Ltd, Hyderabad, IN Duration: October 2008 to March 2009 Role: Project Manager Team Size: 12
Client: Navayuga Info Tech, Hyderabad, IN Duration: February 2008 to October 2008 Role: Project Manager Team Size: 25
Client: Dun and Brad Street, New York, NY Duration: April 2006 to February 2008 Role: Project Manager Team Size: 67
Client: eRx (e-Prescribing) Duration: January 2000 to March 2006 Role: Test Lead Team Size: 8
Contact this candidate