HEMANT ANANDRAO PAGARE
Contact: +91-976*******
E-Mail: adlbdt@r.postjobfree.com
Address: Jumbo Darshan, Flat No. 407, Wing-5, Jiva Mahala Road, Andheri (E), Mumbai – 400 069.
To obtain a leadership position that will enable me to use my strong analytical skills, System implementation, ISO
(QMS, IMS, ITSM & SMS) Information Security Management System (ISMS), Lean deployment, Business Analysis, Process Excellence, Innovation & Awareness Training. Carrier Objective
Total Management system professional with 18+ years of extensive experience in governance and ownership of Management Systems (ISO 9001, 14001, 45001, 27001, 20000 & 28001), Compliance & Quality Training involved in the execution of organizational operational excellence strategy by developing, implementing and conducting comprehensive organizational quality assessments. Working with business units instilling a culture of process improvement, ensuring integration & standardization of its quality services across the various business functions. An astute, result oriented professional with in-depth understanding of quality management activities, business processes, structured methodologies, implementation and deployment of international excellence models as a professional quality practitioner. Also additionally Business Consulting, Project Management, Lean & Six Sigma process excellence Professional Experience
DeFacto Veritas Certification Pvt. Ltd., Mumbai
Sr. Consultant, November 2019 – Present
Provide value-added advice and support to business partners on the creation or modification of policies, procedures, processes, products or services to ensure an appropriate level of internal control and compliance is maintained.
Contribute to the Internal Audit (IA) function by identifying risks associated with business objectives and evaluating the controls in place to mitigate those risks in order to improve the effectiveness of risk management, control, and governance processes.
Conducted internal awareness session for QMS across all employees & staffs.
Develop a thorough understanding of business processes in scope for assigned audits and document the processes in flowcharts and/or process narratives. Identify and document inherent risks and controls within the business processes.
Evaluate the adequacy of process design and the effectiveness of controls in meeting business and control objectives. Identify and document control and process weaknesses and provide evidential support for findings.
Assist in the preparation of a concise and informative audit report to effectively communicate the findings and recommendations to the branch/department and senior management.
Contributes to the development of QMS/IMS/ISMS project management, quality assurance and professional consulting and auditing approaches/methodologies.
DSV Panalpina Global Transport & Logistics Services, Navi Mumbai QHSE & Compliance Asst. Manager, April 2019 – October 2019
Develop, maintain and improve the business IMS to underpin QHSE and operating standards.
To drive & execute QHSE projects planned in the organization.
Periodically review done on risk management, assessment, treatment & controls for improvements.
Prepared & conducted Management review along with department heads & senior management.
Conducted internal trainings to all staffs to ensure awareness of QHSE standard, policy & procedures.
Prepared & shared NC analysis for audit outcomes – business excellence.
QHSE induction training to staffs, foreign colleagues & visitors.
Monitor & Evaluate of handling customer complaints and provide problem response report on time.
Assuring compliance of customer requirements by managing QHSE policies, standards, procedures, activities and practices while monitoring continuous improvement.
Review and publish policy & procedures with current updates for circulation to employees & staffs.
Monitor, review organization objectives with top management to ensure targets are meet.
Prepared & publish various audit related dashboards to the senior management & country heads. J.M. Baxi & Co., Mumbai
Dy. Manager, QEHS Dept., April 2018 – April 2019.
Planning, Scheduling & execute Internal QEHS audits through all group companies & branches (Pan India)
Prepare, Publish, Implement, review and monitor QEHS Management System policy & procedures.
Perform Onsite/Offsite audits and identify Non-Compliance as well as process improvement.
To conduct QMS & IMS awareness session through internal trainings & email messages.
Conducted audit NC analysis & presented to the senior management.
Liaison with external certification bodies for contract review, certification, recertification & surveillance audits.
Monthly monitor & performance evaluation of internal auditors.
Periodic review & MRM with QEHS Heads for all group companies.
Monitor, review & evaluation done on customer satisfaction score maintained by team.
Risk & opportunity management, implement, treatment, monitor, analysis & improvements. NSEIT Ltd., Andheri (E), Mumbai
Regional Quality Manager, Quality, January 2013 – April 2018
Drive QMS certification, new initiatives, process excellence, improvements & awareness within organization.
Prepared, review QMS and ISMS standard policy & procedure documents
Perform Onsite/Offsite QMS audits and identify Non-Compliance as well as process improvement.
Prepared & conducted Management review presentation with senior management for QMS improvements.
Monitoring Information Security controls. Ensuring compliance to internal and customer security requirement.
Identify & Performed Risk identification, assessment, mitigations & implemented controls throughout organizations.
Conducted audit NC analysis & presented to the senior management.
Liaison with external certification bodies for QMS & ISMS surveillance audits.
Builds a culture of quality, risk assessment, treatment, mitigations & security awareness.
Prepared & shared audit results analysis, dashboards to the dept. heads & senior management. WNS Global Services Pvt. Ltd, Nashik.
Asst. Manager, BPET, May 2007 - November 2012
Planning, Scheduling and Conducting QMS Internal audits & compliance for Operations and Supporting Dept.
Prepared & conducted MRM presentation with senior management for QMS improvements.
Conducted QMS & ISMS polices & procedures awareness throughout organizations.
Conducted QMS audits, risk assessment, risk treatment, risk management etc.
Protecting the confidentiality, integrity and availability (CIA) of key information assets
Conducting QMS Process Excellence audits as per defined quality framework.
Awareness training conducted for all employees, middle & senior management staffs. WNS Global Services Pvt. Ltd, Nashik.
Sr. Executive, Corporate Quality, September 2003 - April 2007
Monitoring of the quality team for all quality control activities
Implementation of ISO 9001: 2000 certification for the organisation
Drive Information Security audits & Improvements Data Input Services Pvt. Ltd, Nashik.
Sr. Quality Assurance, Quality, October 2000 – August 2003
Implementation of ISO 9001: 2000 certification for the organisation.
Initiated measure for reducing customer complaints for customer data.
Validation & processing data in the set format as per Business/Customer rules. Core Competencies
Promotes and applies professional ethics & develops and manages the internal audit function.
Applies a thorough understanding of governance, risk, and control appropriate to the organization
Mind mapping, structured thinking and commitment to Excellence
Persuades and motivates others through collaboration and cooperation
Business process reengineering & Project Management
Embraces change and drives improvement and innovation
Applies process analysis, business intelligence, and problem solving techniques Educational Qualification
MA – Pune University – 1997 – First Class
Certifications
Certified Cyber Security Incident Handing and Responses
Certified Lead Auditor QMS (ISO 9001:2015) from Udemy & BVCI
Certified an Internal auditor for ISMS (ISO 27001:2013) from Udemy
Certified an Internal auditor for IMS (ISO 9001, 14001 & 45001) from IRQS
Certified an Internal auditor for OH&SMS (ISO 45001:2018) from IRQS
Certified an Internal auditor for SMS (ISO 28001:2007) from IRQS
Trained on Lean Six Sigma Green Belt certification from Udemy
Certified an Internal auditor for ITSM (ISO 2000-1:2018) from BSI
Certified Lean Cadet, LEAN Kaizen & Samurai projects from WNS Achievements
Awarded Audit team for QMS & IMS “Best Practices Sharing Team” Year Sept 2019
Awarded Excellence of ‘Team of the Year” Quality Management Year Nov’2016-17.
Mentored and completed 2 Lean and 1 Six Sigma projects with total savings of $75,000
Deployment of QMS in more than 45 teams/process across different locations of WNS.
Process Automation (VB) done in Operations & Support unit.
WNS Certified LEAP & WNS Certified Trainer (WCT) certification.
Awarded “Quality Excellence” for 2008-2009 & 2010-2011 as the top achiever for completing various process improvements.
Extra Curriculum
Trained on Yellow Belt & Green Belt Six Sigma.
Working on ISO 29001:2020 – Petroleum, petrochemical and natural gas industries – QMS requirements for product and service supply organization.
Executed CSR activities called WCF (WNS Cares Foundation) within organization.
Assistance provided to policy setup for organization.
Preparing excellent Excel reports, Word documents & Power Point presentations.
Always focusing business excellence, innovations, best practices, customer satisfactions & improvements. Personal Details
Date of Birth : 2nd April 1974
Language Abilities : English, Marathi & Hindi etc.
Place : Mumbai
Date Signature
Contact this candidate