Rick Pardo, PMP, CISSP
adlg3x@r.postjobfree.com Austin, TX 78704 202-***-**** https://www.linkedin.com/in/rickpardo/

IT OPERATIONS & PROGRAM MANAGEMENT EXECUTIVE
Strategic, driven and transformational IT leader with track record nurturing business partnerships, executive relationships, and vendor/partner management that align the vision and needs of the business to IT roadmaps, technology footprint, and emerging trends.
Self-motivated with a passion for solving analytical problems and exceeding expectations by solving emerging business goals and a thirst for learning and applying new technologies.
Proven Program and Project manager with accomplishments leading all phases of diverse projects in a fast-paced and rapidly changing environment, skilled at aligning business goals with solutions to drive revenue generation, cost-savings, and process improvements.
Diverse Technical & Business Experience with working knowledge applying different technologies on various platforms in the areas of Sales, Customer Service, Field Service, Engineering, and Manufacturing, competencies in system administration, database administration, and web technologies.
Skilled Enterprise & Solution Architect recognized for untangling big problems and evaluating, designing, and implementing enterprise ecosystems and solutions in cloud, on-premise, and hybrid environments.

TECHNICAL COMPETENCIES

Azure (Azure AD, App Service)
Google Cloud Platform (GCP)
OpenStack
NetBond
Solarwinds
SharePoint
Atlassian (Jira, Confluence, OpsGenie)
Smartsheet
Splunk
Office 365 (E5 Suite)
JD Edwards (ERP)
Active Directory
SQL Server
Slack
Oracle Database
SALT Stack
Ansible
PowerBI
IIS
Puppet
Jenkins

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Cray Inc. Austin, TX 3/2015 – 3/2021
Senior Manager, Information Security and Strategic Initiatives 1/2017 – 3/2021
Manager, IT Infrastructure 3/2015 – 1/2017
#2 IT executive managing $18 million in annual department budget covering business units on 5 different continents. Oversee corporate IT functions including information security, infrastructure, automation and DevOps support, help desk, strategic planning, capital investments, hosting solutions, corporate acquisition integrations, business continuity, and process improvements.

•Owned oversight for all IT programs, financial and strategic planning, information security, enterprise risk management, staff development, and vendor management.
•Cut security vulnerability scores >80% by creating the “Top 5” program and making 3 staff changes on the IT team to ‘shorten the distance’ between vulnerabilities and remediation actions.
•Increased end-point stability and security by 100% and dragged the Help Desk and HR teams into the 21st century by guiding them through the development of a just-in-time provisioning process for the corporate Win10 deployment (Win7 retirement) to replace a dated process for onboarding new hires and PC life-cycle management.
•Led seamless integration of 120 person Seagate ClusterStor acquisition including intellectual property and product assets into Cray, led due diligence to guarantee a smooth transfer and proactively resolve integration issues.
•Chipped away at technical debt by increasing modularity and calculating/justifying growth through the creation of a solution architect position to provide broader perspective, eliminate integration issues, and conduct more straightforward, data-driven budget projections.
•Abated “not-invented-here” thinking by factoring labor impact in cost/benefit analysis leading to increased SaaS adoption, introduced cloud and SaaS offerings including implementation and migration of core services to Office 365, migration of critical infrastructure to Azure, and acquisitions of SaaS products such as PowerBI, Oracle Cloud, LucidChart, Cloud-based anti-virus and vulnerability management.

Rick Pardo, adlg3x@r.postjobfree.com Page 2

AstraZeneca PLC – Washington, DC 6/2011 – 3/2015
IT Program Manager 6/2012 – 3/2015
IT Project Manager 6/2011 – 6/2012
Managed project portfolios up to ~$10 million affecting ~50,000 global users. Drove IT programs and projects involving acquisition integration, cost reduction, capital investment planning, vendor management, process improvements, business continuity, hosting, lifecycle management, and risk mitigation.

•Restored IT functions back in-house from previous IBM-hosted solution by mapping out repeatable system moves from supplier into company’s platforms while maintaining compliance to regulatory requirements FDA CFR Part 11 and HIPAA.
•Completed previously languishing $6 million business continuity project by intervening to resolve philosophical differences between program sponsors (InfoSec/IT Ops) to find common ground and deliver the business continuity disaster recovery program for AstraZeneca’s US business.
•Slashed IT operational expenses ~$1.8 million, cut corporate server count 10%, and boosted application performance 200% by leveraging modern cloud technologies, built first-ever life-cycle management program to retire aging systems to keep overall IT operation up-to-date and highly nimble.
•Led due diligence and integration for company’s $225 million Amplimmune acquisition that resulted in seamless integration of newly-acquired team and product line into the AstraZeneca drug development pipeline.
•Established first-ever protocol for setting up vendor relationships for purchases outside U.S. for Medimmune after IBM contract was exited.
•IT project manager responsible for transferring IT delivery out of U.S. and U.K. to consolidate support in India, hired team, facilitated knowledge transfer, drove service acceptance, coordinated official cutover, fully supported out of India.

Booz Allen Hamilton – Washington, DC 6/2009 – 6/2011
Management Consultant
Managed IT system implementations and support impacting ~10,000 global users spanning five law enforcement agencies operating in the US, Europe, and the Middle East.

•Generated $2 million in follow-on sales to existing clients by building trusted relationships with client executives to transform strategy engagements into implementation engagements.
•Partnered with clients to ensure project requirements were accurately collected and translated into appropriate functional and engineering specifications, this ensured solutions were designed accurately and deployed as required with appropriate financial and project management controls.
•Project manager for a client’s first ever digital transformation from traditional in-house managed systems to use of cloud-based technologies.

EDUCATION
University of Virginia – Charlottesville, VA
Master of Science (MS), Management of IT

Catholic University of America – Washington, DC
Bachelor of Arts (BA), Information Technology

CERTIFICATIONS AND PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT
ITIL Foundation Certificate in IT Service Management (ITIL ID: 100396533)
Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP ID: 673383)
Project Management Professional (PMP ID: 2277855)
Certified ScrumMaster (CSM ID: 001179743)

ADDITIONAL BACKGROUND / PERSONAL
Honorably discharged from United States Navy as IT Operations Manager for USS Cole, served as Systems Engineer on special assignment at The White House in Washington, DC. Amateur Tri-athlete and terrible golfer.
Contact this candidate