*/*/**** ********** ***** of Mark Ian Baranda * of 8
MARK IAN G. BARANDA
Queue Point Mazaya 25 Dubailand
PO Box 37956, Dubai, UAE
Mobile: +971-**-*******
Tel. No.: 04 27602022
E-mail: admh4n@r.postjobfree.com
Objective:
To obtain a position in Supply Chain Management, specifically in Logistics and Warehousing Management, where I can utilize more than 20 years of my experience in Warehousing, Leadership, and Problem-Solving Skills. To be associated with a well-established organization that will provide me better opportunities for career advancement and skills enhancement. Work Experience
Company : Alstom (RTA Tram Maintenance) - Dubai, UAE Position : Logistics and Area Supervisor
Term : June 2012 - Present
Participate in the development of ALSTOM strategy by providing input from Logistics and ensuring that relevant goals and objectives are properly incorporated.
Develop and oversee the implementation strategy and business plan for the Logistics department by incorporating input from the respective functions of Logistics in alignment with ALSTOM strategic objectives
Develop and oversee the implementation of policies, procedures and processes that effectively outline the guidelines for the various services within Logistics, in alignment with ALSTOM strategic objectives and global leading practices
Manage function's risk by communicating and consulting with relevant internal and external stakeholders to identify risks and mitigate them as per pre-defined frameworks and procedures.
Raise awareness to the Manager about the importance of risk management and attend actively risk management meetings across ALSTOM.
Oversee the movement of vehicles in and/or out of the country in accordance with ALSTOM policies and procedures and in compliance with relevant local and international law and processes
Ensure development of the Customs Clearance team on the delivery process of orders placed including: tracking of incoming shipments, and completion of regulatory clearances (as well as relevant documentation)
Develop and strengthen relationships with appropriate authorities (Customs, DCCI, Ministries, Municipalities or any other government entity related to ATM) to ensure prompt and efficient implementation of customs
Coordinate with Customs Clearance Manager to liaise with customers, freight forwarders, and insurance companies
Oversee work processes and flows in the transportation section and ensure appropriate policies and procedures are being followed. 5/4/2021 Curriculum Vitae of Mark Ian Baranda 2 of 8
Ensure development of plans for transportation in order to improve efficiency, reduce expenses, and optimize transportation services
Maintained the equipment required in a warehouse along with the inventory control system MMS.
Ensured that the warehouse is free of all types of threats such as fire.
Documented work logs and accounts daily and presented them to the Manager.
Issue inventory report, dead stock report, goods age report, consumption report, in or out status report, manpower status report to logistics manager.
Interact among clients about any particular requirements that they might have or want and maintain the customer's inventory neat and ordered.
To ensure that the appropriate stock levels are maintained at all times. This includes the responsibility to utilize the warehouse in the best possible manner by rotating of stock to allocate storage space.
Enhanced overall productivity and work quality, operated forklift, worked closely with an integrated team, and maintained a warehouse. Supervised, trained and mentored staff. Maintained detailed documentation and an outstanding safety record.
Supervise and assist in daily warehouse and shipping areas including: Filling and shipping customer orders, satisfying internal shipping requirements (technical service, vendors, etc.), ensuring accuracy of shipments and supporting documentation, receiving incoming material and routing to appropriate area or personnel, filling work orders from production, packaging assemblies and receiving into finished goods, ensuring inventory transactions are accurately logged and overseeing cycle counts and reconciliation activities.
Measuring and reporting the effectiveness of the department activities.
Developing and maintaining departmental work instructions for all tasks.
Establishing or adjusting work procedures to meet warehouse demands as dictated by production schedules and work flow.
Interpreting company policies to workers and enforcing safety regulations.
Recommending measures to improve quality of service, increasing efficiency of department and work crew and equipment performance.
Continuously improve warehouse operations through the use of lean enterprise practices. Conferring with other supervisors to coordinate activities of individual departments and serving internal customers.
Company : SERCO Dubai Metro- Dubai, UAE
Position : Lead Storekeeper
Term : May 2009 – May 2012
Raise requisitions and purchase orders in response to internal customer requests.
Implement purchase cost reduction initiatives.
Interface with key suppliers in order to expedite stock orders.
Record any stock movements on the inventory management system to ensure accuracy of stock levels at all times,
5/4/2021 Curriculum Vitae of Mark Ian Baranda 3 of 8
Invoice posting and collect parts from local suppliers when required,
Participate in keeping all work areas clean, safe and tidy for smoothing all the logistic and inventory processes in a controlled, safe, efficient and appropriate manner,
Carry out the effective control in storage of transactions and issuing of materials for all sections of the maintenance department to maintain the adequate and contingency supply of spare items,
Perform and carry out duties as instructed/ directed by the Procurement & Stores Assistant Manager.
Awareness of the Integrated Management System and the content of the Environment, Quality, Health & Safety and Information Security Policy Statements,
Promote a good HSQE and Information Security culture among their peers, subcontractors and third parties,
Assist Store Keeper to familiarize with their work,
Protect information assets and data including both electronic and paper based from all threats whether internal, external, deliberate or accidental,
Lead by example and look at ways to conserve energy, water and resources and minimize the generation of waste through personal performance and raise recommendations on how to improve existing processes on this regard within/outside their departments through their Line Manager, Departmental Safety Meetings and any other appropriate available channels,
Supervise and oversee the Store Keeper to receive, identify and bin locate stock within the stores area,
General housekeeping of the stores area,
Participate in keeping all work areas clean, safe and tidy for smoothing all the logistic and inventory processes in a controlled, safe, efficient and appropriate manner,
Assist Store Keeper to familiarize with their work,
Carry out the effective control in storage of transactions and issuing of materials for all sections of the maintenance department to maintain the adequate and contingency supply of spare items,
Perform and carry out duties as instructed directed by the Procurement Supervisor.
Ensure that the safety standards within the sections of inventory and logistic are established and in compliance with the company safety policy and procedures,
Ensure that the safety procedures are fully observed and implemented during all communication maintenance activities implemented internally or by the subcontractors.
Conduct regular health, safety, quality and environmental management review to determine if performance is adequate and to recommend any changes in procedures and instructions to the Procurement Supervisor.
Follow safe working procedures personally and wear appropriate personal protective equipment (PPE) as required and look out for the safety of others. 5/4/2021 Curriculum Vitae of Mark Ian Baranda 4 of 8 Company : CORODEX TRADING COMPANY
Al Quoz Industrial 4, Dubai, UAE
Position : Procurement Staff.
Store Supervisory and Logistic Staff
Bristol Fire Engineering Department Feb 2008-Apr 2009
Water Treatment Division Sept 2007-Feb 2008
(Hach Dept., Marine Div., Chemical Trdg. Div.)
Corodex Industries Feb 2007-Sept 2007
Corodex Safety Department Feb 2006-Feb 2007
Receives and verifies accuracy of incoming shipments.
Sorts and places materials on racks, shelves, or in bins according to predetermined sequence such as size, type, style, color, or product code. Marks materials with identifying information.
Pulls and distributes materials, tools, or other stock items in order to fill technician requests.
Prepares merchandise for shipment, as required.
Maintains accurate inventory records through the use of a computerized inventory system.
Completes requisition forms to order additional equipment and supplies.
Utilizes material handling equipment such as forklifts, etc.
Pulls and distributes materials, tools, or other stock items in order to fill technician requests.
Maintains accurate inventory records through the use of a computerized inventory system.
Completes requisition forms to order additional equipment and supplies.
Utilizes material handling equipment such as forklifts, etc.
Communicate any order changes to third party superintendent.
Maintain accurate inventory count, perform ‘end of day’ inventory count and submit reports to management.
Assist Operations Manager with delivery of cargo.
Oversee truck loading operations to ensure all policies and procedures are followed accordingly. Responsible in all documentations for supply chain and trading system
(commercial invoices, local and foreign purchases, packing list and custom clearance).
5/4/2021 Curriculum Vitae of Mark Ian Baranda 5 of 8
Responsible of the acquisition of goods and services at best possible total cost in the right quantity and quality at the right time.
Supervise material receipt vendors or customer, ensuring safe unloading and placement in assigned storage location.
Carry out initial checks on received materials for verification of items as per Purchase Order, Materials Requisition or Customers Material Request Documentation.
Co-ordinate with Material Control Supervisor and/or Project Manager for technical verification of items and associated documentation.
Prepare all receiving and inspecting documentation.
Notify the buyer through Material Control Supervisor where action by the supplier is required.
Check inventory and the condition of stored items at regular intervals. Maintain good housekeeping in all store’s areas.
Issue material from stores against Material Issue Vouchers (MIV) as approved by responsible engineers.
Company : SHIG ZHING TEXTILE CORPORATION
Kuan Yin Chung Li, Taiwan Republic of China
Position : Production Planning Allocation/Machine Maintenance Term : Sept. 2002-Nov. 2005
In charge in Auto-Packing Operations including maintaining the machine.
Monitor machine operations and either repair or report malfunctions in a timely manner.
Inspect newly acquired equipment upon arrival, checking every part to be sure that they are working and meet up with industry standards before they are put to use in the factory
Replace spare parts and Locates sources of problems by observing mechanical devices in operation, listening for problems, using precision measuring and testing instruments.
Ensures operation of machinery and mechanical equipment by completing preventive maintenance requirements on engines, motors, pneumatic tools, conveyor systems, and production machines, following diagrams, sketches, operations manuals, manufacturer’s instructions, and engineering specifications, troubleshooting malfunctions.
Maintains safe and clean working environment by complying with procedures, rules, and regulations.
Maintains equipment, parts, and supplies inventories by checking stock to determine inventory level, anticipating needed equipment, parts, and supplies, placing and expediting orders, verifying receipt.
Troubleshoot equipment to determine specific malfunctioning issues and tackle them accordingly.
5/4/2021 Curriculum Vitae of Mark Ian Baranda 6 of 8
Strictly abide by safety regulations during manufacturing activities, keeping equipment in check to avoid mechanical hazards that could cause harm to operators and workers
Maintain packing and filling machines by cleaning and lubricating equipment and clearing jams.
Receives stores, and issues supplies and equipment and compiles records of supply transactions aboard ship.
Verifies that supplies received are listed on requisitions and invoices. Stores supplies and equipment in storerooms. Issues supplies.
Inventories supplies and equipment at end of each voyage. Compiles report of expenditures.
Schedules and deadlines are adhered to.
Communicate & Implement change as directed.
Health & Safety compliance in accordance with company policy.
Manage inventory accuracy through monitoring of daily warehouse activities, cycle counts, stock takes and audit of same to verify results.
Provide leadership by establishing clear expectations and demonstrating high standards of work practices and safety conscious behavior.
Establish, maintain and promote high standards of customer service.
Experience working within policies & procedures, and understanding of compliance, in relation to regulatory bodies’ legislation including
Liaise with drivers, customers and warehouse personnel.
Ensure compliance with OHS procedures and practices.
Supervision of all staff under your direct or indirect control.
Administration duties as required to ensure daily KPI performance is achieved.
All resources are utilized efficiently.
Stand in for the Manager during Holidays / Sickness as required.
Coordinate efficient operation of the warehouse.
Plan and coordinate labor (Approx 10 employees) and MHE.
Coordinate deliveries with carriers to ensure KPIs are achieved.
Train and monitor staff in standard operating procedures (SOPs) and safe work practices, including new employee inductions and tool box talks.
Continuously monitor the performance and activities of the warehouse through the use of KPIs, with a primary focus on cost controls. 5/4/2021 Curriculum Vitae of Mark Ian Baranda 7 of 8 Company : INNODATA XML TRADING INC.
Mandaue Subangdaku, Cebu Philippines
Position : Warehouse Supervisor
Term : April 2000-Aug 2002
Oversee the receipt, storage, requisitioning and disbursement of supplies and materials, or operate data handling machines and equipment.
Receives data from international and allocate it to each department of production.
Communicates daily production information, problems with equipment /processes production escalation procedures.
Monitors complex equipment for maintenance related problems for auto-cutting and packing machine.
Perform stock audits and co-ordinate stock checks,
General housekeeping of the stores area,
Skills and Trainings:
1. Computer Software: Microsoft Office: Word, Excel, Power Point, Oracle Inventory System, MMS Dubai Metro System, SAF, ALSTOM Modified Inventory System and MMS Dubai TRAM Maintenance.
2. Proficient in Oral communication (Effective communications skills in English, Chinese, Arabic, Hindi)
3. Has knowledge in record keeping and organized filing 4. Effective in handling customer service related matters - possessed good customer service abilities, Problem solving, Creativity, Interpersonal Skills and Team Work.
5. Trainings Certificates: First Aid Responder, Customer Service, Work Place Safety, Fire Fighting DM, Diversity Cultural Awareness, ALSTOM E-Learning Module (Code of Ethics, High risk Activities, E-Rail and Sourcing & Procurement Compliance),
Certificates in Rigging Signaling and Slinging, Preparation for the Authorization of Non Electrician by apave.
Fire Fighting and Fire Warden by EUROLINK,
Certificate for Logistics and Supply Chain Management Professional (L&SCM) American Institute of Business & Management
(AIBM)
Certificate completion and attested from the U.A.E. Knowledge & Human Development Authority (KHDA) Infonet U.A.E.
6. Familiar of Dubai Supply Chain System and Location. Flexibility/Adaptability on Schedule
5/4/2021 Curriculum Vitae of Mark Ian Baranda 8 of 8 Educational Background:
University of San Carlos - Cebu City, Philippines 1996 - 2000 Bachelor of Science in Mechanical Engineering
(Under Graduate)
Holy Infant Academy 1994 - 1995
Cadiz City, Philippines
Don Bosco Technical Institute 1991 - 1993
Victorias City, Philippines
Personal Data
Date of Birth : August 1, 1978
Citizenship : Filipino
Civil Status : Married
Sex : Male
High : 5’10”
Languages : English (speak/write/read), Tagalog (speak/write/read), Drivers License : 1280097 – Light Vehicle Manual
Contact this candidate