Contact
admjxf@r.postjobfree.com
www.linkedin.com/in/daniel-eun-
ho-h-276995174 (LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Servers
Microsoft Exchange
Firewalls
Daniel Eun Ho Hwang
VP and Director of IT at New Computer IT
Los Angeles Metropolitan Area
Summary
Experienced Information Technology Manager with a demonstrated history of working in the mental health care industry. Skilled in System Deployment, Virtualization, Servers, Windows Server, and Networking. Strong information technology professional with a Certificate focused in Computer and Information Sciences and Support Services from National Computer Science Academy. Experience
New Computer IT
VP and Director of IT
September 2017 - Present (3 years 9 months)
New York, New York, United States
Although small and midsize companies make up a large percentage of business, they are grossly underserved by large IT outsourcing firms like EDS, IBM, Accenture, etc. or moonlighting independent consultants. NCIC, Inc.
(Network Computer Information Center) was founded in 1989 to address the growing technology needs of businesses like yours. We realize most small and midsize companies can't justify or afford the expense of supporting and managing an in-house IT staff. That's why we provide reliable IT outsourcing that allows you to grow your business with secure, high-performance information systems, without the high cost. IT outsourcing with NCIC gives your business the best of both worlds with: A massive depth of knowledge
Certified trained engineers
Multiple support avenues including phone, email, remote access, and on-site visits
24/7 support and proactive monitoring to catch problems before they start Complete accountability
Access to a wide range of IT professionals for top-tier troubleshooting Our technical team receives the ongoing training and certifications needed to stay up-to-date on the latest technology. Our network field service engineers Page 1 of 5
have A+ certification MCSE and many carry additional certifications such as CAN, CNC, CCNA, CCIC and various other manufacturer-specific certifications.
Think of us as an extension of your business. Rely on us to provide outstanding customer service and the best technology solutions for your unique situation without the expense of maintaining a full-time IT staff. With NCIC, you can focus on making your business more efficient, productive, and profitable while we turn advanced technology into practical solutions. ettain group
Sr. System Engineer
April 2021 - Present (2 months)
Los Angeles, California, United States
Ettain Group contracted me to assist their customer (Health Care Company) to access and present recommendations to their newly acquired company’s system infrastructure. Over 200 VMs, 50 physical servers, and SANs. Center for Autism and Related Disorders, LLC. (CARD) 1 year 5 months
Senior IT Manager
June 2019 - March 2020 (10 months)
Woodland Hills, CA
Responsible for managing CARD’s foundational infrastructure, connectivity and information security needs to support 6,000 employees located in 250 offices nationwide. Managed the team of 15 network, server and help desk personnel centrally from the corporate offices in Woodland Hills delivering and supporting both corporate applications (ERP, Finance, HR) and very customized line of business applications for the treatment of Autism via iPads and other devices.
Projects Managing:
- Office 365
- Design and change company infrastructure
- AWS
- SDWAN
IT Manager
November 2018 - June 2019 (8 months)
Grater Los Angeles
Page 2 of 5
Responsible for managing CARD’s foundational infrastructure, connectivity and information security needs to support 6,000 employees located in 250 offices nationwide. Managed the team of 15 network, server and help desk personnel centrally from the corporate offices in Woodland Hills delivering and supporting both corporate applications (ERP, Finance, HR) and very customized line of business applications for the treatment of Autism via iPads and other devices.
Projects Managing:
- Office 365
- Design and change company infrastructure
- AWS
- SDWAN
Viascope Inc.
DevOps Engineer
April 2019 - September 2019 (6 months)
Los Angeles, California, United States
From the foundation of ViaScope in 1999, Viascope have continuously pioneered core technologies in network traffic solutions including network access control, traffic monitoring and IP address management. Hire to assist and develop new solution based on current solution. Assisted to create service manual, and proposed new advanced solutions. Reading International, Inc.
National IT Manager
July 2017 - November 2018 (1 year 5 months)
Greater Los Angeles Area
Responsible for managing Reading International foundational infrastructure, connectivity, and information security needs to support 800 employees located in 15 theaters nationwide. The staff of 1.
Hypermedia Systems
Sr. Enterprise System Administrator / Supervisor and Project Manager October 2014 - July 2017 (2 years 10 months)
Greater Los Angeles Area
Responsible for managing Hypermedia System foundational infrastructure, connectivity, and information security needs to support 200 developers located in 4 buildings and 3 data centers. The staff of 2. Page 3 of 5
Burbank Bob Hope Airport
IT Manager
January 2014 - October 2014 (10 months)
Greater Los Angeles Area
I.T. & Communication Systems Manager. For Bob Hope Airport, Burbank CA. Oversee all Systems and I.T. Policies for Airport Administration, Operations, Engineering, Maintenance, and other department I.T. infrastructure. All Cellular communications. As well as Ham Radio emergency comm systems. Oversee 2.2M budget, Created ITIL process and procedures, Disaster Recovery, Designed and implemented the Emergency Operations Center (EOC) Written RFPs/RFQ's
GLOVIS America, Inc.
National IT Manager
January 2011 - January 2013 (2 years 1 month)
Greater Los Angeles Area
Responsible for managing Hyundai/Glovis foundational infrastructure, connectivity, and information security needs to support 2,000 employees located in 2 port, 2 plants and 2 data centers. The staff of 5. Ntreev Soft.
Sr. System and Network Engineer
2008 - 2010 (2 years)
Greater Los Angeles Area
Responsible for overall security and managed tree game titles in a datacenter. Worked independently managing 100+ M.S. server, 30+ MS SQL servers, 4+ Cisco switches, and 2 Cisco ASA
Gravity Interactive, Inc.
System And Network Manager
2006 - 2008 (2 years)
Greater Los Angeles Area
Managed system and network by serving over 10,000.00 users and four game titles in the datacenter. I.T. staff of 1
Hana Financial, Inc.
System and Network Specialist
2003 - 2006 (3 years)
Greater Los Angeles Area
Responsible for managing over 100 employees and in charge of implementing a sophisticated financial ERP system.
Page 4 of 5
Turbo Air Pty Ltd (Turbo Air)
Lead IT & Customer Support
2000 - 2003 (3 years)
Established the first Korean commercial refrigeration company in U.S. Staff of 3+.
Experienced moving, developing, improving, and deployed all company IT equipment.
Serviced over 30 customers calls daily.
Helpdesk support over 50 workstations local and remote Education
Cerritos College
Associate of Arts and Sciences - AAS, Computer and Information Systems Security/Information Assurance · (2002 - 2004)
National Computer Science Academy
Certificate, Computer and Information Sciences and Support Services · (2000 - 2002)
Instituto Musica de Sao Paulo
Performing Art (BA), Music · (1997 - 1999)
Page 5 of 5
Contact this candidate