Joseph Oluwafemi Alale (CPA, CISA)
***** ******* **** ***,
Lanham, MD 20706
Phone: 301-***-****

Email Address: adsa4q@r.postjobfree.com

SUMMARY
I am a well experienced Finance, Accounting and Internal and Systems Audit professional with experience of over 15 years and has managed virtually every aspect of accountancy in various industries for both public and private sectors of the economy. My experience cuts across financial control, Internal Control, Systems Audit and Regulatory Compliance in banking and financial sectors of the economy with sound knowledge of cloud computing.

HIGHLIGHTS OF STRENGTHS
-In-depth Financial Analysis
-Internal Control and Audit Management
-Excellent IT Audit skills
-Meeting tight reporting deadlines
-Excellent oral and written communication skills
-Proficiency in the use of Microsoft 365 suite (Sharepoint, OneDrive, OneNote, Word, Excel and PowerPoint etc)
-Excellent Team Player

JOB EXPERIENCES

CHERITH WELLS AND COMPANY, CALIFORNIA, USA
POSITION HELD: AUDIT & COMPLIANCE MANAGER
–February 1, 2020 to Date
Co-ordinate with IT manager to determine proposed project plans, timeline and expected deliverable for each assigned audit assignment or project.
Assist with managing the company’s internal control program (documentation,development,evaluation,test and monitor ) over financial reporting are designed and implemented
Collaborate to develop a company wide risk assessment with cross functional teams including accounting, engineering and others within the company to stay up to date on significant changes that may have an impact on the desigm and /or operating effectiveness of controls
Conduct Enterprise Eisk Management program activities in alignment with the Chief Compliance Officer
Track, monitor and validate completion of Control reviews and /or observations.
Present Verbal and written reports on audit results or control reviews and recommend corrective actions or improvements to management and other constituents
Identify IT compliance control gaps and oversee the documentation, implementation and testing of the entire IT compliance control portfolio.
Report the levels of IT compliance risk and control effectiveness to key stakeholder such as IT - Operating area management, senior management, legal management, regulators, internal / external auditors etc.
Provide technological advice and insight on compliance requirements to non – IT leaders such as the general counsel, compliance officers etc.
Ensure Functional Compliance budgets are managed in accordance with budgets.
Collaborate and engage with stakeholders on the development and implementation of key business initiatives.
Liase and co-ordinate with local regulators on compliance related matters, including as a point of contact for applicable regulatory examinations.
Educate employees by leading training sessions to demonstrate compliance requirements

ICON TRUST FINANCIALS, LANDOVER, MARYLAND . USA
POSITION HELD: FINANCIAL AND IT AUDIT MANAGER
-February 1st 2019 to January 31, 2020

Co-ordinate the planning and executing audit testing
Ensuring all a test works are properly documented within required deadlines
Communicating any deficiency or exceptions noted during the audit exercise
Work on process optimization and project management
Perform reviews and analysis of the organization, processes and IT systems
Ensure compliance with established internal control procedures by examining records, reports, operating policies and documentation

JOSIEL CONSULTING ENT. LAGOS – NIGERIA
POSITION HELD:SENIOR CONSULTANT (LAGOS,NIGERIA)
-March 2012 to January 2019
Provided guidance and expertise, interpret significance of audit findings, conclude on issues, and make practical recommendations and strategic decisions.
Guide partners on a broad of specific Technology Controls and Information Security programs, policies, standards and incidents.
Conduct risk assessments, required controls definition,control procedure appropriateness, vulnerability assessments and any other relevant areas.
Lead or contribute to the completion of risk and control design assessments for an assigned business application, business portfolio, and overall enterprise as well as risk mitigation and remediation plans and remediation strategy.
Contribute to the definition, development and oversight of a global security management and framework.
Performed risk assessment, define project scope/objectives.
Followup with management reports and conduct meetings with clients to review audit findings.

INTERCONTINENTAL BANK PLC (ACCESS BANK PLC)
POSITION HELD : INTERNAL CONTROL AND REGULATORY COMPLIANCE
OFFICER
-September 2003 – February 2012

Ensure compliance and adherence to Bank policies and procedures.
Review and ensure that information security is adequate effective and efficient.
Assist in the implementation of information system projcts and ensure that the relevant control protocol are implemented.
Review and ensure clear roles, responsible, segregation of duties and succession planning for the various levels of IT staff.
Assist in software and hardware acquisition plans and ensure that it conforms to the information security plan.
Carry out comprehensive audit of Informaton Technology infrastructure to determine its adequacy.
Carry out Comprehensive audit of the various units within the Information Technology department in accordance with the approved audit plan testing the controls embedded.
Team member of the bank’s compliance function across 370 branches and subsidiaries.
Promote compliance culture through effective yraining programs, rule books and compliance awareness campaigns.
Investigate and report on breaches in Government regulations and compliance matters to the management and the board as appropriate.

OMEGA BANK PLC (HERITAGE BANK PLC) - LAGOS, NIGERIA
POSITION HELD: ZONAL IT AUDITOR
-September 2002 to August 2003
Participate in the implementation of information systems projects and relevant controls.
Review on a continuous basis the segregation of duties for each job specification and ensure effective controls in Physical access controls, logical access,environmental, communication and network controls in all the branches in the zone.
Work with team members to ensure software and hardware acquisition plans are in conformity with the information security plan.
Establish and assign departmental goals to team members and evaluate their performance.
Co-ordinate prepare and present a quarterly report for Audit and Compliance Committee.

INTERNATIONAL STANDARD SECURITIES LIMITED (LAGOS, NIGERIA)
POSITION HELD: SENIOR IT AUDIT OFFICER
-July 2000 to August 2002
Develop / update an enterprise wide internal audit plan for the review and approval of the board of directors.
Review and ensure that information security, effective and efficient in physical, logical, communication and network controls.
Co-ordinate the implementation of audit plan on a continuous basis to ensure all units duly monitored.
Ensure proper documentation of audit work plans, review the various weaknesses in the noted in the system and the recommendations / accomodations there-on.
Ensure appropriate follow up on the agreed corrective actions in the audit report.
Maintain a schedule of policy review to ensure continuous relevance and render report to the board of directors.
Maintain the IT Disaster Recovery Plan including annual reviews.

AKINTOLA WILLIAMS DELOITTE (KANO, NIGERIA )
POSITION HELD: AUDIT SENIOR
-September 1993 to June 2000
Manage / direct the work of staff auditors in audit engagements.
Plan and execute a range of audit and assurance services for clients.
Supervise teams to successfully execute engagements,reviewing completed working papers and directing revisions as appropriate.
Participate in facilitation of internal training courses and staff developments.
Develop audit reports summarizing exception in internal control systems incorporating the consequences and recommendations.

EDUCATIONAL INSTITUTIONS ATTENDED AND QUALIFICATIONS OBTAINED
University of Lagos,Nigeria Master of Science (Finance) (2015)
University of Ilorin, Nigeria Bachelor of Science (Economics ) (1991)

PROFESSIONAL MEMBERSHIP DATE
Associate Member, New York State Society Of Certified Public Accountants 2018
Associate Member, Certified Information Systems Auditor (CISA) 2018
Fellow, Institute of Chartered Accountants of Nigeria 1996

REFERENCE
1.Olabisi Babatunde Amodu
Treasury Tax Accounting Solutions
6492 Landover Road
Suite B-3
Hyattsville MD 20785
240-***-****

2.Taiwo O. Pedro (CPA)
Tai Pedro & Associates
529 14th Street NW
Washington DC 20045
301-***-****
Contact this candidate