Diderot Nguesson Diffo Clearance: Top Secret SCI
Level: Senior Consultant Residence: Fredericksburg Virginia
Email: adxe0q@r.postjobfree.com Willing to relocate: NO
Cell: 240-***-**** Last update: 05/22/2023
Experience Summary
I have a flexible and detail-oriented skills in Managing Project in both civilian and military careers. I encompass diverse expertise in the following areas: perform administrative duties, coordinate and track tasks, work smoothly with a team and individually. Conduct meeting with seniors’ managers, stakeholder’s and others stakeholder. Facilitate the process project of moving from one stage into another.
Competencies:
Project Management scheduling (8yrs) Management Strategies (8yrs)
Information Assurance (6yrs) Management Reporting (8yrs)
Project Assistance (8yrs) Planning and scheduling (8yrs)
Cybersecurity Management (6yrs)
Certification: CompTIA Security + ce (2021)
Booz Allen Hamilton, Inc. June 2022 to Present
Project coordinator @ DOE (Department of Energy)
Plan and perform general administration duty daily in to meet team project demand
Support the DOE projects and apply the seven steps of RMF to complete those projects
Coordinate and attend all daily or weekly meetings’ team.

US ARMY and Inter-Con Security Systems June 2014 to May 2022
Project Assistance
Responsibilities:
Perform project on USTRANSCOM and DoD Risk Management Framework for U.S. ARMY
Lead the Cargo and Vessel projects in my Army squad team for the past five years
Track and prepare recommendation on projects to senior’s manager, others stakeholders at the States Department
Lead the compilation of data to complete/close on State Department projects
Plan and perform administration duty daily
Updates IT security policies, procedures, standards, and guidelines per the respective department
and federal requirements.
Lead risk assessment reports, identifying threats and vulnerabilities applicable to the system.
Lead activities required to establish new business processes and facilitate operations
Assist Project manager in coordinating and reviewing activities’ project

Major Accomplishment
Successfully perform vessel operation project at different stage (2020, 2018, 2016)
Education
MSc. Cyber Security Management and Policies, University of Maryland Global Campus, 2019
Bachelor of Arts in International Business & Management, Northwood University, 2012
Contact this candidate