LUIS SANZ
Information Security +Telecommunication
Networks+ Project Management
*** * ********
Lexington, KY 40508 USA work authorized ady7y6@r.postjobfree.com 859-***-****
EXECUTIVE
SUMMARY
Information Security Professional with over 16 years’ real-world experience in information security, telecommunications networks, and project management in multiple sectors. Ten years’ experience as an Officer in the Colombian Navy with a focus in cyberterrorism, counterintelligence, and telecommunications network establishment from the ground up. Six years in the Colombian Department of Justice with experience in quality control and internal and public audits. Certified in several technology platforms including ITIL, COBIT, SAP NETWEAVER, and ISO9000, ISO27005. Highly proficient in Anti-DDOS, ORACLE, and AIX. Masters in Pedagogy with experience in mentorship and team building. Bilingual, USA work authorized, no visa sponsorship required. SELECTED WORK
HIGHLIGHTS
Core Competencies
Cybersecurity
IT Infrastructure strategy
IT Change Manager
Audit
Process Quality Control
Ethical Hacker
Counterintelligence
Risk Management
Control Security
Telecommunication
Network Engineer (Silver) and
(Gold) by IPv6
Computer Hacking Forensic
Investigator
ITIL
COBIT
Technologies
Oracle
AIX
Anti-DDoS (Imperva)
SAP Portal and NetWeaver,
InfoSec hacking,
Computer Hacking Forensic,
Tivolli, Apache,
ADM 800 Java,
ISO9000, ISO27005
Firewall
IPv6
CEH
CHFI
CISSP
June – August 2019
Work-Study • Curriculum Developer • University of Kentucky
• Student team to improve a web-based curriculum platform for all undergraduate programs under the direct supervision of the Associate Provost for Academic Administration. April-June 2018
Internal Auditor in Information Security • Department of Justice, Superior Council of the Colombian Judiciary
• Under direct supervision of the Superior Council of the Judiciary, worked in a team to audit government contracts related to technology and ensure compliance of the Department of Justice and its contractors.
• Improved the efficiency and effectiveness of contractual processes.
2008-2017
Lieutenant Frigate • Officer • Colombian Navy
Multiple roles. Highlights include:
• SAP Portal and Netweaver consultant
• Oracle Database and Sap Netweaver upgrade
• Security portal platform administrator (Anti-DDoS Incapsula for SAP Portal and Database Web), IT Change Manager
• Naval Base Head of IT and Telecommunications
• Head, Counterintelligence Department, Southern Naval Force
• Head, Computer Security Division, Directorate of Naval Counterintelligence
Personal competencies
Team Player
Flexibility
Honesty
Integrity
Languages
Proficient in English, Spanish
Beginner in Italian
2005-2008
Head, Department of Planning and Projects • Department of Justice, Barranquilla Directorate
• Leadership role in Project Manager and IT infrastructure focused on increasing the efficient use of resources in the entire Department of Justice.
2003-2005
WAN-LAN Net Analyst • Department of Justice, Barranquilla Directorate
• Hands-on experience in government contracts, early foundation of the importance of teamwork based in honesty and transparency.
• IT support design and implementation of an improved technology infrastructure and support of customer service.
• Resulted in promotion to Head of Department of Planning and Projects
EDUCATION
Information Technology Strategic Management (continued education) - Universidad Europea del Atlántico, Bogota, Colombia, 2016
Naval Officer Training - Escuela Naval de Cadetes Almirante Padilla, Cartagena, Colombia 2008
MS Pedagogical Studies - Corporación Universitaria de la Costa, Barranquilla, Colombia 2007
BS Computer Science (Systems Engineering) - Universidad Autónoma del Caribe, Barranquilla, Colombia 2003
Contact this candidate