GUIDO BECERRA CENTENO
**** ********* **.
Fitchburg, WI, 53711
Cellular Phone +1-754-***-**** Email:
ady8hp@r.postjobfree.com
INSTRUCTION
Title:
Institution:
Instruction Level:
Title:
Institution:
Instruction Level:
Title:
Institution:
Instruction Level:
TTitle:
Institution:
Instruction Level:
Master's Degree in Management of Information Systems Caribbean University
Fourth Level
Master's Degree in Cibersecurity (Studing)
UNADE On line
Fourth Level
Electrical Engineer, especialización Electrónica Escuela Superior Politécnica del Litoral (ESPOL)
Bachiller Técnico, especialización Electromecánico Colegio Alemán Humboldt – Feb. 81
Bachiller
PROFESSIONAL PROFILE
Experienced professional in Information Security, Cybersecurity, Public Management and digital transformation processes, with excellent knowledge in change management, stakeholders, and domains associated with transformation, such as linking customer needs, technological advantages over the competition, strategic vision of business data, innovation management and IT service management as the bases of the enabling process and support of new businesses. Cybersecurity is one of the pillars of digital transformation, on this topic I have attended courses in Israel, El Salvador, Panama, Chile and within the country, on the creation of policies, standards, management of response center teams, ethical hacking, monitoring and others.
I have more than 20 years of experience, directing and empowering work teams in different public and private companies, aligning them to the delivery of core business value and extensive experience in managing Technology projects at a regional level, as well as the management and control of the technological platform, planning, execution and control of the budget.
I am an honest, respectable, results-oriented person, with excellent interpersonal relationships in teamwork and Solving Problems. I have a professional drivers license from Ecuador for more than 30 years. PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
MINISTRY OF TELECOMUNICATIONS AND THE INFORMATION SOCIETY June 2021 – July 2021
Undersecretary of Electronic Government and Civil Registry Responsible for:
Mission "Define strategies, regulations, plans, programs, projects that are necessary for the development and implementation of Electronic Government and Simplification of Procedures, in the public sector through through electronic governance interoperability, information security and provision of electronic services, as well as the strengthening of identity management and registration of civil data”. August 2017 - June 2021
National Director of Interoperability, Information Security and Infraestructure.
Responsible of:
a. Design, maintain, monitor and evaluate the implementation of E- Government Architecture in the Public Central Administration Institutionsl and dependent on the executive branch,
b. Propose policies, regulations and strategies for implementing technical standards for architecture, networks, information security and interoperability of the Public Central Administration Institutions and dependent on the executive branch, in the field of electronic government, c. Provide technical advice on the Architecture of Electronic Government, Government interoperability, Networks and Information Security to the Public Central Administration Institutions and dependent on the executive branch,
d. To monitor, control and compliance assessments Scheme of the Government Information Security in the Public Central Administration Institutions under the Executive Function,
e. Develop, maintain, evaluate, monitor, coordinate and manage government programs and projects of Architecture, Information Security, Network and Interoperability, which seek improvement in the field of electronic government in the entities of the Public Central Administration Institutions and dependent Executive Function,
f. Ensure compliance and updating of policies, standards and strategies on issues related to architecture, networks, information security and interoperability of Electronic Government,
g. Manage backups and ensure the availability of the information that is available on the Gubernamental Services Bus and other areas of competence.
NATIONAL SECRETARY OF PUBLIC ADMINISTRATION July 2016 –July 2017
National Director of Interoperability, Information Security and Infraestructure.
Responsible of:
h. Design, maintain, monitor and evaluate the implementation of E- Government Architecture in the Public Central Administration Institutionsl and dependent on the executive branch,
i. Propose policies, regulations and strategies for implementing technical standards for architecture, networks, information security and interoperability of the Public Central Administration Institutions and dependent on the executive branch, in the field of electronic government, j. Provide technical advice on the Architecture of Electronic Government, Government interoperability, Networks and Information Security to the Public Central Administration Institutions and dependent on the executive branch,
k. To monitor, control and compliance assessments Scheme of the Government Information Security in the Public Central Administration Institutions under the Executive Function,
l. Develop, maintain, evaluate, monitor, coordinate and manage government programs and projects of Architecture, Information Security, Network and Interoperability, which seek improvement in the field of electronic government in the entities of the Public Central Administration Institutions and dependent Executive Function,
m. Ensure compliance and updating of policies, standards and strategies on issues related to architecture, networks, information security and interoperability of Electronic Government,
n. Manage backups and ensure the availability of the information that is available on the Gubernamental Services Bus and other areas of competence.
NATIONAL SECRETARY OF PUBLIC ADMINISTRATION June 2013-Feb. 2016
Government Computer Support Specialist.
Head of Service Desk, OTRS System Administrator, CEGE, The Goverment News System News, CTI System
Ensure that these systems are operating, scaling new features to development for implementation.
Quipux training users, citizens Portal formalities Agenda. Support internal and external customers
PRESIDENCIA DE LA REPUBLICA DEL ECUADOR May 2013 - July 2013 Senior Analyst of Government System.
Head of Service Desk, OTRS System Administrator, CEGE, The Goverment News System News, CTI System
Ensure that these systems are operating, scaling new features to development for implementation.
Quipux training users, citizens Portal formalities Agenda. Support internal and external customers
GBC TECH S.A. May 2001 -Dec. 2012
General Manager. Responsible for the planning, management and control profitability and operation of the company GBC TECH S.A. It is directed to advice, and development of power grids, communications wireless and wired data, and retail sales of communication equipment and computers, and is authorized dealer of DELL, HP, EPSON, LEXMARK, INTEL, D-LINK, 3COM, CISCO. Chief Immediate Partners. direct supervision: 15 employees. In the Branch Construction,
Project Manager, Project Construction Marginal Urban Housing Tamayenses, Construction of 42 Housing located in the Muey, Salinas Canton parish. $ $ 228,000 project
Project Manager, UNE School in Canton El Carmen Manabi, expansion of school. $
$ 115,000 project
Both projects completed successfully and within the time limit. Specific Description:
Define and establish policies sales techniques and marketing.
Coordinate the local and international purchase of equipment and parts based on stock inventory and sales.
Maintain and increase sales quotas agreed with distributors.
Develop and control the budget of the Company.
Check the customers of the Company, maintaining a healthy portfolio.
Responsible for ensuring the proper functioning of the Administration and Technical Operation of the Company.
MICROCOMM S.A. May 98 - May 2001
General Manager.
Responsible for Planning, Management and Control and operating profitability of the company. Microcomm S.A.
Specific Description:
Define and establish policies sales and marketing.
Coordinate the local and international purchase of equipment and parts based on stock inventory and sales.
Maintain and increase sales quotas, agreed with manufacturers.
Develop and control the budget of the Company.
Check the customers of the Company, maintaining a healthy portfolio.
Responsible for ensuring the proper functioning of the administration and operation of the Company.
ESCUELA POLITECNICA DEL LITORAL ESPOL June 98 to February 2000 Director of the Integrated Voice and Data Alarms.
(Professional Services) responsible for maintaining the System Voice, Data and Alarms in perfect condition, both on the campus of the Rocks and Prosperina. Immediate Chief: Vice-Rector for Administration and Finance. Direct supervision: 5 people.
Specific Description:
Coordinate and planned new voice and data facilities.
Budgeting of new infrastructure.
Make changes to computer networks.
Check the proper operation of all networks.
MICROPRO INTERNACIONAL August 95 to April 98
Sales Manager.
Responsible for promotions, marketing and sales teams of the company. Immediate Chief: General Manager. direct supervision: 5 people. Specific Description:
Establish policies and sales quotas to sales staff to my office.
Planning marketing to both resellers and end customers.
coordinate with the General Manager the purchase of new product lines and inventory.
Support sales staff to close the important negotiations in volume and quantity.
Trainning of the sales team on new trading techniques.
Conduct sales promotions based on the level of stock.
Schedule and plan participation in fairs.
BAJIRESA S.A. August 93 to July 95
General Manager.
Responsible for the planning, management and control of the company in terms of its operation, administration and sales.
Chief Immediate Partners. Direct supervision: 15 employees Specific Description:
Place the positive to the company within the first five Guayaquil market, achieving annual sales of $ 1,200,000.
Continuous Marketing customers.
Control of the results of the company.
Schedule jobs to perform maintenance and repair of equipment.
Manage national and international purchases of computer equipment
Supervision and management company personnel.
CODATOS S.A. September 91 to July 93
Ericsson exclusive distributor for Ecuador
Chief Responsible for sales projects and facilities projects PBXs. Immediate Chief: General Manager. Direct supervision: 5 employees Specific Description:
Responsible for the installation of System Integrated Voice and data ESPOL Project 1,200,000 dollars
Sales and installation of the phone system for the Bolivarian Bank.
trainning sales staff.
BAJIRESA March 91 to September 91
Technical manager.
Responsible for organizing, controlling and planning the maintenance, repair and advice of computers and printers.
Immediate Chief: General Manager. direct supervision: 3 people. Specific Description:
Monitor and control their staff.
Schedule jobs to perform maintenance and repair of equipment.
Planning ongoing training of technicians.
Coordinate input / output equipment to the workshop.
advising clients on the best use of the equipment to extend the life of them. TRAINING: COURSES AND SEMINARS
• Refining Components Management - 10 hours - in December 2015 - MBA Daniel Susaeta Vásquez
• ITIL V3. FOUNDATION - 24 Hours - November 2015 - ASOMIP
• CONTRATACIÓN PÚBLICA – ADMINISTRACIÓN DE CONTRATOS- 40 Hours
– September 2015 - NS Consultants
• Serious Game Workshop - 8 Hours - August 2015 – CNT
• Desing Thinking for co-creation in Electronic Government - 8 Hours - December 2014 – SNAP
• Nueroliderazgo and Design Talent - 8 Hours - November 2014 - SECAP / SNAP
• Introduction to COBIT 5 to 2 Hours - August 2014 - SNAP / EXACT
• Tivoli Storage Manager V7.1 - 32 Hours - June 2014 - Team Sinergy
• Hacking Pure - 16 Hours - February 2014 - Ministry of Foreign Affairs
• Workshop "Management Administration" in Fundación Banco Popular, 4 modules: Strategic Planning,
LANGUAGES:
• English ability: Swissvale College High School- Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania
• Student Exchange Program DOOR OPEN USA, 1979
• German: Colegio Aleman Humboldt 1968 - 1982
SKILLS - SKILLS:
Results-oriented
Negotiation skills
Great adaptability to change.
Excellent interpersonal relationships.
Leadership .
Capacity in decision making.
Ability to work under pressure.
Teamwork oriented.
Strong analytical and problem solving skills
Demonstrated leadership in service and customer orientation with excellent customer relationship skills
Results oriented and goal driven achievement with strong quality focus Experience in asset management, including asset planning, inventory, tracking and auditing
PERSONAL INFORMATION:
Marital Status: Married, 2 children
Date of Birth: March 2, 1964
Marital Status: Married, 2 children
Date of Birth: March 2, 1964
Identity Card: 090*******
I am an honest, respectable, results-oriented person, with excellent interpersonal relationships in teamwork and problem solving. i have a professional drivers license from Ecuador for more than 30 years
EXPERIENCIA LABORAL
MINISTERIO DE TELECOMUNICACIONES Y DE LA SOCIEDAD DE LA INFORMACIÓN
Junio 2021 – Julio 2021
Subsecretario de Gobierno Electrónico y de Registro Civil Encargado Responsable de:
Misión
“Definir estrategias, normativas, planes, programas, proyectos que sean necesarios para el desarrollo e implementación del Gobierno Electrónico y Simplificación de Trámites, en el sector público a través de gobernanza electrónica interoperabilidad, seguridad de la información y provisión de servicios electrónicos, así como el fortalecimiento de la gestión de la identidad y registro de datos civiles”.
Agosto 2017 – Julio 2021
Director de Infraestructura, Interoperabilidad, Seguridad de la Información y Registro Civil. Responsable de:
• Elabore la primera Política Nacional de Ciberseguridad del Ecuador con el apoyo de un equipo Interministerial.
• Elabore la versión actual y vigente del Esquema Gubernamental de la Seguridad de la Información.
• Responsable de la Implementación y seguimiento al Esquema Gubernamental de la Seguridad de la Información en las Instituciones de la Administración Pública Central Institucional y que Dependen del Ejecutivo.
• Fortalecer la seguridad de la información de las instituciones de la APCID a través de políticas, planes y proyectos, normas, servicios y controles con la finalidad mitigar los riesgos asociados a la información.
• Gestionar, regular y simplificar el intercambio de información a través de la plataforma de interoperabilidad Gubernamental, Bus De Servicios Gubernamentales, (BSG).
• Gestionar la provisión de la infraestructura tecnológica necesaria para la correcta operación de los Sistemas Transversales administrados por la Subsecretaría de Gobierno Electrónico, como QUIPUX, GOB.EC, GPR, SITIOS WEB GUBERNAMENTALES
• Responsable del Seguimiento a la Dirección General de Registro Civil, y de los proyectos de Identidad Digital y firma electrónica en la cédula que ejecuta el Registro Civil.
SECRETARIA NACIONAL DE LA ADMINISTRACION PUBLICA
Julio 2016 – Julio 2017
Director Nacional de Interoperabilidad, Seguridad de la Información e Infraestructura. Responsable de:
• Gestionar, regular y simplificar el intercambio de información a través de la plataforma de interoperabilidad Gubernamental, Bus De Servicios Gubernamentales, (BSG).
• Fortalecer la seguridad de la información de las instituciones de la APCID a través de políticas, planes y proyectos, normas, servicios y controles con la finalidad mitigar los riesgos asociados a la información.
• Responsable de la Implementación y seguimiento al Esquema Gubernamental de la Seguridad de la Información en las Instituciones de la Administración Pública Central Institucional y que Dependen del Ejecutivo.
• Gestionar la provisión de la infraestructura tecnológica necesaria para la correcta operación de los Sistemas Transversales administrados por la Subsecretaría de Gobierno Electrónico de la SNAP, como QUIPUX, GPR
SECRETARIA NACIONAL DE LA ADMINISTRACION PUBLICA
Junio 2013 – febrero 2016
Especialista de Soporte Informático Gubernamental. Responsable de Mesa de Servicios, Administrador del Sistema OTRS, CEGE, Sistema de Noticias, Sistema CTI, Agenda. Velar por que estos sistemas se encuentren operativos, escalar nuevas funcionalidades a desarrollo para su implementación. Capacitación de usuarios en Quipux, Portal de trámites ciudadanos, Agenda. Soporte a clientes internos y externos GBC TECH S.A.
Mayo 2001 – dic. 2012
Gerente General. Responsable por la Planificación, Dirección y Control de la rentabilidad y operación de la empresa GBC TECH S.A. está dirigida a la Asesoría, y elaboración de redes eléctricas, de comunicaciones de datos alámbricas e inalámbricas, y a las ventas al por menor de equipos de comunicación y computación, y es distribuidor autorizado de equipos DELL, HP, EPSON, LEXMARK, INTEL, D-LINK, 3COM, CISCO. Jefe Inmediato: Socios. Supervisión directa: 15 empleados. En la Rama de Construcción,
Jefe de Proyectos, Construcción del Proyecto de Vivienda Urbano Marginal Tamayenses, Construcción de 42 Viviendas ubicado en la parroquia Muey, Cantón Salinas. Proyecto de $ 228.000 dólares
Jefe de Proyecto, Escuela UNE en Cantón El Carmen Provincia de Manabí, ampliación de Escuela. Proyecto de $ 115.000 dólares
Ambos Proyectos terminados exitosamente y en el plazo otorgado. Descripción Específica:
Definir y establecer políticas técnicas de ventas y su comercialización.
Coordinar y realizar las compras locales e internacionales de equipos, partes y piezas en base al stock del inventario y rotación de las ventas.
Mantener y Aumentar los cupos de ventas acordados con los distribuidores.
Elaborar y controlar el presupuesto de la Empresa.
Controlar las cobranzas de la empresa manteniendo una cartera sana.
Responsable de velar por el buen funcionamiento de la Administración y Operación Técnica de la Empresa.
MICROCOMM S.A.
Mayo 98 – mayo 2001
Gerente General. Responsable por la Planificación, Dirección y Control de la rentabilidad y operación de la empresa. Microcomm S.A. está dirigida a las ventas al por mayor de equipos, partes y piezas de computación, y es distribuidor autorizado de equipos IBM y PREMIO para el Ecuador.
Jefe Inmediato: Socios. Supervisión directa: 20 empleados Descripción Específica:
Definir y establecer políticas de ventas y su comercialización.
Coordinar y realizar las compras locales e internacionales de equipos, partes y piezas en base al stock del inventario y rotación de las ventas.
Mantener y Aumentar los cupos de ventas acordados con los fabricantes.
Elaborar y controlar el presupuesto de la Empresa.
Controlar las cobranzas de la empresa manteniendo una cartera sana.
Responsable de velar por el buen funcionamiento de la Administración y Operación de la Empresa.
ESCUELA SUPERIOR POLITECNICA DEL LITORAL-ESPOL
Junio 98 a febrero 2000
Director del Sistema Integrado de Voz Datos y Alarmas. (Servicios Profesionales) Responsable de mantener el Sistema de Voz, Datos y Alarmas en perfecto estado, tanto en el Campus de las Peñas como en Prosperina.
Jefe Inmediato: Vice-Rector Administrativo y Financiero. Supervisión Directa: 5 personas.
Descripción Específica:
Coordinar y realizar las nuevas instalaciones planificadas de voz y datos.
Elaboración de presupuestos de nuevas obras de infraestructura.
Realizar cambios de redes de computación.
Verificar el buen funcionamiento de todas las redes. MICROPRO INTERNACIONAL
Agosto 95 a abril 98
Gerente de Ventas. Responsable por las promociones, mercadeo y ventas de los equipos de la empresa.
Jefe Inmediato: Gerente General. Supervisión directa: 5 personas. Descripción Específica:
Establecer políticas y cuotas de ventas al staff de ventas a mi cargo.
Planificar el mercadeo y comercialización de los productos tanto a los distribuidores como a los clientes finales.
Coordinar con el Gerente General la compra de nuevas líneas de productos, así como la reposición del inventario.
Soporte al staff de ventas para cerrar las negociaciones importantes en volumen y cantidad.
Capacitar al equipo de ventas en nuevas técnicas de negociación.
Realizar promociones de ventas en base al nivel de stock.
Programar y planificar las participaciones en ferias. BAJIRESA S.A.
Agosto 93 a julio 95
Gerente General. Responsable por la Planificación, Dirección y Control de la empresa en lo referente a su operación, administración y ventas. Jefe Inmediato: Socios. Supervisión directa: 15 empleados Descripción Específica:
Posesionar a la empresa dentro de las cinco primeras del mercado de Guayaquil, logrando ventas anuales de 1 200.000 dólares.
Mercadeo continuo de clientes.
Control de los resultados de la empresa.
Planificar trabajos a realizar de mantenimiento y reparaciones de equipos.
Realizar compras nacionales e internaciones de equipos de computación
Supervisión y administración del personal de la empresa. CODATOS S.A.
Septiembre 91 a julio 93
Distribuidor exclusivo de Ericsson para el Ecuador Jefe de Proyectos Responsable por los proyectos de ventas e instalaciones de centrales telefónicas.
Jefe Inmediato: Gerente General. Supervisión directa: 5 empleados Descripción Específica:
Responsable de la instalación del Sistema Integrado de Voz y datos para la ESPOL, Proyecto de 1.200.000 dólares
Venta e instalación de la Central Telefónica para el Banco Bolivariano.
Capacitar personal de ventas.
BAJIRESA
Marzo 91 a septiembre 91
Gerente Técnico. Responsable por organizar, controlar y planificar el mantenimiento, reparación y asesoramiento de computadoras e impresoras. Jefe Inmediato: Gerente General. Supervisión directa: 3 personas. Descripción Específica:
Supervisar y controlar personal a su cargo.
Planificar trabajos a realizar de mantenimiento y reparaciones de equipos.
Planificar la capacitación continua de los técnicos.
Coordinar la entrada/salida de los equipos al taller.
Asesoría a clientes sobre el mejor uso de los equipos a fin de ampliar la vida útil de los mismos.
CAPACITACION: CURSOS Y SEMINARIOS
• Participante en Cibersecurity Summer Bootcamp de la OEA e Incibe 2021. (Virtual) 1 semana
• Participante en Simposio de Ciberseguridad de la OEA en 2020 (virtual) 1 Semana
• Varios Talleres con la OEA para la elaboración de la Politica de Ciberseguridad del Ecuador 2019
• Participante en Simposio de Ciberseguridad de la OEA en 2019 Santiago de Chile 1 semana
• Taller iso 27005:2011 gestión de riesgos de seguridad de la información
• Best practices for national cyber strategy development and implementation workshop dado por MITRE 2019 en cooperación con el Gobierno de los Estados Unidos
• Talleres para el desarrollo de la Estrategia Nacional de Ciberseguridad dados por NRD Ciber Security empresa noruega auspiciado por el BID, 2018 y 2019.
• Taller para la Desarrollo e Implementación del CSIRT nacional dado por NRD Ciber Security 2019.
• Curso para AUDITOR INTERNO ISO 27001:2013 24 horas asistido
• Curso de NORMAS ISO 27001:2013 8 horas asistido
• Curso Ejecutivo en Israel, Promoviendo las mejores Prácticas en Ciberseguridad febrero 2019, 15 días, auspiciado por El Gobierno de Israel, Banco Interamericano de Desarrollo
• Curso de Ethical Hacking dado por Incibe, en El Salvador cooperación técnica entre Ecuador España y El Salvador. 2018
• Varias representaciones a eventos técnicos en Panamá, República Dominicana en temas de Seguridad de la Información y Gobierno Electrónico
• Afinamiento de Administración de Componentes - 10 Horas - diciembre 2015 - MBA Daniel Susaeta Vásquez
• ITIL V3. FOUNDATION - 24 Horas – noviembre 2015 – ASOMIP
• CONTRATACIÓN PÚBLICA – ADMINISTRACIÓN DE CONTRATOS - 40 Horas - septiembre 2015 - NS Consultores
• Múltiples cursos y seminarios
IDIOMAS:
• Dominio del idioma inglés: Colegio Swissvale High School- Pittsburgh, Pensilvania
• Estudiante de intercambio en Programa OPEN DOOR en USA, 1979
• Dominio del idioma alemán: Colegio Alemán Humboldt
Contact this candidate