Kenyon Jones
Gainesville GA *****
Cell: 678-***-****
ac53ya@r.postjobfree.com
Summary
Software Engineer (Computer Vision / Machine Learning) seeking fulltime or contractual employment.
Skills
Machine Learning (sk-learn, BURLAP, DQN) A.I. Control (SLAM, Pathing, Kalman/Particle
Computer Vision (OpenCV, Video Processing) Filters)
Google Cloud Platform Web Development (MVC, .NET, js, jquery)
Data Analysis (R, Regression Models) Programming (C++, C#, Python, Java, R)
Experience
CineTeX January 2018 to June 2018
Partner / CV Software Engineer
Atlanta, GA
Implemented cloud based service gif & mp4 editor.
Haar Cascades applied to frame data to detect faces, optimal halting achieved through expectation
maximization of feature predictions and observations.
Data features generated and processed through statistical methods including linear weighted coefficients
and DBSCAN clustering.
Face tracking ordered by descending time series signal strength.
Face images supplied by the user are 'pasted' on the original video file.
Sports Fields Inc. May 2015 to December 2017
Software Engineer
Gainesville, GA
Estimate Generator (R, R Studio, Regression Analysis, Text Analysis)
Predictive Climate Control Simulation (Python, Reinforcement Learning, Q-Learning, Scikit-learn.)
EarthLink June 2013 to May 2015
Software Engineering
Atlanta, GA
Developed features for EarthLink's OSM UI for managing telecommunications orders.
Designed and modified XSLT scripts to parse complex telecom data pulled from various web services.
Created websites with dynamic UI elements of sufficient complexity to display large amounts of telecom
data without impeding on the user experience.
Developed a website designed to emulate the form and function of a predecessor Sybase PowerBuilder
application for the management of telecom data (customers, orders, accounts, etc.)
Worked with Sybase PowerBuilder v11.5 to make enhancements and modifications to legacy code base.
Education and Training
Georgia Institute of Technology 2017
Master of Science: Computer Science - Machine Learning
Atlanta, GA, United States
Continuing Education Center - Southern Polytechnic State University 2013
Bachelor of Science: Computer Science
Marietta, GA, United States
Contact this candidate