Experienced AI engineer with a specialized focus on computer vision, I possess excellent algorithmic thinking and programming skills. Deeply passionate about AI, I am committed to continuous learning. Currently seeking opportunities to explore image processing to enhance proficiency in both technical and managerial aspects. My future goal is to establish and effectively manage a CV team. My career-long objective is to stay updated with evolving technological trends in computer vision.
Mining large datasets
Fine-tuning deep learning models, LLMs
Deploying models ONNX, TensorRT, Triton, Deepstream Algorithmic thinking and coding with C/C++, Python Quick learner with ability to work independently
Kafka, RabbitMQ
ElasticSearch
Docker
MySQL, SQLServer, MongoDB
Web programming with Python, HTML, CSS
ICOMM Media & Tech Jsc.
VisualSearch - Key Member
Develop Yolo, Retina detection model.
Research and deploy FastSAM (child of Segment-Anything) to segment all objects in images Develop core’s embedding model to extract characteristic features of objects Sep 2022 - Present
SUMMARY
THE HUNG PHAM
EXPERIENCE
SKILLS
AI Camera - Key Member
Apply several algorithms such as IVF, HNSW, Milnus for a search system Research and train face recognition module with large-scale face datasets Face Generative Module - Key Member
Face Restoration: GFP-GAN, GPEN, DifFace
Face Frontialization: Generate a frontialized face from a rotated face Face Attribute Editing: Research and build a module latent vector PTI for editing attribute’s face such as: smile, age.
Face Image Quality Assessment
Phone: +84-366****** Mail: ad3o3t@r.postjobfree.com Linkedin: linkedin.com/in/hungpham00 Github: github.com/ChuRuaNh0 Location: Ha Noi, Vietnam
Computer Vision Engineer
Other Modules - Member
License Plate Restoration & Car Restoration: Build restoration models for enhancing license plate images and car images quality to deal with practical problems. License Plate Detection: Research, train various detection methods (YOLO, Retinanet) to balance between accuracy and performance, deploy to Triton and Deepstream for production. Uniform Classification: Classify images of different uniforms into categories. Customize BatchNMS YOLO: Add BatchNMS to YOLO model to enable deployment on TensorRT OCR: Research, train various OCR methods: Combine various encoder and decoder pretrain English with data’s Vietnamese.
Diffusion Model (Image Generative)
Machine Learning
Neural Network and Deep learning
DeepLearning.AI - Stanford course on Coursera
DeepLearning.AI - Stanford course on Coursera
CERTIFICATES
AI Engineer - Data Science
Excellent AI Engineer - Data Science of VTC Academy FastSam (CASIA-IVA-Lab)
github.com/CASIA-IVA-Lab/FastSAM
Build and deploy engine onnx, tensorrt, NMS.
July 2023 - Present
Assistant Researcher in University
Hanoi university of Industry
A member of the CV team, researching ML algorithms for CV. Plant-disease-detection (3rd)
Suspicious-Human-Activity-Detection
Jun 2021 - Sept 2022
Faiss (Facebook)
https://github.com/facebookresearch/faiss
Optimize top-k search algorithm, range search algorithm with boundary search (on ram, on disk) Decrease complexity from O(nlog(n)) to O(nlog(k))
Sep 2023 - Present
CONTRIBUTIONS
Contact this candidate