Ratna Maharjan
Email:-ac0kx5@r.postjobfree.com
Ph. No: - 240-***-****
**** ********** ** ************ ** 20879

Status :U.S. Citizen

Public Trust Clearance :Active

Summary

Over 4 years of experience in QA testing fields.
IT professional experienced in all phases of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) exclusively focusing on QA Automated and Manual Testing.
Have a good knowledge on Ms Excel and Access
Have a good knowledge of Python and Java programming languages
Experienced in Selenium suite products ranging from Selenium WebDriver, Selenium IDE, Selenium RC and Selenium Grid.
Experienced in building modular test cases.
Vast experience in integrating data from external sources into WebDriver Scripts.
Extensively used external data to populate Web Pages for testing via Selenium Web Driver.
Well versed with agile software Development.
Worked on projects using Selenium to perform automated regression testing in order to identify any gaps, errors and defects.
Experienced in writing structured query language (SQL) on Linux and Windows platform.
Have vast experience in several testing and bug reporting tools such as Jira,Test Director, Quality Center, Bugzilla and Selenium.
Solid understanding of object-oriented design and development.
Have good knowledge on Agile development principles
Have understanding of web services (SOAP/REST)
Experienced with the following :
service-oriented architecture (SOA), XML, WSDL, Java Messaging Service, Rabbit-MQ relational databases such as Oracle or Postgres, CM and build tools such as Maven, Rational Team Concert, and scripting languages such as Python, Java.
Experience with web application and web service development. Experience with Java, J2EE, and interface tools such as Eclipse, Spring Tool Suite. Understanding of the fundamentals of iterative development.
Have good knowledge on using WinSCP tool for secure file transfer between local machine to Remote machine

Technical Skills

Testing Tools : Quick Test Professional (QTP), Selenium Webdriver, LoadRunner/SoapUI
Bug Reporting Tools : Jira, Quality Center, Bugzilla,
Operating Systems : Windows 98, 2000, XP, Windows 7,windows10
Database : SQL Server, My SQL, Oracle 9i/11g, MS Access.
Others : MS Office Suite-Word, Excel, Rabbit MQ, MS Project.
Programming Language: SQL, HTML, XML, Python, Java

Work Experience

Client : Transportation Security Administration (TSA) 12/ 2016-Present
Project : Transportation Workers Identification Credential (TWIC)
Role : QA Tester
Environment : Selenium, EDI, Windows 7, SQL Server, SQL.

Responsibilities:

The Transportation Worker Identification Credential (TWIC) program, managed jointly by TSA and the Coast Guard, will be the first program to move into the new consolidated effort. TWIC has enrolled more than 2.1 million transportation workers to date with the goal of providing secure access to port facilities and maritime vessels.
Currently, TSA manages several different programs to verify and manage identities for transportation workers at airports, including those who handle hazardous materials and support maritime facilities. The Accenture contract eventually will consolidate those into a single program which is known as Technology Infrastructure Modernization (TIM) Program. As a test engineer, my prime responsibility in the project is to execute automated testing on both Web Front end and back end systems and run test validations by importing Selenium Webdriver libraries on Java Code at various levels including DB validation, rules validation, logging validation, and UI validation Besides these, I also involved in working closely with developers, professional services team and product managers to define the automated testing components that will be used to validate requirements against developed software and to work with team members in adopting and learning test automation techniques .

Client : Maryland State Insurance Administration 03/2016-11/2016
Project : Enterprise Complaint Tracking System (ECTS)
Role : QA Tester
Environment : Selenium, EDI, Windows 7, SQL Server, SQL.

Responsibilities:
Maryland Insurance Administration recently decided to add online insurance complaint forms onto their existing website. The agency has created several forms that users can fill in to log their complaints. Multiple forms were created based on the subject areas. These subject areas include Contact Information, Insurance, Property & Casualty, Dental, and Medical Necessity. These forms were created using html. After the creation of these forms, there was a need to develop a thorough test process. I was given an opportunity to do an analysis of the different products available and recommend a cost effective tool. After evaluating several products, I recommended Selenium WebDriver as this is an open source product and can work with several open source languages: Python, Java, C#, Pearl, PHP and Ruby. The agency decided to implement python along with Selenium WebDriver. I am tasked to implement automated testing. After reviewing the requirements, along with the developed screens, I came up with a detailed Test Plan with several test cases and various test scenarios. I imported Selenium Webdriver libraries into python code which I wrote to automate the testing of several forms. These results were then compared with the actual results. Several discrepancies were discovered and were sent back to the developers for code fixes. This is an iterative approach and is an ongoing process between the developers and me. The agency is very pleased with this automated testing approach resulting in fewer testers.

Client : Department of Energy 02/2014-01/2016
Project : Compliance Tracking System (CTS) Project Tracking System (PTS)
Role : QA Tester
Environment : Selenium, Version Control-Team Foundation Server,Jazz,IBM RTC/RQM
Task Foundation Server, Task Management-Jira, SQL Server Management
Studio
Responsibilities:
I worked as part of a Scrum Development Team and/or as Agile Tester, conducted and effectively participated in sprint planning, task estimates, task sequencing, task assignments, sprint reviews and retrospectives. I also worked effectively to define testable user stories, especially acceptance criteria, with customer. Some of the other core responsibilities included documenting and reporting issues discovered during testing, and following up for resolution. I actively participated in collaborating with developers and business stakeholders to clarify requirements, especially in terms of testability, consistency, and completeness. The components which our testing team was responsible for included CTS which is a web based data collection and reporting system for Federal facilities mandated by Section 432 of the Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007(EISA). Besides CTS our team was also responsible for testing the Project Tracking System which is a centralized repository for all project related information and activities. We had two teams to perform testing. The testing included both Automation and Manual testing. I was responsible for writing scripts and automating the testing process with the use of Selenium Webdriver.

Client : 1st Colonial Community Bank, 01/2013–11/2013
Project : Processing Personalized and customizable web application
Role : Selenium WebDriver Tester
Environment : Selenium, SQL, XML, Load runner 8.0, Windows

Responsibilities:

I worked as a QA tester at 1st Colonial Community Bank which had multiple web based applications. This was a large scale project dealing with modifications to online credit card application processing, maintaining customer information, online banking and online bill payment. The objective of the project was to enhance the user online experience by making the applications user friendly. My role was to review the requirements of the project, and automate the testing process. 1st Colonial Community Bank was using QTP and the goal was to convert QTP test scripts into Selenium Webdriver. I used Python as a language to invoke Selenium Webdriver to test the functionality of the applications. I was involved in all phases of the testing life cycle which covered creating Test plans, Test cases and execution of the Test scripts. I worked closely with the development team to resolve the defects and testability issues throughout Software Test Life Cycle. I performed tests to evaluate the performance, efficiency and security of the product. Another aspect of testing included testing of the broken links. Various functional areas were covered in the testing process such as account information, bill payment, transfers, wireless alerts, products, services, and Quick links. I was also responsible for writing SQL statements to check if the data integrity has been maintained. I also wrote SQL statements to test the integration between Application and Database. All testing was documented and stored in share point for tracking purposes.
Education and Training
Montgomery College, Rockville, MD 2015
Software Testing /QA Level I/ Level II
Course covered the following subject areas:-
Automation tools -Selenium suites (Selenium IDE, Selenium RC, Selenium Webdriver and Selenium Grid
Programming Language- Python
Exceltech Inc, Gallows Rd, VA 2013
Agile Software Development/ Programming Languages
Course covered the following topics:-
Software Development Life Cycle( SDLC) and Software Testing Life Cycle(STLC)
Using Automation tools Quick Test Professional (QTP) and Quality Center (QC)
Methodologies-Waterfall and Agile
Human Resource Development Center – Ministry of Science & Technology, Nepal 2002
Diploma in Database Management
Course covered the following subject areas:-
Oracle 8i
Visual Basic
SQL
Relation Data Modeling
Computer Networking
Tribhuvan University, Kathmandu, Nepal 1999
Degree in Business Management

References
Available upon request.
Contact this candidate