Keerthi Rayapur
Senior QA Automation Test Engineer
202-***-****
ac1y9u@r.postjobfree.com

Software QA Automation Test Engineer with 9+ years of experience in all phases of Software Developer Life Cycle (SDLC) such as Waterfall & Agile methodologies & Software Testing Life Cycle (STLC). ISTQB certified professional. Excellent as Manual and Automation tester in various domains like Health care, Banking Finance and Insurance services.

Professional Summary:

Assessed & analyzed user stories and participated in Sprint planning, Review Sessions & Scrum Meetings and developed Test scenarios, Test cases, Test data, Test reports.
Strong knowledge of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) as well as Software Testing Life Cycle (STLC) in different testing methodologies like Agile, and Waterfall etc.
Expertise in performing Black Box Testing, functional testing, Usability Testing, System Testing, Regression Testing, System Integrating Testing (SIT) and User Acceptance Testing (UAT).
Immense exposure in testing deliverables including creation of Test plans, RTM, Test case specifications, Test execution, Defect tracking, Resolution, Documenting and Reporting.
Developed and executed Test Plan, Test Cases, and Test scripts for various applications.
Best in validating Selenium locators such as ID, Name, Class Name, Xpath, Link Text, Partial Link, CSS, Tag name with Log4j, Maven and TEST NG annotations.
Involved with source version control tools such as Subversion (SVN) & GIT.
Expertise in using Tools HP Quality Center, Bugzilla, Rally and JIRA, Maven, Jenkins.
Used Hybrid/Data Driven Framework and extracted data from external Excel files using Apache POI and loaded into the variables in the scripted code.
Experience with UAT testing along with data setup, Environment setup and coordination between users, Development, Business Analyst and Product Management teams.
Performed Parallel and Cross Browser testing on different browsers like Internet Explorer, Chrome, Safari and Firefox where multiple tests were run at the same time.
Worked on Selenium Grid for running the automation test script on different platforms and browsers.
Used Selenium Web Driver and TestNG to run parallel testing by creating groups and categorizing test.
Automation experience using Selenium IDE/RC/ Web Driver and TestNG frameworks.
Hands on Experience on testing web services using SOAP UI Tools.
Involved in dealing with Ajax requests in Selenium Web Driver using Synchronization.
Experienced using Accessing Forms, tables, link, Keyboard Mouse Events, Uploading File using Selenium Web Driver
Performed database validations by writing SQL queries to validate data with Oracle & My SQL.
Used the Page Object Model design pattern to create Object Repository for web UI elements and Data Driven framework for reading the data from excel sheets using Apache POI.
Developed Test Scripts to implement TDD (Test Driven Development), BDD (Behavior Driven Development) using Cucumber.
Wrote BDD UAT using Gherkin format and implemented the step definitions using Cucumber.
Quick learner of new software tools, self-starter, can work independently and in a team.
Experience in DOM (Document Object Model) used it in interacting with objects in HTML, XHTML and XML documents.
Experience in preparing test data for positive and negative Testing and identified critical bugs in the product early in the test execution cycle.
Expertise in working knowledge of Core Java and Object Oriented Concepts (Inheritance, Polymorphism, Exception Handling and Collections).
Best Communication, interpersonal, and Teamwork skills.
Excellent Organization, Analytical and Problem Solving skills and ability to quickly learn new technologies.

Technical Skills:

Bug Reporting
HP Quality centre, JIRA, Rally, Rational Clear Quest, Bugzilla.
Automation Tools
Selenium IDE, Selenium Web Driver, Selenium RC, Selenium Grid, Quick Test Pro, Cucumber, JUnit, TestNG, log4j, Soap UI.
OS
Windows, UNIX & LINUX
Browsers
Internet Explorer, Mozilla Firefox, Google Chrome, Safari
Databases
IBM DB2, MS SQL Server 2005, Oracle, MS Access.
Front End
HTML, DHTML, ASP, JavaScript, XML.
MS Office Tools
Outlook, Word, Excel, Power-point, MS-Access
Programming tools
Java, C, C++, VBScript
Utilities
Eclipse, GIT, SVN, Auto IT,
Framework
Data Driven, Hybrid, Test Data Driven, Behaviour data driven, Page Object Model
The MetroHealth,
Cleveland, Ohio. Feb 2016 to present.
Senior QA Automation Engineer.
Work Experience:

The MetroHealth is non-profit and public health care system which provides an integrated health care services, it is one of the three major health care systems in Cleveland, helps to take care ill and injured, they are accumulated with variety of services in preventive care for adult and children, adult trauma and dental care services. The main goal is to treat patients like family and have access to all levels of care in different locations for their convenience.

Roles & Responsibilities:

Involved actively in the Sprint Planning sessions to analyze the user stories in the Product Backlog.
Reviewed and Analyzed the user requirements to create Test Plan and Test Cases and gathered the Test Data requirements.
Healthy participation in User Story Grooming Sessions and estimations and involved in solution governance to extract knowledge.
Used manual testing, Automation testing, Functional testing, Regression testing, and Black Box Testing and UAT Testing.
Developed Test Scripts to implement Test Cases, Test Scenarios, and features for BDD (Behavior Driven Development), TDD (Test Driven Development) using Cucumber
Utilized the Page Object Model design pattern to create Object Repository for web UI elements and Data Driven framework for reading the data from excel sheets using Apache POI.
Monitored with SVN to manage files, folders, directories and the modification made to these files.
Worked with utilities like Firebug and Fire path for the identification of web elements using locators such as id, name, X-path, CSS Selectors, Link Text, Partial Link Text and Tag name.
Performed Functional, Regression, Positive and Negative Testing for each build of the applications.
Configured Selenium WebDriver, TestNG, Maven and created Selenium automation scripts in java using TestNG prior to agile release.
dInvolved and executed the test scripts with Java, Selenium WebDriver, and TestNG and logged defects in JIRA.
Contributed in developing Automation Framework that uses Java, Selenium Web Driver and TestNG. Performed Data driven testing using Selenium Web Driver, TestNG functions and JDBC Connections which reads data from scripts using property and XML files.
Performed with automated scripts and performed functionality testing during the various phases of the application development using Selenium.
Developed automated test scripts from manual test cases for Regression testing based on the requirement documents using Selenium Web driver, TestNG and Apache POI.
Enhanced Test cases using Java programming features and TestNG Annotations
Managed to the Data-Driven testing by developing Java based library to read test data from Excel & Properties files.
Worked on Selenium Grid for automation script in Java for cross platform testing.
Utilized with Jenkins and Maven to regularly build the project and manage the builds.
Prepared project metrics and summary reports, defect tracking reports to report the entire status to the product owners and the stakeholders serving as a point of contact.
Participated QA weekly meetings and various other meetings and discusses enhancement and modification request issues and defects in the application.
Extensively focused in sprint retrospective meeting to discuss previous iteration’s success, failure and recommend process improvements for next iteration.
Facilitated QA triage call to prioritize the issues logged in JIRA and participated in daily scrum meeting.

Environment: Agile, Windows, Selenium Grid, Selenium Web driver, Cucumber, IE, Firefox, Chrome, JIRA, MS-Office, Jenkins, TestNG, Maven, Git, HTML, CSS, Java Script.

M&T Bank.
Buffalo, New York. August 2015 to February 2016. QA Automation Engineer.

M&T Bank has been recognized for its financial strength and sound management. Provides banking, insurance, investments, mortgage and commercial financial services and a variety of online and mobile service. M&T applications help customers to make their goal of transition as easy as possible in one convenient place and help the customers to save time with most of the common banking tasks.

Roles & Responsibilities:

Drafted Test Plan which included testing objectives, testing phases, scenarios and test environment after a thorough analysis of the business rules and discussed ambiguities with business analysts.
Participated in technical, status review, and release and production meetings
Designed and developed automated scripts for functional, regression, sanity, and integration testing using Selenium.
Wrote BDD, UAT using Gherkin format and implemented the step definitions using Cucumber.
Involved and Developed test automation Artifacts (scripts, functions, scenarios, processes) for simple to complex automated testing situations using various tools like Selenium, Cucumber, TestNG and XPath.
Customized Selenium API to suit in testing environment.
Involved in developing feature files using Cucumber in TestNG Used Selenium Web driver, Parallel Processing, Eclipse TestNG Annotations in creating HTML reports, Test Suites and Test Scripts
Developed test scripts to identify the web Elements through locators using Firebug and Fire Path Firefox plugins.
Performed Parallel and Cross Browser Testing using TestNG on different browsers like Internet Explorer, Chrome, Safari and Firefox where multiple tests were run at the same time.
Created test approach and test cases for logging module & reviewed and analyzed the existing test scripts.
Maintained user documentation with Selenium output screenshots for User Acceptance Testing (UAT).
Incorporated the test data in Test scripts from Excel using Apache POI for API Testing.
Developed Back-end Testing using complex queries to retrieve the user information to cross validate in UI and databases.
Used Firebug Tool to identify the Object's id, Name, XPath, link in the application.
Performed cross-browser testing.
Involved in testing on web services using SOAPUI with XML web services and SOAP.
Participated in multi browser testing to check application can work on IE, Firefox and Chrome browsers
Expertise in Project Management tools like JIRA to prioritize, classify bugs and tracked defects.
Successfully Completed User Acceptance Testing (UAT) on each release of the project with the help of end user requirements.
Maintaining the Selenium scripts in GIT repository
Configured Maven and Jenkins for better dependency and automatic build deployment.
Performed Selenium Grid to execute tests on different machines against different browsers in parallel.
Controlled JDBC connections to retrieve data from database.

Environment: HTML, Microsoft Office WSDL, POM, Agile, SOAPUI, Cucumber, XPath, GIT, Selenium Web driver, Selenium Grid, Jenkins, Maven, TestNG, JIRA, HTML, CSS, Java Script.

Wells Fargo,
Hyderabad, India. September 2012 to May 2015
QA Tester.

Wells Fargo is an American international banking and stands third largest bank in the U.S. It provides mortgage, investing, credit card, insurance, consumer and commercial financial services. and other related functionalities.

Roles and Responsibilities:

Reviewed the Business Requirements Document, Functional Specifications Document and Technical Documentation.
Involved in writing and making enhancements to the test plan, test cases and test scripts for Functional Testing.
Developed Functions and Sub Procedures, saved them in library files and used them whenever required.
Performed Smoke Testing, Sanity Testing, System Health Check before beginning to test officially, Functional Testing, Cross-Browser Testing, Regression Testing, Manual and Automated Testing, Integration Testing, Back-end validation Testing and End to end Testing.
Tested various HTTP Request and Response APIs using object-oriented scripts.
Created the test plan and test cases in Java/Selenium based on the input and the different requirements provided by the product owner for the Payments and Credits team.
Raised defects and performed tracking using RALLY. Created automated functional scripts for the report generation module using Selenium RC.
Used Selenium Grid to execute test cases in parallel on different target machines.
Executed test scripts and validated the actual results against the expected results.
Selected the Test Cases to be automated and performed functional testing of the front end using Selenium (IDE and Web Driver) & created Data Driven framework using TestNG.
Created Test Scripts in SOAP UI for Testing Web Services.
Performed cross browser testing on different Operating Systems like Windows, Linux and Mac and on different browsers like Internet explorer, Firefox, Google Chrome, Safari and Opera.
Regression testing was performed after each build release of the application and updated the Scripts by executing the Regression suites built using Selenium and approve for regression suite
Performed back end testing by writing and executing SQL queries to validate that data is being populated in appropriate tables and manually verify the correctness of the data with front-end values.
Performed agile testing, review the stories and participated in Daily Scrum, Iteration Planning and Release Planning meeting and used Rally Tool.

Environment: Selenium IDE, Selenium Web Driver, Eclipse, SQL Server, HTML, XML, SVN, TestNG, Jenkins, SoapUI, Rally, Maven, Java.

Cognizant Technology Solutions
Hyderabad, India. June 2010 to June 2012
QA Analyst.

Cognizant is an American multi-national corporation that provides digital, consulting and operation services. Cognizant is a global leader in business and technology services and succeeded in changing business environment and helping the clients for better future of work.

Roles & Responsibilities:

Involved in analyzing Test Plan, Test Scenario, Test Cases, User Guides, Defect Management, Metrics, Release Report, Review, and Status Reports.
Understanding Business, Functional and System Requirement Specifications.
Preparation and Execution of Test Scenarios, Test Cases.
Provided review comments on Test Scenarios and Test Cases.
Created Test Plan Document based on Test Strategy Document.
Involved in peer reviews meeting with the team for test planning and Analyzing user stories to writing test cases.
Focused on Requirement Traceability matrix, Test data, Test strategy, Test Coverage Matrix, and Test reports.
Worked with development teams to investigate and correct software bugs and deficiencies based on testing results.
Created, and managed QTP Test Scripts based on the Requirements, and Scenarios.
Conducted Manual Testing of the system, prepared and managed test cases using HP ALM/ Quality Center.
Used ALM/ Quality Center as the test repository and used it for executing the test cases and scripts and logging & generating various reports and graphs for further analysis.
Recorded defects and test management using ALM/Quality Center.
to coordinate with development team for Bug fix issues.

Environment: QTP, Windows server 2003, VB Script, SQL, HP ALM/Quality Center.

LIC Life Insurance Corporation.
Hyderabad, India. July 2008 - May 2010
Manual Tester.

LIC is a major firm in India which deals with the insurance. It is associated to provide best customer service and provides many insurance plans such as health plans, pension plans, special plans, withdrawn plans for many customers in India.

Roles & Responsibilities:

Understanding the Business requirements, Application and function specifications, Design documents.
Documented Test Scenarios (positive and negative) and Test Cases based on the functional specifications.
Responsible for Black Box Testing of the application.
Checked the client side and server side validations. Tested the functionality of the application.
Involved in developing the tractability matrix in Excel sheet.
Involved in updating and executing test cases per requirements.
Identified the Test Cases and documented them in Quality Center.
Performed GUI, Functional, Negative, Positive, Regression and User Acceptance Testing
Scripted Complex Test Cases using SQL queries for data validation and to verify the data integrity in the database (Back end testing).
Conducted the System, Integration and Regression of the web application.
Prepared test scenarios and executed to validate the Tables, fields, texts and images in the Application.
Performed Backend testing by extensively using SQL queries to verify the integrity of the database.
Involved in daily status calls and reporting.
Worked with development team on defect reporting, fixes and resolution, update management on testing results, activities and planning using QC.

Environment: HP Quality Center, SQL Server, Windows XP, Microsoft office, Functional testing
Contact this candidate