Prerna Belur
Senior QA Automation Test Engineer
Email: ac2csz@r.postjobfree.com
Phone no : 609-***-****

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY:
Over 9 years of experience as a Quality Assurance professional in Automation and Manual Testing for all phases of Software Testing Life Cycle (STLC) that includes designing and implementing test plans, test cases, test execution, defect reporting and tracking. Expertise in developing Automation Test Scripts using Selenium WebDriver, Java, Cucumber, TestNG for web-based and mobile applications. Good experience as a Senior QA Automation Test Engineer in various domains like Health Care, Insurance, Banking Retail and Finance.
Experienced in implementation of different QA methodologies, plans and strategies in Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) and Software Testing Life Cycle (STLC).
Proficiency in implementing Waterfall, Agile (Sprint/Scrum) Methodology by analyzing requirement specifications and responsible for developing test scenarios, plans, test cases, strategies, scope, test procedures and test matrices.
Expertise in Automation tools such as Selenium WebDriver, Selenium IDE/RC, Selenium Grid, Java, Jenkins (continuous integration, Regression tests), Maven (Regression tests), Eclipse, TestNG (Regression tests) and JUnit.
Developed Test Scripts to implement Test Cases, Test Scenarios and features for BDD (Behavior Driven Development), TDD (Test Driven Development) using Cucumber.
Well conversant with the implementation from scratch and practical hands on experience in different types of framework like Keyword Driven, Data Driven, Hybrid and Page Object Model(POM).
Expertise in working knowledge of Core Java and Object Oriented Concepts.
Proficiently worked on Grouping of Test Cases, Test Methods and Test Suites for regression and functional testing using the TestNG annotations like Groups, Parameter, Data Provider and Listeners.
Expertise in using Apache POI for data driven frameworks, to load data into required test scripts from external sources like excel sheets.
Expert in logging framework Log4j written in Java to store the flow details of Selenium Automation in a file or databases.
Efficiently performed on Continuous Integration tools such as Jenkins, Maven and SVN/GIT to manage different versions of the source code.
Experienced in Cross-Browser testing using Selenium to check that the web application works as expected in different browsers.
Used Screenshots for bug reporting, analysis and exception debugging using Extent Reports reporting library with TestNG.
Effectively involved in Defects Logging, tracking and managing Defect Life Cycles using HP Quality Center, Rally and JIRA.
Implemented Action class in selenium to handle mouse and keyboard actions. Experience in testing and handling different frames (frames, iframes) of a HTML page with having different DOM's for every iframe.
Implemented the selenium synchronization using implicit and explicit waits.
Experienced in handling Pop-ups with Selenium using Alert methods. Experience in handling multiple windows in selenium using getwindowhandles method.
Proficiency in working with Selenium Grid to specialize on running multiple tests across different browsers, operating systems, and machines in parallel.
Working knowledge in Web development and testing tools like Firebug, Fire Path, XPath, DOM Inspector.
Knowledge on mobile testing using Appium on real and virtual devices and sound knowledge in Perfecto Mobile which is a cloud based mobile testing.
Experienced in Salesforce testing and automation. Worked on force.com and Apex.
Worked on databases such as Oracle, Microsoft SQL Server, MySQL and establish JDBC connectivity between the Java Programming language and a wide range of databases.
Experienced in performing GUI, Functional testing, System testing, Regression testing, Adhoc testing, Smoke/Sanity testing and User Acceptance Testing(UAT) using manual & automated testing tools.
Experienced with Soap and Restful web services testing using SOAPUI tool. Knowledge of XML, WSDL, and XPATH.
Knowledge of Web Development technologies in general, including HTML, CSS, JavaScript, JQuery, AJAX, and XML.
Skilled in Coordinating with Project Managers, Business Analysts and System Analysts to set up the pre-validation and validation environment to execute the scripts.
Ability to work effectively as an individual contributor and also an excellent Team player.

SKILL SET:

Test Approaches
Waterfall, Agile/SCRUM, SDLC, STLC, Bug Life Cycle
Testing Tools
Selenium WebDriver, Selenium IDE, Selenium RC, Selenium Grid,
Test NG, JUnit, Cucumber, SoapUI, Appium
Test Build & Integration Tools
Maven, ANT, Jenkins
Frameworks
Keyword Driven, Data Driven, Hybrid, Page Object Model (POM)
Programming Languages
C, C++, JAVA, Gherkin, Apex(force.com)
Markup Languages
HTML, XML, XPath, CSS
Databases
MySQL, Oracle, Microsoft SQL Server
Browsers
Internet Explorer, Mozilla Firefox, Google Chrome
Defect Tracking Tools
HP QC/HP ALM, JIRA, Bugzilla, Rally
MS Office Tools
Outlook, Word, Excel, PowerPoint, MS Access
Web Services
REST, SOAP, SOAP UI
Version Control Tools
GitHub, SVN

WORK EXPERIENCE:

PROJECT 1 FEB 2016 – PRESENT
CLIENT NAME : Infirmary Health – Mobile, AL
ROLE : Senior QA Automation Test Engineer

Project Description: Infirmary Health is a chain of medical centers which is committed to ensuring medical centers continue to offer the most advanced medical technology and highest quality of care. I as a QA Engineer worked on both automation testing and manual testing based on the client requirements to ensure end user's satisfaction. Implementation of QA approach to ensure quality of a product and was involved in project.
ROLES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:
Assessed & analyzed user stories and participated in Sprint planning, Review Sessions & Scrum Meetings and developed Test scenarios, Test cases, Test data, Test procedures, Test reports.
Developed and Executed Test Scripts using Selenium WebDriver, TestNG, analyzed Test Results.
Involved in preparing test cases using Selenium Web driver(Java) to validate all UI components, Popups, Browser navigations, Mouse Movements.
Implemented TestNG automation framework for Smoke Test to ascertain that the crucial functions of the application work and also implemented Regression Test to detect bugs after enhancement and configuration settings of the code.
Performed Functional testing as per user stories and also performed Integration Testing &System Testing using Selenium WebDriver automation scripts.
Performed Data driven testing to validate the components displayed on the website using Selenium
Performed Parallel and Cross Browser testing on different browsers like Internet Explorer, Chrome, Safari and Firefox where multiple tests were run at the same time.
Took the Application Screenshots and copied the images whenever exceptions occurred and also at important checkpoints of application execution.
Designed and Developed test automation Artifacts (scripts, functions, scenarios, processes) for simple to complex automated testing situations using various tools like Selenium, Cucumber and TestNG.
Used Hybrid Framework and extracted data from external Excel files using Apache POI and loaded into the variables in the scripted code.
Configured the Test Cases to receive input Test Data Sets for the corresponding test cases using TestNG Data Provider Annotation.
Used FireBug, FirePath to debug, edit and locate the objects based on ID, Name, XPath, CssSelector, Link, Partial Link, Attributes and Tags
Performed BDD (Behavior Driven Development) using Cucumber Features, Scenarios and Step Definitions.
Managed the Framework dependency jars using Maven.
Customized Selenium API to suit in testing environment.
Involved in developing automated test cases using Cucumber in TestNG.
Maintained the Selenium &Java Automation Code and resources in source control GIT.
Performed black box testing, database testing, and web-based testing on several test phases. Developed components for each transaction used in the test script or scenario by using Selenium.
Involved in Web services testing using SOAPUI Tool. Validated request and response XML. Added assertions to validate the XML in Web services SOAP and RESTFUL service.
Used GitHub as a source repository system to share code within the office as well as with the team in overseas.
Interacted with the development configuration and operation's team to ensure the quality of software to user expectations.
Verified the integration of various components in the application and executed end-to-end testing.
Participated in Release Review/Requirement Analysis and Design review meetings.
Environment: Java, Selenium WebDriver, Jenkins, Soap UI, HTML, XML, JIRA, Microsoft Office Excel, Cucumber, Eclipse, Maven, TestNG.

PROJECT 2 NOV 2014 – DEC 2015
CLIENT NAME : L.A. Care Health Plan – Los Angeles, CA
ROLE : Senior QA Automation Test Engineer
PROJECT DESCRIPTION: L.A Care Health Plan is an independent, local public agency based in Los Angeles, California. L.A Care Health Plan organization provides health insurance for low-income individuals in Los Angeles county through five health coverage programs. Extensively worked on the existing module called Find a Doctor and made new enhancements which are consistently updated in UI level, database level and web service level.
ROLES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:
Analyzed business requirements and functional documents, created the test strategy document that define the test environment, phases of testing, entrance and exit criteria into different phases of testing and resources required to conduct the effort.
Responsible for working within a team to create, document and execute testing strategy, test plans, test cases and test scripts in support of a set of global tools, systems, and databases.
Performed agile testing, reviewed the stories and participated in Daily Scrum, Iteration Planning and Release Planning meeting.
Performed the build and maven dependencies using Maven build tool.
Extensively worked in Regression testing, Parallel Processing using Selenium Webdriver in TestNG.
Developed test scripts for Web elements by identifying the locators using FireBug and FirePath Firefox plug-ins.
Developed custom libraries for automation using JAVA & Selenium WebDriver.
Implemented automation using Selenium Web Driver, JAVA, Selenium Grid, Cucumber and Maven.
Developed required Selenium support code in JAVA for Cucumber.
Used Firepath and Firebug Firefox plugins for identifying all the web elements using locators.
Involved in Web Application GUI automation creating regression suites using Selenium Web Driver,
JUnit/TestNG, Eclipse.
Developed automated test scripts using TestNG annotations like Group, parameter, Data provider.
Involved in test approach & test case walkthrough, review with peers and test leads. The workgroup consists of business system analysts, developers and architects.
Used XPath and DOM to work with dynamic and static objects in Selenium.
Created test approach and test cases for logging module.
Reviewed and analyzed the existing test scripts.
Developed HTML TestNG reports for analyzing the output of test using ExtentReports API.
Maintained user documentation with TestNG output screenshots for User acceptance testing (UAT).
Developed synchronization using implicit and explicit wait conditions.
Incorporated the test data in Test scripts from Excel using Apache POI API.
Used data-driven framework with POM to accomplish a regression cycle which is robust and reusable across multiple applications.
Utilizing knowledge of XML and experience of SOAP UI tool in Web Services testing in multi-tiered application architecture.
Developed Back-end testing using complex queries to retrieve the user information to cross validate in UI and databases.
Maintained the Java and selenium test source code and resources in the SVN source control repository tool.
Analyzed test results, tracked the defects and generated reports using JIRA.
Prepared the data to cover various scenarios and wrote SQL scripts to verify the database updates, inserts and deletion of the records.
Maintained continuous test integration and automatic build by using Jenkins and mailed the build outputs to the team members.
Followed Agile testing methodology, participated in daily status meetings and testing each deliverables.
Tested applications in different types of browsers (cross-browser testing) and versions, such as Internet Explorer, Firefox, Google Chrome to simulate production environment.
Developed features and test scripts using BDD (Behavior driven development) in Cucumber.
Developed Cucumber html, JSON test reports for analyzing the test outputs.
Participated QA weekly meetings and various other meetings and discusses enhancement and modification request issues and defects in the application.
Environment: Java, Selenium WebDriver, Selenium Grid, SOAP UI,TestNG, Firebug, Firepath, XML, XPATH,DOM,Cucumber, Jira, SVN, Agile, Internet Explorer, Chrome, Firefox, SQL, Jenkins, Maven.

PROJECT 3 July 2012 – Aug 2014
CLIENT NAME : Bank Of America – Charlotte, NC ROLE : QA Automation Test Engineer

PROJECT DESCRIPTION : This project consists of implementing an online banking security enhancement called Multifactor Authentication (MFA). MFA is Bank of America additional layer of security to the log in process. With MFA, the user once selects an Authentication Image and Pass Phrase for the image. Now every time he wants to login, on entering the username, his Authentication Image and Pass Phrase are displayed and he is prompted for the password. If the image and pass phrase are correct, the user can enter his password, thus ensuring that it’s a genuine Bank of America website and non-phishing attempt.
ROLES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:
Involved in preparing Master Test Plans, QA metrics and mentoring the team in testing methodologies.
Manage life cycle of automation project involving in hosting the automation meetings, coordinating, gathering the automation requirements and defining the scope of automation testing.
Developed the automated test script for regression test suite in an application by using Selenium tool. .
Worked on Selenium WebDriver automation script in Java for cross browser testing. Used testing
annotations to group the test methods and for cross browser.
Involved in Web Application GUI automation creating regression suites using Selenium Web Driver, JUnit/TestNG, and Eclipse.
Developed test scripts to fetch test data from Excel using Apache POI API.
Use Firepath and Firebug Firefox plugins for identifying all the web elements using locators.
Developed Java Test scripts using TestNG annotations.
Maintaining the Selenium and Java automation code and resources in the SVN source control.
Wrote Selenium script for taking screen shots using Extent Reports API and implemented action class to perform mouse movement.
Developed and maintained automated regression test cases in Selenium Webdriver using Java programming language and TestNG Configured ANT for JAVA automation projects and for project object model (POM).
Design and Build Automation Framework from scratch using Selenium WebDriver, Eclipse, TestNG and Java in Windows platform.
Used Selenium Page Object Model, Page Factory design pattern to build data driven framework.
Interacted with the Subject Matter Experts (SME) and Business Analyst to get a better understanding of client business processes and gather requirements.
Attended weekly design meetings to understand the application and specific new or modified features.
Analyzed functional requirements and design specifications to ensure that application meets all technical and business requirements.
Reviewed database test cases according to assigned Requirements to validate reports by retrieving data with complex SQL queries from Oracle database.
Participated in sprint planning, execution, testing and releases in Agile Methodology.
Performed System Testing, GUI Testing, Integration Testing, Functional and Regression Testing.
Performed database validation using Oracle SQL queries and wrote test automation scripts using Selenium Web Driver.
Configured Jenkins built job for continuous integration and also for regression testing.
Implemented automation using Selenium WebDriver, JAVA, Selenium Grid, TestNG, and Jenkins.
Extensively worked in Regression testing using Selenium Webdriver in TestNG.
Used Junit and TestNG as testing framework, and Maven for project building.
Performed functional testing of SOAP Web Services using SOAPUI Tool.
Implemented BDD (behavior-driven development) to run automated acceptance tests using Cucumber tool.

Environment: Java, Selenium WebDriver, Cucumber, TestNG, Maven, Jenkins, SOAP UI, ANT, Agile, Firebug, Firepath, XPath, Eclipse, Quality Center, Oracle, Windows, Java, J2EE

PROJECT 4 MAR 2010 – May 2012
CLIENT NAME : SnapDeal – Hyderabad, Andhra Pradesh
ROLE : QA Analyst

PROJECT DESCRIPTION : SnapDeal is an Indian e-commerce company that provides customers with wide range of products such as electronics, books, personal care, home furnishing, etc. Involved in testing order tracking module which helps customers to track their order precisely, also generates automated relevant alerts and recommendations according to the customer purchase. The system tracked the available to sell quantities and sent out alerts when stocks were running low.

ROLES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:
Performed agile testing, review the stories and participated in Daily Scrum, Iteration Planning and Release
Planning meeting.
Participated in all phases of the Software Testing Life Cycle (STLC).
Involved in the design and development of test plan from business and Functional requirements which includes test objectives, test strategies, test environments etc.
Participated in peer review with team and developers to review test cases/test scripts.
Performed System, Integration, Smoke, Sanity, Functional, End to End, Positive and Negative and monitored the behavior of the applications during different phases of testing using testing methodologies.
Regression testing was performed after each build release of the application and updated the Scripts by executing the Regression suites built using Selenium and approve for regression suite.
Created Selenium Test cases for automation using Selenium Web Driver and Java.
Used Hybrid Framework of Selenium to get data from Excel using Apache POI Api.
Parallel, Cross - Browser Testing using Selenium Grid and TestNG.
Performed back end testing by writing and executing SQL queries to validate that data is being populated in appropriate tables and manually verify the correctness of the data with front-end values.
Performed agile testing, review the stories and participated in Daily Scrum meetings, Iteration Planning and Release Planning meeting and used Rally Tool.
Interacted and worked with the development team to analyze the defects and reported them in Quality Center and tracked them for closure.
Interacted with users by conducting User Acceptance Testing (UAT) to ensure that the total functionality of the application was met by complying with all the business requirements.
Participated in weekly QA status and project status meetings to report any defects and issues encountered in application.
Discussed with team lead and PM regarding testing deadlines and post deployment validation.
Actively communicated with the end users and business users to create realistic test cases.
Provide test summary documentation and analyze test results, identifying trends and/or root causes of problems.
Developed training materials, system maintenance and operating manuals for the QA environment and used the same to train the users.
Establish business continuity through Knowledge Transfer and mentoring of new resources.

Environment: Java, J2EE, Selenium Web Driver, Selenium Grid, SOAP, REST, TEST NG, HTML, Java Script, Quality Center, JXL, Agile Methodology, Rally, SQL.

PROJECT 5 JULY 2008 –FEB 2010
CLIENT NAME : CITI Bank- Hyderabad INDIA
ROLE : QA Analyst

PROJECT DESCRIPTION : Citibank is the consumer division of financial services multinational Citigroup.In addition to standard banking transactions, Citibank markets insurance, credit cards, and investment products. This project focuses on Credit Cards domain where the login portal would enable credit card holders to check account balance, pay credit card bill, dispute a charge, report a stolen credit card and other related functionalities. The project uses Sawgrass which is a Customer Service Desktop application of Citi Bank, where Customer care executive performs various changes on Citi bank account based on Customers Requirement.

ROLES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:
Designed and developed the application using agile methodology.
Used the iterative incremental framework Scrum with Agile Software Development.
Designed and developed UI using JSP, dynamic JSP and page validations using JavaScript.
Involved in database schema design and review meetings.
Configured application flow, controlling logic and navigation.
Designed and developed base classes, framework classes and common re-usable components.
Involved in re-factoring the existing components to meet the current application requirements.
Used various Java and J2EE APIs including JDBC, XML, Servlets, JSP, and JavaBeans, Spring Framework.
Involved in Performance tuning, debugging issues in testing and deployment phases.
Implemented RDBMS to add the additional condition for the system to support a tabular structure for the data with enforced relationships between the tables.
Utilized PL/SQL for querying the database.
Coordinated on-site and offshore development teams in various phases of the project.

Environment: Java, J2EE, JSP, Servlets, EJB, XML, HTML, Java Script, JDBC, Oracle, PL/SQL, Eclipse, spring, Hibernate, RDBMS, Tomcat, Windows.
Contact this candidate