SAI BHARGAV
Email: ac2d20@r.postjobfree.com Mobile no: 919-***-****
OBJECTIVE

SDET (Software Development Engineer in Test) with over 9 years IT experience in Software Quality Assurance (Automated and Manual) of Web based, Client Server based applications, BDD, API testing, mobile testing, Angular2 applications testing and Skilled in various testing technologies and current QA methodologies.
Experience across diversified domains like Financial, Insurance and Retail.

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Well-versed with all stages of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) and Software Testing Life Cycle (STLC).
Strong knowledge in implementing Waterfall, Agile(Sprint/Scrum) Methodology by analyzing requirement specifications.
Experience in Test Environment Setup in both Manual and Automation.
Proficient in Functionality Testing, Black Box Testing, Build Verification Testing, Integration Testing System testing, Regression testing, Stress Testing, User Acceptance Testing for process of a given software application including different software releases.
Experienced in working with Open Source Tools such as Selenium IDE, Selenium WebDriver and Selenium Grid, Cucumber and Eclipse.
Expertise in developing automation scripts in BDD (Behavior Driven Development) format using Cucumber and Proficient in writing Cucumber scenarios in GHERKIN format.
Expertise in Design and implementation of Test Frameworks from scratch and practical hands on experience with Keyword Driven, Data Driven, Hybrid and Page Object Model (POM) frameworks.
Configured application framework using Excel Spreadsheets and processed the spreadsheets using Apache POI.
Experience in Database/Backend testing using SQL Queries for data design, data validation and data integrity testing using JDBC.
Sound knowledge on JUnit for Unit testing, Experience in Grouping of Test Cases, Test Methods and Test Suites for regression and functional testing using TestNG annotations.
Implemented Synchronization for Conditional and Un-Conditional waits using Implicit Wait, Explicit Wait and Fluent Wait.
Performed Functional Testing on SOAP and RESTful Web Services using SoapUI. Added Assertions to validate the Response JSON, XML.
Used Protractor, Jasmine, Karma to test Angular 2 web applications using Type Script and Java Script.
Extensively worked on Appium for automating the native mobile applications across Android and IOS platforms using Emulators and Simulators and performed cloud testing of application using Perfecto mobile.
Expertise in documenting defects with high level of detail, accuracy, and informative recreation steps using JIRA, Bugzilla.
Expertise in Java Concepts (OOPS, Interfaces, String, Collections). Good experience in Dynamic Handling File System and Exception Handling.
Generated test logs using Log4j for various log levels.
Experience in working with build management tools like Maven and Ant.
Highly proficient in Manual Testing and Negative Testing Experience in defining and design of Use Cases, generation and maintaining test scripts.
Strong team player with ability to work productively in a team as well as individually. Excellent communication, problem solving skills, coordination, documentation, project planning and interpersonal skills.

TECHNICAL SKILLS

Test Approaches: Waterfall, Agile/Scrum, SDLC, STLC
Testing Tools: Selenium, SoapUI, Protractor, Jasmine, Karma, Appium, Cucumber
UI Technologies: NodeJS, AngularJS, jQuery, Bootstrap, JavaScript
Test Build & Integration Tools: Maven, ANT, Jenkins
Frameworks: Keyword Driven, Data Driven, Hybrid, Page Object Model (POM)
Programming Languages: JAVA, Gherkin, SQL, C, C#
Markup Languages: HTML, XML, XPath, CSS Selector
Databases: MySQL, Oracle, SQL Server
Browsers: Internet Explorer, Mozilla Firefox, Google Chrome, Safari
Operating Systems: Windows XP/7/8/10, UNIX, LINUX
Defect Tools: HP Quality Center, JIRA, Bugzilla
MS Office Tools: Outlook, Word, Excel, PowerPoint, MS Access
Utilities: Eclipse, SVN, GIT, Firebug, Fire Path, Spring STS, Sauce Labs

WORK HISTORY

Client: Nationwide, Des Moines, IOWA
Job Title: SDET/SET (Software Development Engineer in Test)
Duration: Apr 2016 - Sep 2017
Description: Nationwide is one of the largest insurance and financial services companies in the world, focusing on domestic property and casualty insurance, life insurance and retirement savings, asset management, and strategic investments. ERA (Emergency Roadside Assistance) is the application which provides help to the customers who are eligible for road side assistance, with services like Tow, Jumpstart, Change Tire, winching, Locksmith, mechanical support etc., in emergency road service need.
Responsibilities:
Worked in the Agile environment with frequently changing requirements and features set. Participated in sprint meetings and story grooming sessions.
Involved in Document, Implement, Monitor and enforce all processes and procedures for testing is established as per standards defined by the Organization
Involved in Test planning and Test execution and performed Functionality Testing and Regression Testing.
Designed Hybrid framework from scratch which is a combination of Data Driven Framework and POM (Page Object Model) Framework. Read the data from excel sheets using Apache POI API.
Involved in using Maven build tool to manage framework dependency jar files, plugins, test suites etc.
Configured Jenkins build jobs for Continuous Integration of source code from Repository and launch of Regression and Smoke Testing and sends automation build status mails to the team.
Managed individual sprints user stories and tasks using JIRA as agile management tool.
BDD (Behavior-Driven Development) is implemented with Cucumber by creating the Feature files with Scenarios in Gherkin format from the user stories and the acceptance criteria mentioned in JIRA and executed these feature files with Cucumber runner options and respective step definitions.
Involved in writing both Manual and Automation Test Cases.
Responsible for creating and maintaining regression and smoke automation test scripts for the java based applications using Java, Selenium WebDriver, TestNG, Cucumber, Maven, Eclipse IDE.
As part of the automation process used Selenium features like taking screenshots, Actions, handling frames, scrolling, alerts etc.
Performed Selenium synchronization methods on the application using implicit, explicit and fluent wait methods.
TestNG annotations like @Test, @BeforeSuite, @AfterSuite, @BeforeTest, @AfterTest, @BeforeClass, @AfterClass, @BeforeMethod, @AfterMethod are used to control tests. Also, used the concept of parameterization using Groups, Parameters, Data Provider tags and TestNG xml.
Performed Cross Browser testing on different browsers like Internet Explorer, Chrome, Safari and Firefox using TestNG suites.
Maintaining the Selenium and Java automation code and resources using GIT for Source Control Management.
Parallel testing is done with Selenium Grid and performed the cloud based testing using Sauce labs.
Used Protractor, Karma and Jasmine test framework to test the Angular2 web applications.
Used SOAPUI for testing the web services involved in the project and wrote SOAPUI assertions for RESTful web services to test the JSON, XML messages.
Performed the Mobile Testing for Mobile App of Client using Appium. Used Appium libraries to automate the application on both Android and IOS platforms.
Performed database testing using SQL, JAVA JDBC and verified enterprise data flow.
Used Log4j as the logging framework to direct logging information into a file during the build execution.
Worked with developers to update the defects, resolve them and track their status using JIRA.
Environment: Java, Selenium WebDriver, TestNG, Selenium Grid, Cucumber, Maven, Log4j, Jenkins,
Gherkin, Eclipse, Oracle, UNIX, JDBC, GitHub, JIRA, Apache POI, Appium, Protractor, Karma, Jasmine, SOAPUI, REST.

Client: Capital One, Chicago
Job Title: Senior QA Lead
Duration: Apr 2014 - Dec 2015
Description: Capital One Financial Corporation is a bank holding company specializing in credit cards, home loans, auto loans, banking and savings products. OLB (online Banking) facilitates the users with online banking where users can access accounts details, transfer funds, pay bills etc. The system enables the creation of a virtual account called Wallet account of every registered customer in the system and will allow every customer to transact based on his virtual account.
Responsibilities:
Involve in analyzing Business Level Requirements, and Manual testing methods.
As a Test lead, responsible conducting and Participating in Daily Standup meeting and creating reports using Dashboards on a weekly basis for the test core committee meetings to review and provide update to whole Project team about current Status, Open Issues, and Roadblocks and testing progress.
Coordinated resource allocations, created work assignments for team, maintained timelines / milestones, and ensured compliance with quality standards.
Involve in Validation of the modules of online banking which includes add external account, Balance transfer, Online Payment Management etc.
Performed smoke, functional, integration, system, User Acceptance Testing, regression and GUI testing.
Performed Test Automation through Selenium WebDriver by Creating, Maintaining, and debugging complex and innovative scripts for Hybrid Framework.
Followed up on defects status daily and generated reports for managements.
Used various Selenium Locators like ID, Name, Link Text, Partial Link Text, XPath and CSS to find the Web Elements on a web page.
Used Maven as a build management tool and bought the required dependencies through the pom.xml.
Using Jenkins for nightly build execution and sending status mail if build fails to QA team.
Involved in acceptance testing using Cucumber. Developed BDD tests using Cucumber by writing behavior and step definitions required.
Developed and maintained several test scripts to automate the process of testing using Selenium WebDriver, with TestNG framework using java.
Use GitHub as a version control managements systems for the automation scripts and used GIT to update repository.
Performed cross-browser testing for the web interface and mobile application using property files.
Developed and executed complex SQL queries to validate test data.
Performed activities in SQL like select, insert, joining tables, aggregate functions, sub-queries, set functions, triggers, errors and views.
Generated status reports and Defect reports.
For generating the log information Log4J is used.
Coordinating with developers on bug fixes and defect status updates on a regular basis and conducting defect triage meetings.
Environment: Java, Selenium WebDriver, TestNG, Maven, Jenkins, Fire Path, Firebug, HTML, Internet Explorer, Chrome, Mozilla Firefox, Cucumber, Gherkin, UNIX, Linux, Windows XP, JavaScript, XML, EXCEL, SQL, Oracle.

Client: MassMutual, Enfield, CT
Job Title: Sr. Agile QA Automation Engineer/Selenium Tester
Duration: Jun 2012 – Mar 2014
Description: A new Retirement Services Record-keeping System co-developed with a leading product company in UK. Project involved verification and validation of 40,000+ Business Requirements. This Record-keeping system will keep the data for all Retirement Plans maintained by the Client. The Record-keeping system will in turn integrate with 8 New Programs/40+ applications and a new Central Data Repository system. Project scope included Proposal, Scoping, Estimation, Planning, and Execution.
Responsibilities:
Worked as QA team member in testing application and performed Agile testing, review the stories and participated in Daily Scrum, Iteration Planning and Release Planning meeting.
Created and enhanced numerous test scripts to handle changes in the objects, in the tested application's GUI and in the testing environment using Selenium WebDriver.
Created Java based scripts for Selenium WebDriver with JUnit as automation frame work.
Performed GUI and Flash component testing and Cross Browser compatibility testing during the releases.
Developed Hybrid framework.
Used Maven to build and run the Selenium automation framework. Once the script got over, framework used to send the automation reports over email.
Used Selenium GRID to execute test cases in parallel on different target machines.
Used Build tool like Maven to generate test report.
Monitored the test execution in Jenkins once the code pushed into Continuous Integration.
Proven success in establishment of agile test practices including acceptance test automation using acceptance test driven development methodology.
Tested compatibility of application for dynamic and static content under various cross browsers using HTML IDs and XPath in Selenium.
Performed Unit Testing of java application.
Used SOAP UI tool to test SOA based architecture application to test SOAP services.
Created automation scripts in SOAP UI using Groovy Script for web services testing.
Involved in performing Smoke, Functional, System and Regression and backend Testing.
Reported software defects in Quality Center and interacted with the developers to resolve technical issues.
Wrote SQL Query to extract data from various database tables for testing purpose.
Involved in creating a Manual Test Cases. Tests were grouped into test plan and executed. Results were recorded and published to management.
Identified and documented defects using Bugzilla to ensure applications functionality.
Participated in project meetings, release meetings, QA status meetings.
Environment: Selenium WebDriver, Grid, TestNG, Java, Maven, Jenkins, Bugzilla, Eclipse, Firebug, SOAP UI, XPath, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, JMeter, Quality Center, SQL, Oracle and Windows.

Client: OSI Technologies, Hyderabad, India.
Job Title: QA Analyst
Duration: Jun 2010 – May 2012
Description: OSI Technologies is a global provider of modern technology solutions for business. ADITA(Automated DC Inventory Transfer System) is to transfer the inventory from one DC to another DC. It enhances the inventory adjustment in Warehouse Management System. MOSAIC (Move Stuff as It Comes) aim is to handle messages from different applications and act as a mediator. Responsible to convert and transfer messages from one application to other application.
Responsibilities:
Analyze the Business Requirements and closely work with the Business Team to get the clarifications addressed.
Used Firebug and FirePath for element identification while creating Page Object Repository.
Managed individual sprints user stories and tasks using HP ALM.
Created Test plans, managed team members and Identified what is In-scope and out-scope of the project based on Project Scope documents
Responsible for customizing Selenium API to suit in testing environment.
Contributed in developing Automation Framework that uses Java, Selenium Web Driver and JUnit. Performed Data driven testing using Selenium Web Driver, JUnit functions and JDBC Connections.
Developed Maven targets to execute automation suites from command line.
Identified Test scenarios based on the Business and Functional requirements
Created Test Scenarios for Business Rules and Business Process by creating both positive and negative test cases according to the Business Rules and Business Strategies of the application
Identified the test data by organizing multiple test data review meetings and created test data for specific Test Scenarios and Test Cases using SQL Insert scripts.
Created test data requirements document based on the test scenarios and provided to the DBA for test data purpose
Mapped the test data to a specific test case for execution purpose
Responsible for creating and executing the selenium scripts and analyze the test results.
Used Firebug/Fire Path Add-on tools to identify the Object's id, Name, XPath, link in the application. Performed Functional, System-Integration, End to End, Regression testing and User Acceptance Testing
Involved in testing web services of the application using an Open source SoapUI Tool
Managed the framework dependency jars using Maven.
Performed cross browser testing on different Operating Systems like Windows, Linux and Mac and on different browsers like Internet explorer, Firefox, Google Chrome, Safari and Opera.
Performed System, Integration, Smoke, Sanity, Functional, End to End, Positive and Negative and monitored the behavior of the applications during different phases of testing using testing methodologies.
Environment: Java, Selenium WebDriver, Page Object Model (POM), JUnit, Maven, SOAP UI, Agile, Eclipse, XPath, Firebug, SQL, HP ALM and Windows.

Client: KOTAK Mahindra Bank, Hyderabad, India
Job Title: Software Developer
Duration: Aug 2008 - Mar 2010
Description: KMB provides customers with various services such as online credit card accounts, Checking and Savings accounts, and Online mortgage. The project was initiated to leverage an enterprise application that maximizes the user of common processes, vendors, tools and technology to generate loans consistently for all channels and Produce a web-enabled mortgage origination platform across all channels.
Responsibilities:
Involved in the analysis, design and development and testing phases of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC).
Designed & developed Application using Spring Framework, Spring MVC and Spring templates.
Configured Spring to manage Controller classes and set their dependencies in a Spring context file and integrated middle tier.
Developed the controller servlet to handle the requests and responses.
Used Core Java to develop Business Logic.
Developed HQL queries to retrieve data using Hibernate and Performed Inheritance based ORM with tables to simplify the data in Hibernate.
Used Hibernate mapping annotations, interfaces to work with database CRUD operations.
Participation in all phases of project development including requirements gathering and analysis as well as project design, development, implementation and deployment.
Deployed the application in Apache Tomcat.
Proficient in implementing Design patterns like Singleton, Factory.
Developing XML based configuration, property files for application and developing parsers using JAXP, SAX, XSTL, XSD, DOM technologies.
Develop and debug SQL scripts including in oracle 10g database to perform various tasks.
Worked on database interaction layer for insertions, updating and retrieval operations on data
Used IBM Rational Clear Case as version control tool.
Developed and Consumed SOAP based Web Services using SOAP based Web Services.
Configured and implemented Log4j for logging and Maven for CI Integration.
Designed and Implemented Unit Testing using JUnit Framework.
Environment:
Java, Spring, Hibernate, SOAP, HTML 5, CSS3, JavaScript, Ajax, JQuery, Maven, Log4j, JUnit, Eclipse, Apache Tomcat.
Contact this candidate