Around *+ years of experience as a Software QA Professional in Testing Various Client/Server and Web Applications with extensive experience in Manual and Automation Testing. Expertise in Designing and Developing Test plans, Test cases and Generating Test Scripts. Involved in all phases of testing and defect tracking using various tools like Selenium WebDriver, Java, Cucumber, TestNG, Jira and Rally while serving various domains such as HealthCare, Insurance, Retail and Banking.
Professional Summary:
•Proficiency in executing and testing of client-server architecture, web and mobile based applications with extensive experience in Manual and Automation testing.
•Expertise in entire Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) and Software Testing Life Cycle (STLC) in Agile as well as Iterative development environments.
•Skilled in preparing Test plan, Test cases, Test data, Test procedure, and Test scripts for automated and manual testing as per user requirements and functional specifications of the system.
•Experience in implementing different automation development effort in Agile/Scrum & Waterfall development environments.
•Proficient in Writing Automation Scripts using tools such as Selenium WebDriver, Selenium RC and Mercury Quality Center to develop web and client server applications.
•Experience in Selenium IDE, Selenium Grid, QTP, TestNG, Junit.
•Have experience on Java andPython Scripting for Automating tasks
•Identified correct GUI elements using various Selenium Locators like ID, Name, Link Text, Partial Link Text, XPath, CSS, and DOM in creating automation scripts.
•Developed selenium synchronization using conditional, unconditional wait conditions.
•Expertise in Grouping of Test Cases, Test Methods and Test Suites for regression and functional testing using the TestNG annotations like Groups, Parameter, Data Provider.
•Experience in preparing and maintaining Automation Frameworks such as Keyword Driven, Data Driven, Hybrid Driven, and Page Object Model.
•Experience in configuring application framework by processing excel spreadsheets using Apache POI.
•Experience in using AutoItto upload and download the files for windows application.
• Experience with Cross-Browser and Compatibility Testing to test whether the web applications are working as desired in different browsers and environments.
•Experienced in using Test Management tools such as HP Quality Center, Rally,JIRA bug reporting tools to track test progress, execution and deliverables.
•Experience in Quality Assurance standards, methodologies and strategies with better understanding of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC), Software Development Engineer Test (SDET) and Defect Life Cycle.
•Experience in Web debugging tools like XPath, Firepath, and Firebug also providing efficient locators for strategies like XPath and CSS to run web driven scripts.
•Segregated defects based on the hierarchy of the effects on the test scripts using Log4j.
•Developed Test Scripts to implement Test Cases, Test Scenarios, and features for BDD (Behavior driven development),TDD(Test Driven Development) using Cucumber.
•Performed Continuous Integration of code and scripts using Jenkins and triggered the continuous Delivery process using Jenkins build jobs.
•Experience in ANT, MAVEN to create projects, JAR files, POM.xml with artifacts and dependencies.
•Effectively involved in Defects logging, tracking and managing Defect Life Cycle using HP Quality Center and JIRA.
•Experience in testing the application web services using SOAPUI.
•Experience in testing Mobile Application Appium for iOS and Android devices both in Emulator/Simulator and Real Devices.
•Conversant using configuration management tools like SVN, GIT.
•Involved in executing SQL queries to conduct data Integrity testing and used JDBC connections.
•Expertise in different types of testing like Automation testing, Manual testing, Integration testing, System testing, Smoke testing, Regression testing, JUnit Testing, Black box testing, Functional testing, Database testing, GUI testing, Web/UI and (UAT)User Acceptance Testing.
•Experience in interacting closely with scrum team members and in understanding User Stories to full fill the tasks associated with user stories.
•Excellent analytical, problem solving, communication and interpersonal skills, with ability to interact with individuals at all levels.
•Self-starter and a good team player with effective communication and organizational skills combined with attention to details and business process improvements.

Technical Skills:

Test Approaches
Agile/Scrum, Waterfall, SDLC,STLC
Automation Tool
Selenium Web Driver, Selenium RC, Selenium Grid, Test NG, JUnit, Cucumber, SoapUI, Quality center
Framework
Keyword Driven, Data Driven, Hybrid, Page Object Model(POM).
Test Build & Integration Tools
Maven, ANT, Jenkins, Hudson
Version Control
GIT, Tortoise SVN
MS Office Tools
Outlook, Word, Excel, PowerPoint, MS Access
Defect Tracking Tools
HP QC/HP ALM, JIRA, Bugzilla, Rally.
Web Service Tool/Language
SoapUI, Rest API,XML, Groovy
Mobile App Testing Tool/API
Appium
Programming Languages and Scripting Languages
Java, Ruby, Python, SQL,PL/SQL, XML, HTML,CSS,Java Script,Gherkin
Database/Database tools
SQL Server, Oracle, MySQL
Operating Systems
Unix, Linux, Windows, Mac

Professional Experience
Client: Humana
Role: Sr.QA Automation Test Engineer
Location: Louisville, KY
Duration: Jan 2016 – Present
Project Description:
This online portal allows members and brokers to look for information about supplementary health care and members can enroll into insurance plan using online portal. It has payment module, register module etc. This web portal allows members to compare plans, and add new services.
Responsibilities:
Assessed & analyzed user stories and participated in Sprint planning, Review Sessions & Scrum Meetings and developed Test scenarios, Test cases, Test data, Test procedures, Test reports.
Developed and Executed Test Scripts using Selenium WebDriver, TestNG, analyzed Test Results.
Implemented Hybrid automation framework with Selenium WebDriver.
Used FireBug, FirePath to debug, edit and locate the objects based on ID, Name, XPath, CssSelector, Link, Partial Link, Attributes and Tags.
Handled the special mouse events and selected the options from the tab menu using Selenium Actions Builder, Mouse Hover and Synchronization.
Performed functional testing to identify various critical points in the application and automated it by using Selenium WebDriver with TestNG.
Performed Parallel and Cross Browser testing on different browsers like Internet Explorer, Chrome, Safari and Firefox where multiple tests were run at the same time.
Prepared user documentation with screenshots for UAT (User Acceptance testing) using Selenium Screenshots.
Used Apache POI to read data from Excel sheet.
Used Parameters, Data ProviderTestNG annotations to perform regression and functional testing.
Performed Integration and Regression testing to check compatibility of new functionality with the existing functionalities of the application using Selenium.
Involved in grouping of Test Cases, Test Methods and Test Suites using TestNG annotations.
UsedAutoIt for automating the Windows GUI and general scripting.
Reviewed database test cases according to assigned Requirements to validate reports by retrieving data with complex SQL queries from SQL Server.
Performed functional testing of RESTFUL Web Services using SOAP UI Tool.
Passed Assertions in Groovy scripting using Restful API.
Wrote Scenarios, Scenario outlines and Step Definitions using Gherkin in Cucumber for BDD.
Stored the flow details of Selenium Automation in a file using Log4j.
Maintained the Java and selenium test source code and resources in the GIT source control repository tool.
Scripted the Test cases and managed the framework dependency jars using Maven.
Performed continuous integration of code and scripts using Jenkins. Configured and launched builds using Jenkins jobs and analyzed the Test Results from Jenkins UI.
Good knowledge on Appium Emulators and IOS simulators.
Worked with developers to update the defects, resolve them and track their status using JIRA.
Participated QA weekly meetings and various other meetings and discusses enhancement and modification request issues and defects in the application.
Environment: Selenium IDE, Selenium WebDriver, Apache POI, Auto IT, Java, HTML, CSS, XML, XPath, Windows, SQL Server, Maven, SOAPUI, Cucumber, Jenkins,,GIT,JIRA, Gherkin.

Client: SunTrust
Role: Sr.QA Analyst
Location: Charlotte, NC
Duration: Sep 2014 – Dec 2015
Project Description:
This project involved web based consumer banking application in which customer can open an account, review account balance, review details of each transaction, setup email alerts, make transfers and pay bills. All the information was stored in database which was pulled up and processed by application logic.
Responsibilities:
Prepared Test Cases and involved in the Test Data creation.
Executed test cases and participated actively in System Testing, UAT and Regression Testing.
Create and executed automated test scripts using Selenium WebDriver, TestNG and Database as source of Test Data.
Executes test cases related to Mouse Hover using Actions class and find hidden elements using XPath, frames and windows classes.
Wrote test cases to handle Alerts on the web page.
Performed Cross browser compatibility testing using Chrome, Firefox, IE browsers.
Performed Synchronization whiletesting using Selenium waits.
Created test reports generated out of TestNG and created the error screenshots.
Interacted with the Development team and the Environment team in prioritizing the defect list and validating known bug fixes.
Performed Sanity testing and Ad-hoc testing when required.
Found Defects, prepare Defect reports and Status reporting, Bug Triage, Defect tracking using Rally.
Share Daily Status Report with all the team members, Team Leads, Managers and Clients.
Executed some test cases using TestNGparameters, data providers, suites, parallel suites, groups.
Involved in the use of Cucumber Step Definition, Scenariosand Features.
Involved in the enhancement of Hybrid framework using Eclipse and Python.
Used Python and Seleniumwebdriver for automating web applications
Performed testing on Web Services using WSDL and SOAPUI for to check the communication between devices over networks.
Used Ant and build Management tool and used Jenkins tools for continues integration of the builds
Created test cases and performed Database testing to check the data is being migrated properly.
Wrote SQL Queries to connect to the database and retrieve data for specified set of test requirements
Used GitHub as a source repository system to share code within the office as well as with the team in oversees.

Environment: Selenium WebDriver, Cucumber, TestNG, Ant, Jenkins, SOAPUI,MySQL GitHub, Agile, Firebug, Firepath, XPath, Eclipse, CSS, Cucumber, Oracle, Windows, Python, Rally.

Client: Advance Auto Parts
Role: QA Engineer
Location: Richmond, VA.
Duration: Jan 2013 – Aug 2014
Project Description:
AdvanceAutoParts is an American public corporation and is currently the largest retailer of automotive replacement parts and accessories in the united states The project involves enhancements and addition of new functionalities and features to B2B ecommerce website of the company.
Responsibilities:
Identified test cases to automate. Automate those test cases using Selenium WebDriver, TestNG and Java technologies (Eclipse IDE). Contributed in framework creation
Involved in creating the automation test cases for Testing Various Web modules: Supplier Data, Inventory Tracker, Exchange Tracker, and Damage Tracker.
Writing and executing software system test plans and test cases. These scripts were developed after reviewing the business requirements documents and technical specifications documents.
Extensively involved in integrating Selenium Webdriver with existing API to test framework.
Developed scripts for all manual Test cases using Junit.
Written Selenium Automation Scripts for Sanity and Regression testing.
Developed ANT scripts to automate Build Process for running Regression Scripts.
Responsible for software QA and analysis, with emphasis on performance testing and functional decomposition of web-based (SOA) and legacy systems architecture.
Used Firebug to identify Objects’ ids, Name, XPath, etc., links in the application.
Installed, configured SOAP UI to test web services using WSDL file given by Development team.
Developed SOAP UI extension for test statistics.
Used Jira for repository, reporting and tracking bugs, and providing updates on resolved bugs.
Used JIRA to track the tasks and issues, attended daily status meetings to update the status of work.
Developed SQL queries to query database to test backend process of application.
Participated in daily SCRUM meetings and gave the daily status of testing.
Used SVN as source repository, Hudson a Continuous integration
Attended the daily Bug review meetings, weekly status meetings and walkthroughs and interacted with Business Analysts and Developers for resolving Defects.

Environment: Selenium WebDriver, SOAP UI, Junit, Ant, SVN, JQuery, Jira, JSP, JDBC, JavaScript, Firebug, XPath, SQL, Agile, Eclipse and Windows.

Client: HCSC Heath care
Role: QA Engineer
Location: Bangalore, India
Duration: June 2011 – Dec 2012
Responsibilities:
Developed test cases and scripts for GUI testing, functionality testing and regression testing.
Prepared Test cases for positive and negative test scenarios as referred in the user stories keeping in mind Boundary Value Limitations, Equivalence classes.
Implemented Data driven framework and worked extensively with TestNG Testing Framework. Has implemented cross browser testing and Data driven testing using @parameters and @Dataproviders annotations.
Used FireBug, FirePath to debug, edit and locate the objects based on ID, Name, XPath, CssSelector, Link, Partial Link, Attributes and Tags.
Developing test and defect reports and test scripts in Selenium Environment
Implemented the selenium synchronization using the implicit and explicit wait methods.
Responsible for Executing Test cases, Test Procedures and Records Defects.
Performed Functional, System, Regression and user acceptance testing.
Selected the Test Cases to be automated and performed functional testing of the front end using Selenium (Web Driver) & created Data Driven framework
Implemented test automation for handling Popups windows and Alerts using WebDriver and Alert interface class.
Worked on Capturing Screenshots on Failure or Pass to analyze the test failure reason. Coordinated with application team to ensure resolution of all issues and completion of work on time
Performed Cross browser testing in different browsers and operating system.
Involved in performing the Mobile Testing manually for Device specific check, Network specific checks (Wi-Fi, 2G, 3G, Offline mode, Airplane mode), Interruption testing
Tested broken links and inter application links (page redirects to respective URL's) in development, test and production environments.
Created test reports generated out of TestNG and captured the error screenshots.
Configured Jenkins build job for continuous Integration and for Regression Testing.
Used Quality center to track defects and attended meetings with developers in resolving the same.
Conducted backend testing using SQL queries to validate data for database and Used SQL queries for retrieving data from database for executing user specific test cases.
Participated in walkthroughs and technical reviews all through the testing phase.

Environment: Java, WebDriver, Selenium IDE, Hudson, HTML, XML, Rally, Microsoft Office, SVN, Eclipse, JUnit, SQL server, Maven, Mobile Testing, TestNG, Jenkins

Client: Acropetal Technologies Ltd
Role: QA Analyst
Location: Bangalore, India.
Duration: June 2009 – June 2011
Project Description:
Acropetal Technologies limited is private organization that operates as a provider of on-demand technology solutions across various sectors including Education, Manufacturing, Consumer Goods, Retail, Health Care. Worked in different projects for different clients. Involved in functional testing, end-to-end testing, performance testing, regression testing .
Responsibilities:
Developed Test plan, Test cases, test scenarios.
Implemented Complex Test case scenarios using Regression tests, wrote the enhanced code. Involved in preparing Test Plan.
Developed and extracted Test data to test the application portal.
Configured HP Quality Center, to store all testing results, metrics, implemented test plan. QTP as a testing tool.
Scripted Complex Test Cases using SQL queries for data validation and to verify the data integrity in the database (Back end testing).
Test and Run various APIs as part of System Integration Testing.
Reported using QA Status reports, Defect Log reports, Traceability reports and Test planning and execution & Results Reports.
Performed Smoke Tests and Regression tests.
Participated in different meetings.
Used SOAPUI for Web Service testing.

Environment: HP Quality Centre, SQL, Microsoft office, SOAP UI, Test Plan, Functional testing, Regression testing.
Contact this candidate