KAASU VARMA MALLADI
Mobile: +91-898*******,739-***-****
Email: ac34pc@r.postjobfree.com

Professional Summary

Experienced Software Engineer offering 2 years and 10 months of vital experience in domain of Manual
Testing and Test Automation (Selenium Web Driver using Java).
Well versed with various types Software Development methodologies - Agile Scrum and V-Model.
Strong knowledge of SDLC, STLC, BLC with experience in writing & executing test cases and test scenarios.
Expertise in various types of testing – Functional, Regression, Re-Testing, sanity, smoke and GUI Testing.
Proficient in testing Web Applications using Data driven, Page Object Model with Hybrid framework.
Proper Knowledge in various types of Frameworks – TestNG and Keyword driven Frameworks.
Experience in Data Base testing using PostgreSQL.
Experience in preparing required testing related documents.

Skill Summary

Technology
Tools
Languages
Core Java
Operating Systems
Windows
Automation Tool
Selenium Web Driver
Test Management Tool
Test link
Data Base
PostgreSQL

Educational Qualification

Bachelor of Engineering (EEE) from Sanketika Vidya Parishad Engineering College, Visakhapatnam in 2012 with 7.75 CGPA.
Diploma (EEE) from Govt. Model Residential Polytechnic, Paderu in 2009 with 76.35%.
SSC from Andhra Pradesh Residential School, Amalapuram in 2006 with 90.66%.
Career Path

Currently working as a Software Test Engineer in Virtuell Technologies Pvt Ltd, Hyderabad from February 2015 to till date.
Worked as an Electrical Shift Engineer in Apollo Power Systems Pvt Ltd, Hyderabad from August 2012 to December 2014.

Project Summary:

1.Project Name
CDental
Client
CDental Corporation – US
Role
Team Member
Duration
November 2016 – Till Date
Team Size
4
Application Environment:
Testing Method :
Automation Testing, Manual Testing and DB Testing.
Bootstrap, Html, JavaScript, CSS, Java/j2ee (JDBC, Servlets, JSP), and PostGreSQL

Project Description: Purpose of this application to capture all the schedules of patients with different locations and with different doctors for different procedures and Sub procedures. Once the Patient reaches the diagnostic center the defined procedures will be held along with result maintenance. The procedure data will be maintained for the doctor and patient review purpose and all the hard and soft copies of the results will be sent over mail to the patient. And whenever the admin, doctor or the employee wants they can generate different reports and see the progress of procedures.
Contribution: As a team member, was responsible for
Gather the requirements from test lead and BA team and understand the application.
Involved in Test Design and Test Execution Phases under guidance of Test Management.
Involved in Preparation of Test Scenarios and Test cases with test data based on User stories.
Involved in Developing Automation Test Scripts based on using Manual test cases.
Involved in Data Base Testing in PostgresSQL environment.
Involved in Test cases execution and also in various testing phases like smoke sanity, functional, Re-Testing and Regression testing.
Involved in Defect Review meeting with Development Team.
Involved in Bug Reporting and Bug Tracking Process.
Involved in Tracking Changes, Preparing Reports and Updating Documents.

2.Project Name
IRS
Client
Ebates – US
Role
Team Member
Duration
October 2015 - December 2016
Team Size
4
Application Environment:
Testing Method :
Manual Testing and DB Testing.
Html, JavaScript, CSS, Java/j2ee (JDBC, Servlets, JSP), and PostGreSQL

Project Description: IRS is an Ebates generic project which is a common project for hotels, restaurants and ice-cream parlors. IRS stands for inventory and reservation system. Inventory means what we have something like room, table, or seat, food items (hotel inventories). Reservation means an arrangement to have something (such as a room, table, or seat). IRS main purpose is to maintain the inventory details and reservation for tables, rooms etc. IRS also provides deals coupons and cash back offers to advance booking users in special and festival days.

Contribution: As a team member, was responsible for
Gather the requirements from test lead and BA team and Understand User requirements.
Involved in Test Design and Test Execution Phases.
Involved in Preparation of Test Scenarios and Test cases with test data based on user stories.
Involved in various testing phases like Smoke, Sanity, Functional, Re-Testing and Regression testings.
Involved in Bug Reporting and Bug Tracking Process.
Involved in Data Base Testing in PostgreSql environment.
Tracking Changes, Preparing Reports and Updating Documents.

3.Project Name
Virtuell Tech Pay slips
Client
Product(Internal)
Role
Team Member
Duration
April 2015 to December 2015
Team Size
3
Application Environment:
Testing Method :
Manual Testing
MVC 4.0, Visual Studio 2010, JavaScript, JQuery, HTML and PostGreSQL

Description: The main purpose of this project is to generating pay slips for employees and to organizing employees leaves. Pay slip means a slip of paper included with your pay that records how much money you have earned and how much tax or insurance etc. has been taken out. Pay slips ensure that employees receive the correct pay and entitlements and allow employers to keep accurate and complete records. Pay slips have to be given to an employee within 1 working day of pay day, even if an employee is on leave.

Contribution: As a team member, was responsible for
Involved in Preparation of Test Scenarios and Test cases with test data based on user stories.
Involved in manual test execution and sanity, functional, Re-Testing, System and smoke testing.
Involved in Bug Reporting and Bug Tracking process.
Tracking Changes, Preparing Reports and Updating Documents.

Personal Profile

Name : Kasu varma Malladi
Date of Birth : 27-07-1991
Languages Known : English, Telugu
Marital Status : Single
Nationality : Indian
Permanent Address : D.No:3-23,
Pallam, East Godavari,
Andhra Pradesh - 533212.
Contact this candidate