Mounica Kancharla
Senior Software Test Automation Engineer/SDET
ac3h2j@r.postjobfree.com I 480-***-****

A highly competent and results oriented Senior Software Test Automation Engineer with more than 8 years’ experience in Software Testing, API Testing, BDD using Cucumber, Selenium Automation, Development, JAVA web projects Team Management & training.
Proven Client facing ability in conducting test review meetings, automation testing of Client Server and Web applications in various domains like Health Care, Banking and E-commerce

ISTQB, IBM SQL and Java Certified Professional with 8 years of expertise in Information Technology with expertise in Software Quality Assurance & Software Test Automation in Web and Client/Server Applications.
Well versed in working knowledge of Core Java and Object Oriented Concepts (Inheritance, Polymorphism, Exception Handling, Multi-Threading and Collections)
Expertise in Java and OOPS concepts required for Selenium frameworks.
Experience in working with open source tools such as Selenium WebDriver, Jenkins, Maven, TestNG, JIRA and Eclipse - both Windows and Mac OS
Expertise in API testing using Java programming languages, REST and SOAP API testing (using Postman browser add-on) and SoapUI
Conversant in developing Test Scenarios, Test Cases, Test Data, Test Procedures, Test Reports and documenting in both Manual and Automation Testing
Good technical expertise in PEGA PRPC Application developing Workflows, UI Rules, Activities, Decision Rules.
Clear understanding of using Clipboard, Tracer and SMA for debugging.
Strong knowledge on implementing various PRPC components like Decision Tables, Decision Maps, Declarative Expressions, Constraints
Having a good knowledge in Main Frames –Common Business Oriented Language (COBOL), Job Control Language (JCL), Procedures (Proc)
Experience in Black Box and White Box Testing, GUI Testing, Regression Testing, Website Testing and Ad-Hoc Skills.
Good Experience in Web Services testing using Web Services Definition Language (WSDL), SOAP, XML.
Providing required input data to request XML & get the required data from response XML & use the response data from another request XML using SOAPUI.
Decent skills on Web services Manual Testing using PostMan.
Working knowledge on Web services Automation Testing using Groovy Script in SOAP UI.
Identified GUI elements and perfect with different Selenium locators like ID, Link Text, Name, Partial Link Text, XPath, DOM and CSS to create the scripts of Automation.
Experience working with Automation Frameworks in maintaining Record, Playback, Keyword Driven, Data Driven, Hybrid driven and Page Object Models.
Expertise in Grouping of Test Cases, Test Methods and Test Suites for regression and functional testing using the TestNG annotations like Groups, Parameter and Data Provider.
Highly experienced in performing Cross-Browser Testing using TestNG integrated with Selenium.
Implemented Cross-Browser Testing on different platforms using Selenium Grid.
Well acquainted with Synchronization Techniques like Implicit Wait, Explicit Wait and Fluent wait.
Used different Web Debugging tools such as Firebug and FirePath for locating.
Ability to read an excel file using Apache POI (Page Object Index), and access the data from database using JDBC
Hands on knowledge on Log4j to debug the defects which had effect on the Test Script.
Good exposure in using of Quick Test Professional(QTP) Integrated Environment (Step Generator, Synchronization, Actions, Recovery Scenarios and Methods)
Hands on knowledge on Test Driven Development (TDD), Behavior Driven Development (BDD) and ATDD (Acceptance Test Driven Data) using Cucumber.
Effectively involved in Defects logging, tracking and managing Defect Life Cycles using HP Quality Centre, JIRA and Rally, Bugzilla and ALM.
Worked on databases such as Oracle, MS SQL Server, MySQL.
Experience with Code Version Control systems like GIT, SVN.
Extensively used Test Director & Quality Center to write Test Cases and for reporting. All the Scripts are maintained using Test Director & HP Quality Center.
Extensively uploaded test cases from MS Excel, MS Word to Test Director & HP Quality Center.
Experienced in Bug Tracking System and Process.
Versatile team player with good communication and problem solving skills with all management levels
High proficiency in Scheduling, Managing resources and activities in QA Teams
A good team player with excellent communication and interpersonal skills.

TECHNICAL SKILLS:
Methodologies
Waterfall, Agile/Scrum, SDLC, STLC
MS Office Tools
MS Outlook, MS Word, Excel, PowerPoint, MS Access, Microsoft Project, MS One Note.
Programming Languages
HTML, C, Java, Java Script, XML, CSS, Gherkin, JCL, COBOL, PROC
Databases
MySQL, Oracle, Microsoft SQL Server, DB2, Cassandra
Frameworks
Keyword Driven, Data Driven, Modular, Hybrid, Page Object Model (POM)
Testing Tools
Selenium IDE, Selenium RC, Web Driver, Selenium Grid, TestNG, JUnit, Auto IT, Cucumber, QC, APPIUM, PostMan, Ready API, SOAP UI, Perfecto Mobile, QTP, IBM - Rational Functional Testing
Test Build & Integration Tools
Maven, Jenkins, GitHub, SVC, Winscp
Browsers
Internet Explorer, Mozilla Firefox, Google Chrome, Safari, Opera
Operating Systems
Windows 7,8, 10, Ubuntu, Linux
Defect Tools
JIRA, HP Quality Center/ALM, Rally, Bugzilla
Tools
Eclipse IDE, Visual Studio, Putty, Confluence, Lucid Charts, PEGA PRPC – 7.1.5, 7.2.2, IBM Sterling Order Management Systems, IT Service Management tool (ITSM), HP Service Management tool (HPSM)

EDUCATION:
Bachelors of Technology in Electronics and Communication Engineering

WORK EXPERIENCE:

HM Health Solutions, Pittsburgh, PA Jan 2016 – Aug 2017
Software Development Engineer in Test

HM Health Solutions provides innovative, technology-based solutions that enable health plans to achieve top-line revenue growth, reduce costs, and gain economies of scale. The main clients are: Medicaid, Independent BlueCross and BlueCross BlueShield Minnesota. The organization's professional employees provide experience in multiple products lines, including Medicare, Medicaid, commercial, individual, dental, and vision. I worked for two different projects one module is on end to end process of PEGA for Medicaid client as a Developer and as an Automation Engineer for the client BCBS Minnesota. For Utilization Management Systems developed the Authorization request flow for the Members of the Medicaid. It allows the patients to find a doctor in the nearby locations based on the zip code and they can also compare and select a doctor on based on their specialty.
Responsibilities:
Thoroughly analyzed business specifications.
Implemented Standardized and Unified process throughout the Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC).
Experience on Requirement Analysis, Design, Implementation of PRPC v7.1, Agile Methodologies.
Creating Rule sets like Properties and Activities for the concerned classes.
Creating User Interfaces through Harness and Section rules.
Designing Flows and Flow Actions for proper execution of the work object.
Implementing and sending correspondence to different parties using Notify shape and Activities.
Defined PRPC components like Decision Table, Decision Trees and Declarative Expressions.
Created Report Definition for reporting purposes in the process commander.
Involved in testing of application using PRPC tools like Clipboard and Tracer.
Actively participated in all the phases of the Testing Life cycle - STLC (Planning, Designing, Development and Reporting and Results).
Extensively used SQL to retrieve data from the databases by writing views triggers etc.
Used Complex SQL queries using joins and sub-queries to test the reports generated by the different modules as a part of back-end testing.
Designed, updated and reviewed the Test Cases.
Developed and maintained the test scripts, test data and test cases. Involved with other team members to set up testing tools, implementation and other testing environments.
Performed both Manual and Automation testing.
Performed various types of testing, such as functional, regression, user acceptance testing manually.
Created the test scripts for both positive and negative testing.
Involved in Functional, Integration, Regression and End-to-End testing of the application against user requirements.
Defect Identification and created defect tracking reports till the close of the defect.
Attended various Functional Walkthroughs and writing high level testing scenarios.
Conducted Load and Performance testing using JMeter
Managed and executed the test process, using Agile Methodology - Scrum Based approach.
Conducted Web Services testing using Ready API.
Bug reporting and tracking by using Jira
Involved in designing, creating, and maintaining framework for web based applications leveraging object oriented language Java with Selenium (API), Page Object Model (POM), Hybrid driven (Data driven + Keyword driven) framework.
Created Automation Test scenarios using Java TestNG, Selenium WebDriver and used Maven Build tool to run the automation.
Used Firebug Tool to identify the Object's id, Name, Xpath, link in the application.
Environment: Agile, Windows, PEGA PRPC 7.1, Selenium Web Driver, TestNG, Selenium Grid, Apache POI, SQL, IE, Firefox, Firebug, MS-office, JIRA, Confluence, Windows 7, Eclipse, MySQL, Ready API, JMeter.

The Home Depot, Atlanta, GA Jun 2014 – Dec 2015
QA Automation Test Engineer

The Home Depot is an American home improvement supplies retailing company that sells tools, construction, products and services. It has different modules gift cards is the module which I was involved and performed End to End Testing. In this module users can Mail a Gift Card, Email an eGift Card, Reload and Check Gift Card Balance.

Responsibilities:
Search API is the core of Homedepot.com site and it is the backbone of all Search End points.
Involved in testing new semantic search algorithms to understand the context and intent of a user query to provide more precise and relevant recommendations and enable faceted search.
Creating Automation scripts for the functional user stories and regression suite& responsible for daily Automation runs, failure analysis and reporting.
Performed cross browser functional testing using Selenium WebDriver.
Developed build and deployment scripts using Ant and Maven as build tools in Jenkins to move from one environment to other environments and created new jobs and branches through Jenkins Worked on distributed test automation execution on different environment as part of Continuous Integration Process using Selenium Grid and Jenkins.
Configured GIT with Jenkins and schedule jobs using Poll SCM option Created Test cases, Test suites using Cucumber-JVM, Selenium web driver.
Used Jackson library for converting JSON to JAVA Object and JAVA Object to JSON using Object Mapper Consumed Home Depot and proprietary vendor API's to extract test data.
Automating scenarios by writing Java glue code for Cucumber-JVM.
Performed automation of test cases for Regression and functional End-to-End Testing using In-House Java Framework on top of Selenium.
Used Junit to run Cucumber feature and scenarios and generating report on daily basis.
Used automated scripts and performed functionality testing during the various phases of the application development using In-house Selenium framework.
Involved in execution of testing Back End Search Engines, Managing features and scenarios, selecting test scenarios to run using Cucumber Tags Testing Restful web services and involved in core component layers xml validation, and service layer.
Used IT Service Management (ITSM) and HP Service Management (HPSM) For handling incidents, service requests, alerts and escalations
Environment: JSON, Selenium WebDriver, JUnit, TestNG, Maven, ANT, Jenkins, Eclipse, JIRA, Confluence, Cucumber-JVM, ITSM, HPSM.

Kauvery Hospital, Chennai, India Apr 2012 – May 2014
QA Test Engineer

Kauvery Hospital has mushroomed across Tamil Nadu, to be an 800 bed strong, leading global, multispecialty healthcare enterprise. It has been delivering preeminent medical care, setting world class standards. Departments & Care Centers is the one of the biggest module which I was involved, where it allows the patients to get to the doctor or treatment and facilities based on their location.
Responsibilities:

Performed automation using Selenium, Junit and Java technologies (Eclipse IDE)
Created automation framework for complex scenarios and performed Functional and Regression testing for various releases using Selenium 1.0(RC), Junit, and Java
Set up Selenium tools from scratch and configured various other peripherals tools to perform Selenium automation testing.
Implemented cross browser and cross platform testing of web application with SeleniumRC
Used Junit testing Framework as a test runner with Selenium
Actively Participated in requirement gathering from end Users, Responsible for writing functional Specifications and design documents.
Involved in creation of Test plan and responsible for creating Test cases from the functional Requirements
Worked with the team to increase the test coverage and created detailed QA and UAT cases to validate the quality of the application.
Tested the various Service Oriented Architectures (SOA) spanning across various web services using SOAP and WSDL across various applications using SOAP UI.
Installed, configured SOAP UI to test web services using WSDL file given by Development team.
Performed functional testing of SOAP & RESTful Web Services using SOAPUI Tool Used Java/Junit to run Cucumber feature and scenarios and generating report daily basis.
Performed RESTful web services and API testing in SOAPUI Pro and validated responses with assertions.
Developed Groovy scripts to test Report application output and to customize test.
Worked with Developers to ensure testing issues are Resolved.
Used best practices to create and execute extensible tests.
Used WINSCP tool for managing the test related files
Extensively worked on SQL Queries to test the database integrity.
Connected to database using Putty to execute SQL queries
Created Test Data using SQL for testing some special cases.
Environment: SeleniumRC, Junit, Java, SQL, Windows, Putty, WinSCP, MS-Excel, MS-Office, Agile, Eclipse IDE, Oracle, SOAPUI, RESTful Web Services.

Kotak Mahindra Bank, Bangalore, India Apr 2010 – Mar 2012
QA Analyst – Main Frame Developer

Kotak Mahindra Bank is an Indian private sector bank. It offers a wide range of banking products and financial services for corporate and retail customers through a variety of delivery channels and specialized subsidiaries in the areas of personal finance, invest banking, life insurance, and wealth management. I worked on a existing module on Main Frames – COBOL as a developer, analyzed and modified various batch processing jobs. As a QA Analyst worked on the module where the user an option to find a ATM or Branch near to their location based on their pin-code or state and city.
Responsibilities:
Prepared detailed test plans and test cases which specify testing overview and testing approach depending on the business and technical requirements.
Analyzed, debugged and modified COBOL programs discrepancies for batch processing.
Updated COBOL applications that use IMS and DB2databases.
Established and maintained various levels of documentation for new and existing processes of JCL jobs and PROC’s for Daily, Monthly and Yearly reporting purposes.
Provided DB2 tables analysis, worked with DBA on application performance improvement.
Analyzing user requirement document and developing test plan which includes test objectives, test strategies, test environment, test priorities, test cases etc.
Responsible for executing SQL queries in MS SQL server for data validation from back end.
Developed SQL Scripts for Data Migration Testing and backend testing.
Rich experience in defining tasks, establishing milestones, prioritizing work and product defects, and communicating status during the product release cycle.
Involved in complete QA Life Cycles.
Prepared test Cases with the complete description of requirements, uploaded test cases and report results into Quality Center.
Executed regression scripts on HP Quality Center.
During testing life cycle, performed different types of testing like System testing, Integration testing, and Regression testing.
Updated management about the test progress on a daily and weekly basis with status reports and attended project meetings.
Identified bugs and interacted with QA lead and developers to resolve the issues.
Participated in QA team meetings and weekly QA testing reviews.
Environment: Quality Center, HTML, SQL, Windows, SharePoint, MS-Excel, MS-Office, MS-Outlook, Waterfall, MS SQL, IMS databases, COBOL – JCL, Proc.

Green Life Insurance Broking, Chennai, India Jul 2009 – Mar 2010
QA Analyst – JAVA Developer

GreenLife Insurance Broking Private Limited (GIBL) is incorporated in India and registered as a private limited company under Indian Companies Act. GIBL is an IRDA licensed insurance brokers. If we go into this website, we will have many insurance options like health insurance, motor insurance, travel insurance etc. I was mainly involved in Travel Insurance option where we can compare 25+ insurers to give the best travel insurance prices in India.

Responsibilities:

Interacted with managers, developers in daily standup meetings and discuss about the User Stories and have a clear view of the requirement before testing the application.
Utilized Java, Eclipse/J2EE, tested programming code and applications, collaborated with team and management.
Diagnose and correct errors within Java/HTML code to allow for connection and utilization of applications.
Participated and contributed to strategic QA planning.
Extensively involved in testing software applications and reporting bugs
Executed Manual Test Cases by using positive and negative data inputs.
Derived Test Scenarios from Business Scenarios and mapped requirements.
Developed manual Test script and converted to automated script using QTP.
Responsible for development of new tools using QTP and scripts useful for business needs.
Prepared training materials for future reference on QTP tool.
Prepared Regression Test Suite from Functional Test cases based on Business Criticality.
Executed Regression test suite against each QA build.
Involved in Database testing, Functional Integration, Regression and Compatibility testing of the application.
Checked the Data flow through the front and backend and used SQL queries to extract the data from the database.
Used SQL and PL/SQL for Data retrieval in Back End Testing.
Performed Data Validation of the data flow from the front-end to the back-end.
Ran PL/SQL blocks to rectify data corruption in the database.
Responsible for Front End testing, Integration testing and System testing on the coded software.
Participated in Review meetings to discuss Issues with Team Lead and Project Manager.
Prepared Final Test report after completion of execution.

Environment: Waterfall, Microsoft office, Java, JavaScript, Quality Center, JDBC, HTML, CSS, XML, SQL, PL/SQL, Oracle, Windows XP.
Contact this candidate