Edgar Carrizales
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
** ***** ** ********** ** Automation & Manual Testing of Software and Web Applications (such as SIEBEL, SAP Portal). Test scripting using VBscript. Involved in Automation Testing using HP Unified Functional Testing (UFT), Manual Testing, Regression Testing and SAP Test Acceleration and Optimization (SAP TAO). Preparation and reviewal of Test Plans, creation of automated test scripts, manual tests and test summary reports.
A considerable part of his experience revolves around performing and planning HP ALM installations, upgrades from QC 10.00 to ALM 11.x and 12.x, workflow designs and customization as well as OTA/Site Administration API scripting.
Leading test teams, status reporting, and project status tracking and metrics collection and reporting can be included among his skill set as well.

TECHNICAL SUMMARY

HP Testing Tools Specialist: Unified Functional Testing 12.x (formely HP Quick Test Professional), HP ALM 11.x and 12.x (formerly HP Quality Center).
ERP/CRM Functional Validation using HP Testing tools.
SAP Solution Manager Adapter basic installation and configuration
SAP TAO (1.0.x to 3.x versions) and Siebel accelerators solutions.
ERP/CRM Packages: Siebel 7.x, SAP R/3 Frontend 7.x (Experience working with MM, SD, WM)
Programming Languages: C++, VBScript
Operating Systems: Microsoft Windows 7 and newer, Windows Server 2008 and newer, Linux (SuSE, Red Hat and Debian-based distributions).
Other: Cisco Certified Networking Academy, VMWare Server experience, SQL Developer, SQL*PLus, Oracle 11g fundamentals, WinSCP, PuTTY, SAP TAO custom components development, SOASTA fundamentals, fundamentals of shell scripting, HP ALM OTA/Site Admin/ REST APIs scripting.

PROJECT EXPERIENCE
CVS Health 3 months
HP ALM 11.00 Upgrade to HP ALM 12.53 HP ALM Specialist
Responsibilities/Deliverables:
Install and troubleshoot the HP ALM 11.52 UAT instance
Upgrade projects from HP ALM 11.00 to HP ALM 11.52 and fixed problems derived from upgrading these projects.
Create linux shell scripts to speed up the tasks related to project upgrading
Create Site Admin/OTA macros to automate user management and input files creation for the shell scripts.
Documentation of the above-mentioned processes.
Keep track of the upgrade status per project.
Provide assistance in the delivery

Achievements:
The time spent on upgrading the projects was reduced by 40% and eliminated possible typo errors thanks to the shell scripts and macros.
Additional to this, by keeping a record of the issues found when upgrading projects in the UAT instance allowed the team to prepare with the proper resources once these projects were upgraded in the Production instance.

JP Morgan Chase 7 months
HP ALM 11.00 Upgrade to HP ALM 12.21 HP ALM Specialist
Responsibilities/Deliverables:
Provide assistance/guidance in the implementation of the Upgrade Project Plan
Troubleshoot workflow customization issues
Support for the ALM Business Users
Provide guidance in the database and repository transfer strategies
Validate the proposed ALM 12 Standards implementation of permissions and processes
Assist in the UAT testing of the newly installed ALM 12.x instances
Create linux shell scripts and Site Admin/OTA macros to automate the activities involved in the ALM Upgrade effort.

Achievements:
By automating the activities involved in the upgrade to ALM 12.x, the time the ALM Site Administrator required to perform all activities was reduced drastically by 60%, also, this automation initiative reduced typo errors and took care of tedious, repetitive tasks such as editing files or user interaction. Also, best practices such as project maintenance, documentation guidelines and processes were started to be implemented product of the proven ALM experience.

Treehouse Foods, Chicago, IL 4 months
HP QC 10 upgrade to HP ALM 11.52 HP ALM Specialist

Responsibilities/Deliverables:
Document the access (URLs, credentials) to Source (QC 10) and Target (ALM 11.52) servers
Create a project plan and schedule for the upgrade of the QC 10 projects
Validate the upgrade process by doing sanity tests
Coordinate with database administrator and HP Support Engineers for data backups troubleshooting.

Challenges:
There was a previous attempt to migrate the QC 10 projects by another team of consultants that was not completed due to an issue with a crucial project that required more time than allotted. Working in cooperation with the HP Support Engineers for around 3 weeks, a fix was found and the upgrade was successfully completed.

Anadarko, Houston, TX 8 months
SAP TAO 2.0.7 Automation SAP TAO Specialist

Responsibilities/Deliverables:
Define functional test strategy for SAP new release
Provide guidelines to Subject Matter Experts (SMEs) when documenting test cases
Test cases validation
Automation of test cases with SAP TAO
Execution of automated test cases and documentation for sign-off
Provide assistance to Subject Matter Experts to execute the automated test cases
SAP TAO custom components creation and/or enhancement

Baker Hughes, Houston, TX 6 months
Quality Center 9.2 project upgrade to HP ALM 11 Quality Center Specialist

Responsibilities/Deliverables:
Define a project upgrade priority list and schedule
Upgrade and troubleshoot projects to HP ALM 11
Upgrade QTP test assets for QTP-related projects.
Assist the Baker Hughes testing team in the SAP TAO upgrade and HP Performance Center installation

Cargill, Minneapolis, MN 3 months
HP Application LifeCycle Management support Support Engineer

Responsibilities/Deliverables:
Provide support to HP ALM users.
Review HP ALM servers’ logs and create anaylsis based on the data provided by the logs.
Monitor QC Sense behavior to further pinpoint problems in the HP ALM servers.

SaskPower, Electricity Corporation, Regina, SK, Canada 15 months Regression Testing for Maintenance Cycles Automation Engineer

Responsibilities/Deliverables:
Regression testing for SAP TAO – automated business processes.
Update data, debug and rerun test scripts.
Document the maintenance cycle execution by providing logs and video recordings.

OG & E, Energy Industry, Oklahoma, OK 9 months
Business Processes Automation with SAP TAO 2.0.4 Test Engineer

Responsibilities/Deliverables:
Business processes validation for client’s Functional Analysts
Business process automation by using SAP TAO

Idexx Laboratories, Veterinary Industry, Westbrook, Maine 8 Months
Upgrade to QC 10.0, QTP 10.0 and SAP TAO 1.0.11 Quality Center Consultant
Responsibilities/Deliverables:
Upgrade Quality Center server and projects from version 9.2 to 10.0
Perform a test asset upgrade for the projects migrated from QC 9.2 to 10.0
Upgrade Quick Test Professional (QTP) to QTP 10.0
Upgrade SAP Test Acceleration and Optimization (SAP TAO) from 1.0.10.7 to 1.0.11

SaskPower, Electricity Corporation, Regina, SK, Canada 12 months
SAP Test Automation and Optimization implementation Technical Lead

Responsibilities/Deliverables:
Installation and configuration of HP Quality Center 10.0, Quick Test Professional 10.0, SAP TAO 2.0.3 and SAP Solution Manager Adapter.
Prepare and troubleshoot remote access for an offshore automation team.
Define automation guidelines, folder structure in Quality Center as well as naming conventions required for the automation of test scripts.
Review test scenarios for automation and provide guidelines to SaskPower’s Business Analysts to rework the scenarios where needed.
Coordinate the offshore team for the remote access tests and functional issues found during automation.
Prepare the hardware and software requirements to deliver training to SaskPower functional analysts.

Achievements:
In coordination with SaskPower’s resources, Edgar configured the tools involved in automation, defined strategies for the offshore automation as well as for folder structure in Quality Center and naming conventions. He also provided SaskPower’s functional analysts with guidelines to improve the documentation of test scenarios.

Servicio de Administración Tributaria, Mexico City, MX 12 months
Quality Center Administration Administrator

Responsibilities/Deliverables:
User Management
Project entities management
Workflow design and customization
Tests and Test scenarios management
Processes documentation (for the aforementioned items)
Report definition and generation
Project Customization
Support for Quality Center users
Project migration into a newer hardware infrastructure

Achievements:
Besides project customization and support, Edgar managed to coordinate a team in order to migrate Quality Center projects, he had to request IP access to the new server, export, import and validate the information in the new server, as well as document the whole process from strategy to implementation. He showed commitment and always following an on-time schedule.

Schneider Electric, Paris, France 17 months
Automation/SAP Accelerators Test Engineer

Responsibilities/Deliverables:
Business process refinement in collaboration with SAP consultants
Business process automation by using QTP and accelerators technology
Provide accelerators technology knowledge transfer for India-based SAP consultants and test engineers.

Achievements:
Edgar contributed to complete the first phase of this functional validation project, the biggest one of its kind in Europe for FocusFrame. He had the chance to work side by side with Business Analysts and SAP consultants to improve the quality in the client’s business processes and also increased his SAP experience as well as the refinement of the abilities related to Accelerators technology.

Additional Projects

Test Leader. Findlay, OH. Marathon Petroleum Co.
Test Leader. Naperville, IL. Eby Brown
Solutions Architect. Detroit, MI. General Motors
Test Leader. Concord, California. - Chevron
Test Leader. Paris, France. – Schneider
Test Engineer – Corning Co.
Test Engineer. Saint Louis, Missouri. - Anheuser Busch
Test Engineer. Ridgefield, Connecticut. – Boehringer Ingelheim

EDUCATION, TRAINING AND CERTIFICATIONS

EDUCATION
Certified in Cisco’s CCNA program 09/2003 – 05/2005
B.Sc. Computer Science at Instituto Tecnologico de Estudios Superiores de la Region Carbonifera, Agujita, Coah. 08/2000 – 12/2004

CERTIFICATIONS

WORK EXPERIENCE
Consultant at Terafit Consulting Services – Saltillo, México (June 2009 – Present)
Associate Consultant at FocusFrame LLC – San José California (October 2006 – March 2009).
Contact this candidate