Karthik ac5g95@r.postjobfree.com
SR QA Software Engineer Phone -908-***-****
Professional Summary
6+ years of experience with expertise in Functional, Automated and Manual Testing of Web based applications using Selenium IDE and UFT/TestNG Automation Tools.
Experience in Structured Integration, Functional and Performance Testing experience in Retail, Telecom, E-Commerce, Insurance Banking, Manufacturing, Departmental Warehouse Management System, Human resources in a Client Server/Environment, /ERP Modules.
Thorough understanding of the SDLC and STLC with expertise in mapping client / business requirements, application design, development, integration, testing and troubleshooting for complex information systems management.
Experience in Software Unit Testing, Functional Testing, Integration Testing, Regression Testing, performance, configuration and usability testing, Smoke Testing, Functional Testing, GUI Testing, Load Testing and Stress Testing.
Experience in Provisioning system, billings system and test data and GUI based testing, Database Testing creation skills
Experience in testing various methods including Validation, Verification, Functional, Integration, End to End testing, Performance, Graphic User Interfaces (GUI), Regression, System, Recovery, Volume, Load and Stress, UAT
Experience in writing validation code i.e. SQL statements for data selection. Involved in Database testing using SQL Statements and Queries
Ensures team is meeting several level objectives. Performed functional testing on iPhone and Android for mobile Apps .so that cable customers can manage their services through iPhone or Android.
Create and Execute test cases in the Lab environment. Good knowledge on Functional Testing, Regression Testing, GUI based testing, Database Testing, Web Testing, Integration testing, Production testing and supporting Nights of Deployments for releases.
Maintained Cycle Role of QA in different testing methodologies like Agile, and Waterfall etc.
Experience in Agile development process including sprint planning, backlog grooming, sprint demo, sprint retrospective, and testing builds.
Performed TDD (Test driven data development), Functional Black Box Regression testing and UAT testing initiatives.
Expertise in analyzing business requirements, QTP test scripts system requirements and functional requirements specification.
Developed Test automation scripts for UFT the web-based applications
Used HPE Storm Runner Load for Software as a Service (SaaS) solution for Web and mobile application performance and cloud testing, for both internal and external applications.
Automation experience using QTP and TestNG frameworks.
Comprehensive knowledge of Manual and Automation tools like Load Runner and gained exposure in the areas of UAT Phases.
Experience with UAT testing along with data setup, Environment setup and coordination between users, Development, Business Analyst and Product Management teams.
Use HP ALM for systematic management of test cases, test steps and defect tracking.
Executed Test cases in the timely manner and Reported defects in HP Quality center ALM
Experience Tester in Agile Development. Using TDD and ATDD approach.
Knowledge in testing SOA Architecture, Web Services, UDDI, Network protocols (VOIP, TCP/IP) and IVR system testing.
Experience with Mobile Automation Tool Device Anywhere and Appium.
Experienced in writing JUNIT Test cases for Java and J2EE applications.
Expertise in using Tools Mercury/HP QC, HP ALM, Rational Clear Quest, Zephyr, Rally and JIRA.
Effective Communication and Interpersonal skills. Technically sound, Result-Oriented with strong Problem-solving skills. Innovative & efficient. Capable of working as a Team Member or Individually with minimum supervision

Technical& Software skills

Languages: Java, Java Script, CSS, HTML, Shell Script, VB Script, Groovy.
Technologies: J2EE, JSP, JDBC, HTML, Java Script, SOAP, XML
QA Tools: QTP, JUNIT 3/4, TEST NG, Firebug, Fire Path, Path, Maven, JSON, Jenkins, JMeter, Probenazole, SVN, JXL, HP Diagnostics.
Bug Tracking Tools: HP ALM, Quality Center, JIRA, Zephyr
Web Services: SOAP, REST, SOAP UI
Operating system: Windows, MAC, DOS, Linux/ Unix
Database: Oracle, SQL Server, MS Access, MySQL,
Web Servers: Tomcat, Web Sphere, Web Logic, IIS, Citrix
Browsers: Internet Explorer, Firebox, Chrome, Safari
Misc. Tools: SQL Navigator, AWS, SVN, PUTTY, Paros Proxy, MSMQ, Crystal Reports.

Professional Experience:

Client: Target Corporation,Minnesota March 2017 – Till now
Role: QA Functional Test engineer

Description: CUSTDW (Customer Data Warehouse) is an existing data warehouse containing heterogeneous data of Target Legacy Customers using wholesale/Treasury Management products. Currently the Customers data warehouse is to help Merger Transition Customer View team to serve customers better. The development team has provided the even driven framework to support ongoing merger billings & products based on predefined Business Rules.
Responsibilities:
Performed Waterfall methodologies for testing, review the stories and participated in Daily Meetings, Iteration Planning and Release Planning meeting and used Rally Tool.
Writing test cases based on the business requirement and technical documentation.
Creating JCDM (Jcrew Document Management) and screen shots of test cases. Based on every week rollout must retest the scenario.
Responsible for implementing LoadRunner, Performance center, JMeter based infrastructure including: Architecting the load testing infrastructure, hardware & software integration with Load Runner.
Worked on testing applications related to WMS Cycle Count, Internal Order, Internal Requisition, Job or Schedule, Move Order, Purchase Orders etc.
Testing the different scenarios like Entering the order, booking the order, scheduling the order. Pricing. Testing the line item, pricing list and modifiers.
Tested on single wave, Multi line wave, Gift box, Gift card testing using PUTTY to serial the items and release manifest in DLX.
Selecting a wave with various hubs with various service levels. Getting printer certification for various Target labels like Gift cards, Vouchers and worked on Local orders and International Order.
Worked on MOCA Commands using Command Server operations and helping production support.
Integrator. Finding the shipment results Printing pick ticket and testing Size zero items. Validation of wave and pick labels.
Executed functional and regression testing on WMS.
Wrote SQL server queries to check the results.
Validated the results from pick and pack list.
Tested New DDA Reports and DDA
Well in testing of the web services using the SOAPUI and PARASOFT SOA testing tool.
Manage defect tracking tool like HP Quality Center, Zephyr
Provide test summary documentation and analyze test results, identifying trends and/or root causes of problems.
Developed training materials, system maintenance and operating manuals for the QA environment and used the same to train the users.
Establish business continuity through Knowledge Transfer and mentoring of new resources.

Environment: SQL, WMS,DDA.TDM Worksoft, SOA, UNIX, Appium, Oracle RMS, MS Excel, VBScript, Performance Center,Selenium,Crystal Reports, HP Diagnostics, Shell Scripting, Jira, Zephyr, Rally, SOAP

Client: Hertz Corporation, Estero, FL August 2015– Feb 2017
Role: Software Test engineer

Description: Hertz is a major car rental and car sales company across the global world.
its undergoing major transformation from the legacy systems to modernize cloud based applications part of this transformation, Hertz uses different applications under the process of testing

Responsibilities:
Analyzed the user requirements, functional specifications and Use Case documents and created the Test Plans, Test cases for Functional testing.
Projects migration from QC to ALM (DB backup/restore, DBID file updates, projects verification, repair, exception handling with/without exception files, etc.)
Involved in providing the Testing Effort estimates and provided the timely feedback on progress of the testing activity.
Used GIT as code repositories and Crucible to manage code reviews
Recorded and play back test in Fire fox using IDE.
Created Automation test framework using QTP Scripts
Developed and Executed JUnit Test Cases using Eclipse IDE.
Used Firebug Tool to identify the Object’s id, Name, XPath, link in the application.
Automated major flows using selenium RC and TestNG.
Responsible for implementing LoadRunner, Performance center, JMeter based infrastructure including: Architecting the load testing infrastructure, hardware & software integration with Load Runner.
Used Jenkins server to run Junit/Cucumber Automated tests.
Created test scripts using Groovy script to automate web services in SOAP UI.
Logged the errors, reported defects, determined repair priorities and tracked the defects until resolution using PVCS tracker, QC and Rally.
Writing Test Plan, Test Scenarios, Test Cases and Test Scripts for Automated testing using QTP.
Reviewed software Test plan for defining test scenarios and writing manual and automated test scripts.
Maintained Requirement Traceably Matrix (RTM) after developing and updating Test Cases.
Created, Maintained and Executed Manual Test Scripts in Quality Center.
Analyzed and identified defects and logged defects with detailed specification into Quality Center as they relate to Test Cases.
Analyzed test results to ensure existing functionality and recommended corrective action.
Participated in designing and development of software using agile development.
Examine the results of test to pinpoint defects in the application.
As part of compatibility testing, executed the workflow manager web application related test cases on different browsers like Internet Explorer and Mozilla Fire Fox on different Operating Systems. (validation)
SQL Queries for backend testing.
Successfully Completed User Acceptance Testing (UAT) on each release of the project with the help of end user requirements.

Environment: Web Sphere, Web logic,,HTML,CSS, JUNIT, JMeter, Java Script, Jenkins, Eclipse IDE, TestNG, Apache Http Server, GIT, Firebug, HP Quality Center, Rally, Groovy, Coded UI, Performance Center, RRC,

Client: Samsung C&T America Inc. Ridgefieldpark,NJ Sep 2014 – July 2015
Role:Sr QA Functional Tester
Description: Samsung is the largest Telecom mobile company in the USA. Joined existing onshore BI team and successfully designed, developed business solutions and contributed Business Intelligence (BOBI) project which aims in need for reporting to better understand the market trends, behavior, future opportunities and to improve their decision-making process. Coordinated with the business and P&A team to understand the system requirement
Responsibilities:
Responsible for Business analysis and requirements clarification.
Provisioning, test and turns up the switch to switch for mobile devices using the billing system apps, and verifiable. Fields (billing number, License and DEA number).
Had hands on experience in Provisioning system, billings system and test data creation skills
Implemented Data extraction over the TDM portal which is responsible for outline of TDM framework
Involved in Providing the TDM for technical solutions for the data management over masking the files in test analysis
Configured Selenium Web Driver, TestNG and created selenium automation scripts in java.
Performed functional testing on iPhone and Android for mobile Apps. so that cable customers can manage their services through iPhone or Android.
Performed Web Services Testing using REST API and SOAP testing.
Test automation for web application (SWAP module) using Cucumber.
Created and maintained Test Scripts and Test Cases based on High Level Functional Requirements Document (FRD)utilizing Visual Studio Team System (VSTS) 2008, Team Foundation Server (TFS), for manual, automated (Functional & Regression), and performance/stress testing.
Managed and executed the test process using Agile Methodology
Performed data quality analysis using advanced SQL skills.
Strong ability in developing advanced SQL queries to extract, manipulate, and/or calculate information to fulfill data and reporting requirements including identifying the tables and columns from which data is extracted.
Involved in end-to-end testing of the Web/Mobile applications and its interactions with ERP Systems using SOA and Appium.
Conducted Load testing on web applications using SOAPUI, LOADUI and JMeter.

Environment: TDM,CSG,ICOMS, SOAP, SOAPUI, JMeter, TestNG, REST, TEST NG,HTML, Java Script, API, Zephyr,VSTS, TSF,cucumber, ALM, Agile Methodology, SQL

Client Serco Global Services, India Jan 2012 – Aug 2014
Role: QA Software Tester
Description: Serco Global Solutions is an enterprise web and mobile app development firm dedicated to building better user experiences at the forefront of design. With extensive expertise in full stack web and mobile application Development

Responsibilities:
Reviewing and analyzing business requirements and technical specifications to come up with Testing Scope.
As a member of User Acceptance Team, I am Organizing and Documenting test process like Developing Test Conditions and test Scripts.
Involved in UAT Testing, Interface Testing and Integration Testing.
As a member of UAT Team, I Test Application and make sure it is developed as per client’s business requirements.
Make sure Application is user friendly.
Tested USER interface inconsistency and application functionality.
Analyzed the Vision document, Use Case document and Software Architecture document and developed the Test strategy.
Documented the Problem Reports (PR’s) for all the bugs detected during UAT Testing and tracked the bug fixing process until they were closed.
Used Quality Center for logging the Defects.
Tested the Application Structures and Functionalities.
Served as Quality Assurance Analyst in several simultaneous projects.
Created Test Script and Regression testing for in-depth testing of major enhancements to existing application.
Expertise in using TFS to open bugs, create tasks and user stories, initiate change requests.

Environment: Oracle-8, HTML, Java script, MS Excel, Java, Windows XP, Quality Center, TFS
Contact this candidate