M Devendar
Mobile: +91-900*******
Email Id: ac6omr@r.postjobfree.com

OBJECTIVE:

A software Test engineer well versed in Software Testing with 11.6 years of experience in Software Testing. Looking for a long-term association with a company having dynamic work environment where my skills could be shared and to grow in the hierarchy of the company.

SUMMARY:

Well versed with SDLC and Software Testing Life Cycle.
Analyzing the requirements and developing test cases for new features and enhancement Interacted diplomatically with Developers and other team members to ensure high quality software.
Proficiency in Designing, Reviewing and Executing Test cases.
Experience in preparing Test plan, traceability matrix, Bug Verification Report, Test Summary Report.
Involved in GUI Testing, Smoke, Sanity and Regression Testing.
Good experience in Identifying, Reporting and tracking Bugs.
Experience in automation testing of Web Application.
Experience in manual testing of Web and Window based applications.
Good experience in Automating Mobile App Testing using Appium with TestNG framework.
Good experience in Automating Web Application Testing using Selenium Web driver with TestNG framework.
Strong Experience in Java Programming, Selenium Web driver and TestNG.
Exposure on Quick Test Professional.

Stamped VISA Details :

Visa Type
Visa No
Visa Issued Date
Visa Expiry Date
H1B
EAC1614251823
<11/01/2017>
<31/12/2018>

TECHNICAL SKILLS:

Operating Systems : MAC, Android, iOS, UNIX, Windows XP,07,08& Server 2008.
Tools : Appium, X-Code, Selenium, HP ALM QC 12.1,JIRA, Soap UI
Jenkin and Bit Bucket
Database : SQL, ORACLE
EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATION:
Bachelor of Science (B.S.C) from Osmania University.

CAREER PROFILE:
Working as a Senior Consultant in Capgemini, Mumbai from May 2017 to Till Date.

Worked as a Senior Test Engineer in Syntel.Ltd, Mumbai from Jan 2011 to May 2017.
Worked as a Test Engineer in CS, Hyderabad from Nov 2006 to Jan 2011.

Project #1

Title : Digital Bi-Weekly/Mobile Automation
Client : Finish Line
Technologies : Appium, MAC, Java, Selenium, X-Code, Jenkin, Bit-Bucket
Team Size : 6

Responsibilities:

Involved in the responsible for managing team and planning activities.
Involved in the responsible for assigning tasks and managing the team.
Involved in the preparation of devlopment and execution dash board for shows the dollar saving to client
Involved in the estimation for respective requirement.
Involved in the test case review created by team members.
Involved in Mobile App (Android and IOS) testing with Appium for Regression.
Involved to create Test cases using Appium Element locator .
Enhanced Test cases using Java program features with Cucumber.
Conducting Data driven testing, cross browser testing and parallel test execution.
Detecting the discrepancies and raising defects in JIRA.
Involved into environment setup for Appium installastion on MAC.
Involved in daily status calls and onsite calls.

PROJECT PROFILE:

Project #2

Title : SMART
Client : HCA
Technologies : Windows 7,Java, Selenium Web driver,Unix,Hibernate,Soap UI.
Team Size : 11

Responsibilities:

Involved in the responsible for managing team, planning activities, creating test plan and standard templates (Daily status, defect status, defect process etc.).
Involved in the responsible for assigning tasks and managing the team
Involved in prepare the requirement document.
Involved in the estimation for respective requirement.
Involved in creation of Test Cases.
Involved in the test case review created by team members.
Involved in Regression testing using Selenium.
Involved to create Test cases using Element locator and Selenium Web driver Method.
Involved in Mobile App (Android and IOS) testing with Appium for Regression.
Enhanced Test cases using Java program features and TestNG.
Conducting Data driven testing, cross browser testing and parallel test execution.
Involved in to test the download and upload functionality for files by using Web driver.
Detecting the discrepancies and raising defects in QC ALM.
involved in monitor the production servers.
Involved in daily status calls and onsite calls.
Involved in Smoke, Retesting, Sanity and System Testing.

Project #3

Title : AES
Client : Wells Fargo, U.S
Technologies : Java, Selenium Web driver & Windows 7.
Team Size : 8

Responsibilities:
Requirements Analysis.
Involved in estimation for respective requirements.
Involved in preparation of test cases, executing the test cases.
Involved in Regression testing using Selenium
Involved in Automation Environment setup using Eclipse, Java, Selenium Web driver jars and TestNG.
Enhancing the Selenium Test cases for cross browser testng.
Involved to design test cases using Selenium Web driver and TestNG.
Reviewing the test cases written by the team members.
Involved in Smoke, Functionality and Regression Testing.
Report the bugs in Defect Sheet.
Involved in regression for the fixed defects.
Providing the status report and Defect reports on regular basis
Interacted with onsite team when ever anything is ambiguous in task/process and served with best suggestions to deliver quality products.

Place: Mumbai (Mella Devender)
Contact this candidate