*
TESTING METHODS
Functional Testing,
Regression Testing, Smoke
Testing, Integration Testing.
TESTING TOOLS
Selenium WebDriver, UFT,
Cucumber, Maven, Jenkins
PROGRAMING
LANGUAGES/FRAMEWORKS
Java, JUnit, Gherkin, HTML,
VBScript, XML, SQL
BUG TRACKING TOOLS
JIRA, Trello, ALM
RDBMS
Oracle, JDBC
API TESTING
REST-assured, Postman
TECHNICAL
SKILLS
v A highly motivated and results oriented Test Automation Engineer with 7+ years of experience in IT industry.
v Experience in a Software Development Engineer in Test (SDET) including Manual and Automated Testing of Web-based applications using Selenium WebDriver with Java Programming Language, JUnit, Maven, Cucumber with Gherkin Language, Jenkins, and Git.
v Proven ability in developing Behavioral Driven Framework with Cucumber and writing step definitions for behavior.
v Designed and implemented Data Driven Framework and Hybrid Framework from scratch based on the Page Objects Model.
v Maintained the Selenium WebDriver and JAVA automation code and resources in version control system GIT over the time for improvements and new features. v Experience in using Continuous Integration tool such as Jenkins. v Execute automation scripts on different browsers/environments and efficiently provided timely and accurate test reports whether with Junit or Cucumber. v Experience in writing SQL queries and performing Database Testing with JDBC in different RDBMS like Oracle.
v Set up and configured AWS EC2 instance for Jenkins. v Experience in Testing REST API Web Services by creating RESTful Test Automation Framework with REST-assured library to make POST, GET, PUT and DELETE calls to perform test CRUD operations.
v Experience in Cucumber HTML reports and JSON reports to automate test reports and include screenshots of failed scenarios. v Strong experience within the Web-Based Applications and Logistics/Supply Chain domains.
v Experience in each phase of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC), Software Testing Life Cycle (STLC) and Defect Life Cycle (DLC). v Experience in Waterfall, V-Link and AGILE Scrum Methodologies. v Experience in Requirement Analysis and creating Requirement Traceability Matrix between requirements and test cases to ensure test coverage. v Expert in identifying, assessing and reporting defects using various defect tracking tools such as JIRA, HP ALM and Trello.
v Proven ability in working individually or as a part of a team, problem solving, analytical skills, reporting and assisting to the team. v Strong believer of teamwork, collaboration with cross functional team mindset. PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY:
BACHELOR OF SCIENCE
Electrical Engineering
Ankara University
EDUCATION
v To obtain a Software Development Engineering in Test position that allows me to develop and utilize my extensive testing skills and knowledge while applying my experience to solve complex problems in a dynamically challenging environment.
571-***-****
ac8rc3@r.postjobfree.com
FEHMI KARAAGAC
S DET
McLean, VA
MASTER OF SCIENCE
Electrical Engineering
Gazi University
www.linkedin.com/in/fkaraagac
2
4Stay Aug 2017 – Present
SDET
v Automated End-to-End Test framework in accordance to 4STAY's startup web application services. Involved in UI Testing & API Testing.
v Developed and implemented Page Object Model based on automation-testing framework using Java, Selenium WebDriver, JUnit, Cucumber (Gherkin), Maven. v Used Java language for scripting and peer-reviewed the Testing Scripts developed by the team members. v Developed Data Driven Framework for reading test data from Excel File and also Cucumber Scenario Outline in the feature file.
v Integrated with Continuous Integration Tool Jenkins for running Smoke Test on nightly basis automatically. v Experience in using Jenkins as a Continuous Integration (CI) tool to configure with GitHub and Maven. v Extensively used Selenium locators like Id, Xpath, CSS Selectors etc. v Tested REST API Web Services by creating RESTful Test Automation Framework with REST-assured library to perform test CRUD operations
v Analyzed and maintained requirements and created Requirement Traceability Matrix (RTM) between requirements and test cases to ensure Test Coverage. v Experience in SQL queries to perform database testing using Oracle for data verification and validation. v Tested the application in different web browsers such as IE, Google Chrome etc. v Reported software defects and interacted with the developers to resolve technical issues. v Participated in Agile Scrum Ceremonies such as Sprint Grooming, Sprint Planning, Daily Scrum, Sprint Demo, Sprint Retro.
Environment: Agile, Java, Selenium WebDriver, Maven, Cucumber, JUnit, Jenkins, IntelliJ, JIRA, Git, XML, SQL, Postgres, AWS EC2, Angular.
JSF, Arlington VA Aug 2014 – Nov 2016
IT PROJECT COORDINATOR
v Conducted Test Plan and Test Cases Development activities for logistics modules of Autonomic Logistics Information System (ALIS).
v Conducted Test Data preparation for WebService (API) testing performed between two different web-based application.
v Experience in defect reports using project management tools and involved in defect resolve activities. v Involved in test environment setup activities for integration and WebService (API) testing between Web- based applications.
v Worked on an agile development environment consisting of many iterative releases for Logistics Information System Applications.
v Worked on interoperability and integration test requirements for transportation, supply chain and maintenance modules.
v In-depth understanding of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) and Software Testing Life Cycle
(STLC) and Defect Life Cycle.
v Participated in Test Result Evaluation of the application, documentation, and relevant reporting. EXPERIENCE
3
TURAF, Ankara TURKEY Sept 2010 – Jul 2014
TEST AUTOMATION ENGINEER IT PROJECT COORDINATOR v Involved in test automation activities using WesTest-2000/DATS Automatic Test Equipment (ATE) and Test Program Sets with ATLAS (Abbreviated Test Language for All Systems) Programming Language. v Participated in determining test environment and test data needs. v Participated in Test Result Evaluation of the application, documentation, and relevant reporting. v Conducted Test Plan and Test Cases Development activities for logistics modules of TIS (TURAF Information System)
v Conducted test strategy, test plan and test schedule for TIS and developed necessary documents. v Involved Test Data preparation for WebService (API) testing performed between two different web-based application.
v Experience in defect reports using project management tools and involved in Defect resolve activities. v Worked on an agile and waterfall development environment. v In-depth understanding of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) and Software Testing Life Cycle
(STLC) and Defect Life Cycle.
v Participated in Test Result Evaluation of the application, documentation, and relevant reporting. Education & Certificates:
• Bachelor of Science, Electronics Engineering, University of Ankara/TURKEY
• Master of Science, Electronics Engineering, University of Gazi /TURKEY
• Software Test Automation Engineering Education
• Oracle Certified Associate, Java SE 8 Programmer
• ISTQB Certification
• Fundamentals of Test and Evaluation
• Fundamentals of Systems Engineering
• Fundamentals of System Acquisition Management
• Modelling & Simulation for Test & Evaluation
• IPT Management & Leadership
• Risk and Time Management
Contact this candidate