ac96l8@r.postjobfree.com 203-***-****

Software Quality Assurance and Test Automation Engineer with 12+ years of experience in functional and non-functional testing. Highly skilled in Automation Testing using QTP/UFT / Ranorex / Java / Python / Selenium Webdriver, Managing E2E testing projects, Agile Methodologies. Played key role as Defect Manager managing large scale projects and having rich experience of coordinating Merger and Acquisitions projects. Experienced in leading and managing team of testers, offshore onsite coordination model. Self-motivated and well connected with the world of software testing and latest developments in test techniques.

Domain Exposure - OTC Derivatives & Securities Loan & Lease (Finance) Publishing

Professional Summary

Brief Profile Over 12 years of experience in Software Quality Assurance, Expertise in functional and non-functional testing using Industry Standard Test Design Techniques
Experienced in handling Merger & Acquisitions projects as SQA.
Played key role as Defect Manager for large scale projects (2000+ Defects).
Worked closely with developer’s to make testing smooth and on time.
Extensive experience in designing automation framework using QTP/UFT, Ranorex, Java, Python, Selenium Webdriver, and QC/ALM.
Worked in Agile environments (Scrum)
Hands on experience in Test Management tools/utilities – Quality Center/ALM, Mantis, RTC
Worked very close with Business users in order to understand the detailed requirements and deliver quality output with respect to functional and automation testing.
Helped and worked with UAT teams to meet the deadlines
Involved in project quality activities/process improvement/ test planning & internal audits.
Team management & reporting activities.
Imparting automation trainings & mentoring new joiners.
Actively involved in coordinating between offshore and onsite team.
Education Master of Computer Application (MCA) from IGNOU, Delhi, India
PGDCA ‘A’ Level, DOEACC Society, Delhi, India
Certification/Training ISTQB FL Certification 2009
Six Sigma Yellow Belt (2009-2010)
Agile – Scrum Master (2016)
Domain Skills Finance, Publishing, Securities, OTC Derivatives
Tool Skills QTP, ALM, Load Runner, Ranorex, Python, Jenkins, Java, Selenium, Maven
Quality Center, Mantis, Bugzilla, RTC (Rational Team Concert)
All-Pair Test Case Generation Tools (Ver 1.2.1)

Employer Period Client
oVied Technologies, Chantily, VAUSA (May 2018 – Till Date) Vied Technologies
oVied Technologies, Collierville, TNUSA (November 2017 – May 2018) First Tennessee Bank
oBirlasoft Inc, Naperville, IL USA (October 2016 – October 2017) BMO Harris Bank
oWipro Ltd. Quincy, MA USA (January 2015 – October 2016) State Street
oBirlasoft Inc, Danbury, CT USA (February 2012 – January 2015) GE Capital
oBirlasoft Ltd., India (August 2010 – February 2012) GE Capital
oHCL Technologies Ltd, India (March 2007 – August 2010) Elsevier Inc.

Project Experience – Summary

Project Overview Client Domain Period Team Size
Loan/Lease Onboarding First Tennessee Bank, USA Lease/Loan Management Nov 2017–May 2018 12
Loan/Lease Onboarding BMO Harris Bank, USA Lease/Loan Management Oct 2016 – Oct 2017 10
Over The Counter (OTC) State Street, USA Securities & Trading Jan 2015 – Oct 2016 9
Siebel Application GE Capital, USA Lease/Loan Management Jan 2012 – Jan 2015 7
Oracle Lease Management GE Capital, USA Lease/Loan Management Aug 2010 – Dec 2011 8
Reed Elsevier Cell Press Reed Elsevier, world’s leading publisher, USA Publishing Feb 2010 – Jul 2010 4
Reed Elsevier The Lancet Reed Elsevier, world’s leading publisher, USA Publishing Apr 2008 –Jan 2010 3
Reed Elsevier Student Consult Reed Elsevier, world’s leading publisher, USA Publishing Apr 2007 – Mar 2008 5

Projects and Clients – Details

Project/Client: Loan/Lease Management, First Tennessee Bank, USA
Role/Period: Sr. System Analyst –Test Automation (Nov 2017 to May 2018)
Domain: Loan & Lease
Test Tools UFT, ALM, Customized Automation Tool
Overview: Loan/Lease Management program helps to onboard the clients and complete the financing process for different products.
Responsibility: Onsite Automation/QA lead and point of contact for all day to day activities in the project
Working with Business Analyst to finalize the automation requirements.
Automation Framework Design & Maintenance
Writing/Executing Automated Test Scripts using (internal automation tool)
Preparing test data to support UAT for business
Task allocation and coordination with offshore team
Defect reporting and validation
UAT release support at onshore.
Defect Manager for Merger & Acquisitions projects

Project/Client: Loan/Lease Management, BMO Harris Bank, USA
Role/Period: System Analyst –Test Automation (Oct 2016 to Oct 2017)
Domain: Loan & Lease
Test Tools UFT, RTC, ALM, Python, Selenium
Overview: Loan/Lease Management program helps to onboard the clients and complete the financing process for different products.
Responsibility: Onsite Automation/QA lead and point of contact for all day to day activities in the project
Working with Business Analyst to finalize the automation requirements.
Automation Framework Design & Maintenance
Writing/Executing Automated Test Scripts using UFT/Python/Selenium
Writing/Executing Performance Test Scripts
Preparing test data to support UAT for business
Task allocation and coordination with offshore team
Defect reporting and validation
UAT release support at onshore.
Weekly Defect Matrix update via Quality Center tool, Managing day to day activities of project, guiding team members in technical and non-technical domains

Project/Client: Client Onboarding, State Street, USA
Role/Period: QA Lead –Test Automation (Jan 2015 to Oct 2016)
Domain: Securities & Trading
Test Tools UFT, Ranorex, RTC, ALM, Jenkins, Python, Selenium
Overview: OTC application helps to onboard clients for different products.
Responsibility: QA lead and point of contact for all testing activities in the project
Part of Agile team participating in all meetings (Planning, Retro, Standup)
Played role of scrum master.
Following agile principles to meet scrum expectation for each iteration
Validating acceptance criteria to complete the story
Test case designing based on stories
Writing Automated Test Scripts using QTP/Ranorex/Selenium/Python
Executing the tests
Preparing test data to support UAT for business
Task allocation and coordination with offshore team
Defect reporting and validation
UAT release support at onshore.
Weekly Defect Matrix update via Quality Center tool, Managing day to day activities of project, guiding team members in technical and non-technical domains

Project/Client: Siebel Application for Lease and Loan, GE Capital, USA
Role/Period: Sr. Software Engineer (Jan 2012 to Jan 2015)
Domain: Lease Management/ Finance
Test Tools UFT, ALM, Jenkins, Java, Selenium Webdriver, Maven, TestNG
Overview: Siebel Lease and Loan is an internal application based on Siebel and used by client to approve and manage Deals. Siebel interacts with user end application to receive deals.
Responsibility: QA owner and point of contact for all testing activities in the project
Planning of test execution with different stakeholders.
Understanding business requirements
Automation framework design and implementation
Writing Automated Test Scripts using QTP, Java & Selenium Webdriver
Executing the tests
Preparing test data to support UAT for business
Task allocation and coordination with offshore team
Defect reporting and validation
Executing of performance scripts using Load Runner.
UAT release support at onshore.
Sharing Monthly resource utilization reports.
Daily and Weekly Defect Matrix update via Quality Center tool Managing day to day activities of project, guiding team members in technical and non-technical domains

Project/Client: Oracle Lease Management, GE Capital,USA
Role/Period: Sr. Software Engineer (August 2010 to Dec 2011)
Domain: Lease and Loan
Test Tools LoadRunner, ALM, QTP
Overview: Oracle Lease Management is an Oracle based application to manage large deals specially lease.
Responsibility: Requirement Analysis, Test Scenario Review, Test Planning, Test Management, Defect Management
Co-ordination between onsite and offshore testing teams
Creating and Executing automated QTP scripts
Internal project audits
UAT support by creating test data and defect management
Preparing Weekly Status reports for client
Participate in the review meetings/inspections to ensure high quality of deliverables.

Project/Client: Cell Press – Reed Elsevier, USA
Role/Period: Software Engineer (Feb 2010 to Jul 2010)
Domain: Publishing
Test Tools QTP, Quality Center, Load Runner
Overview: Cell Press is one of the world's leading medical journals collections that educates and entertains the journal's readers including students.
Responsibility: Requirement analysis and Estimation Preparation
Functional Test cases writing, reviewing and updating in Quality Center
Performance test scripts creation and execution using load runner
Analysis of performance test results
Defect Logging, Tracking & Analysis through Quality Center
Onsite coordination

Project/Client: The Lancet – Reed Elsevier, USA
Role/Period: Software Engineer (Apr 2008 to Jan 2010)
Domain: Publishing
Test Tools QTP, Quality Center, Load Runner
Overview: Lancet is one of the world's leading medical journals collections that educates and entertains the journal's readers including students & medical practitioners. www.thelancet.com. The Lancet publishes medical news, original research, and reviews on all aspects of clinical medicine and public health.
Responsibility: Requirement analysis and Estimation Preparation
Functional Test cases writing, reviewing and updating in Quality Center
Performance test scripts creation and execution using load runner
Analysis of performance test results
Defect Logging, Tracking & Analysis through Quality Center

Project/Client: The Student Consult – Reed Elsevier, USA
Role/Period: Associate Software Engineer (Sep 2007 – Mar 2008)
Domain: Publishing
Test Tools QTP, Quality Center, Load Runner
Overview: Student Consult is a new online learning platform specifically tailored to meet the information needs of medical and health sciences students. Student Consult offers a robust combined print/ electronic package, which follows the current trend towards problem-based learning in the health sciences.
Responsibility: Requirement analysis.
• Preparation of script flow document.
• Automation Script review.
• Attending QA Meetings.
• QTP Scripting Preparation and execution.
• Interaction with Client.
• Manual testing of stories.
• Interaction with dev team.
• Requirement analysis.
Contact this candidate