FATIMA HABIB
Technology Analyst
Phone: +971-********* (M)
E-mail: ac9goj@r.postjobfree.com

OBJECTIVE
To work in a reputed organization, having competitive ambience, that taps my potential to the fullest thus proving to be a mutually rewarding endeavor.

EXPERIENCE DETAILS
Duration : January 2019 to March 2019
Organization : Infosys limited (Engineering services)
Designation : Technology Analyst

Duration : October 2016 to December 2018
Organization : Infosys limited (Engineering services)
Designation : Senior Systems Engineer

Duration : April 2015 to September 2016
Organization : Infosys limited (Engineering services)
Designation : Systems Engineer

Duration : October 2014 to March 2015
Organization : Infosys limited
Designation : Systems Engineer Trainee

CAREER SNAPSHOT

A highly motivated individual with a holistic approach, an aptitude for application management, business development and consultancy and an appetite to learn something new every day, along with an ability to show efficient results, having experience and vital skill sets in:

- Automation Testing - Manual Testing - Application Management and support
- Functional Testing - SAFe Methodology

Worked in the field of Functional Testing and Automation testing using Selenium.
Previously worked as a Manual Tester in Waterfall Methodology.
Part of team for successful transition from Waterfall Methodology to Scaled Agile Framework.
Worked for application support of over 450 COTS applications.
Prior to joining Infosys, Pune as a Systems Engineer, have undergone the Infosys training program in Mysore.
Undergone certification course on "Software Testing" conducted by Global Talent Track, Pune.

TECHNICAL SKILL SET

Automation Tools : Selenium, Cucumber, Sikulix, Appium, AutoIT
Tools/IDE : Aras Innovator, Eclipse, HPQC, MATLAB, JIRA, NetBeans, Maven, REST, SOAP
Languages : C, C++, JAVA, Python, JavaScript, HTML, PERL
Database : MySQL, SQL Server, MongoDB
DevOps : Jenkins
Version Control : SVN, Git Repository
Reports : Microsoft Excel
OS : Windows, Linux

PROJECT DETAILS - ON JOB

Projects Handled

Account : Airbus Operations
Technology : Selenium, Aras Innovator, COTS
Duration : August 2017-March 2019 Team Size: 5
Synopsis : Airbus is the largest OEM for commercial Aircrafts in the world. Infosys is mainly responsible for the L3 support and maintenance of various signaling applications of Airbus aircrafts.
I was a part of the DMU SAFe train and worked with a team that was developing an ARAS based application that managed the lifecycle of Design defects in the Aircrafts, from Detection to Resolution. Based on the User stories, I was responsible for writing the Test cases covering every failure possibility, executing them and simultaneously developing a Selenium script using BDD framework to run them as a part of Non-Regression tests.
I, in addition to that, was working on a possibility to run the tests as a part of CI/CD pipeline using Jenkins.
Simultaneously, I was a part of the team that managed over 450 COTS applications. The responsibilities primarily included process management and User management. I was responsible for the lifecycle management of application packaging process and incidents. Additionally, I was managing user requests for Application accesses.
Also, I was involved in testing a JAVA based desktop application which managed the Cabin and Cargo specifications based on different customers of Airbus. My responsibilities mainly included creating automation scripts using Sikulix.
Achievements : Certificates of appreciation for Customer delight for standout performance in the Project.
Have received various e-mails of appreciation from client for quality and timeliness, and for coming up with productive ideas that eventually makes the application more user friendly.

Account : Airbus Operations
Technology : Selenium, JAVA
Duration : March 2017 – July 2017 Team Size: 5
Synopsis : I was involved in the automation testing for a JAVA based application. The application was used for tracking Airbus’s incident management tool. My responsibility was to design automation framework in Selenium WebDriver which calculated the total time taken to open the incident management tool and the number of incidents received in a given time, the output of which was displayed on the application using Web Service.
Achievements : Client appreciations for strict adherence to the timeline of delivery.

Account : Airbus Operations
Technology : Selenium, Aras Innovator, PHP
Duration : April 2015-February 2017 Team Size: 4
Synopsis :
I was involved in the manual and automation testing for the aircraft signaling applications that were developed using PHP. The Airbus applications for signaling were mainly used by EU users from all NATCOs (FR, DE, SP, UK) and from India and USA. The applications were under Waterfall methodology and my responsibilities included Creation, Execution and automation of all the functional specifications using Selenium and tracking and reporting the defects using HPQC.
In addition, I was also involved in testing and Application management of another Aras based application which managed the Modifications in subsequent Aircrafts of specific Aircraft program. This too was under Waterfall methodology and I was responsible for the creation and execution and of all the functional tests, defect reporting and tracking using MANTIS to make sure all the customer specifications were addressed.
Simultaneously, I was involved in testing of another ARAS based Weight Management Application which generated weight of the various aircraft parts using MSN and was under Waterfall methodology. My responsibilities included Creation, Execution of tests for functional specifications, defect reporting and tracking using MANTIS.
Achievements : Certificate of appreciation and various commendations from the client for understanding end user needs and challenging application specifications on multiple occasions to make the application more Reasonable.

CERTIFICATIONS

ISTQB CERTIFIED
Issuer: INTERNATIONAL SOFTWARE TETSING QUALIFICATIONS BOARD

ACADEMIC QUALIFICATION

DEGREE
INSTITUTION
BOARD/UNIVERSITY
YEAR
PERCENTAGE
B.Tech (Computer Science)
TECHNO INDIA NJR
RAJASTHAN TECHNICAL UNIVERSITY
2010-2014
75%
SSC
St. Mary’s, Udaipur
C.B.S.E.
2009-2010
74%
HSC
St. Mary’s, Udaipur
C.B.S.E.
2007-2008
82%

SOFT SKILLS AND HOBBIES
Leadership
Writing and analysis
Communication and creativity
Hobbies: Music, Reading, Traveling.

WEB PRESENCE
LinkedIn Profile : http://www.linkedin.com/pub/fatima-habib/57/189/b4b

I hereby declare that all information given above is correct to the best of my knowledge and I bear the responsibility for the correctness of the above mentioned particulars.
– FATIMA HABIB
Contact this candidate