Sanjana
Software Test Automation Engineer
Email: ac9ia5@r.postjobfree.com
Ph #: 669-***-****

Professional Summary:
QA Automation Engineer with 6 years of experience in developing Test cases, Test Scripts using Selenium Web Driver for Web based applications, with utmost quality in deliverables, offering significant cost savings and end-customer satisfaction.
Extended expertise in QA in Manual and Automated Software Testing using Selenium WebDriver, TestNG, Jenkins, Maven, SOAP UI, REST API, Postman, Cucumber, Quality Center, Software Quality Assurance Testing.
Strong knowledge of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) as well as Software Testing Life Cycle (STLC) and the Role of QA in different testing methodologies like Agile (SCRUM), TDD, and Waterfall etc.
Hands on experience in Java programming.
Experience in writing Test Scripts using TestNG which involves in-depth understanding of OOPS and HTML Knowledge.
Expertise in performing Black Box Testing, functional testing, Usability Testing, System Testing, Regression Testing, System Integrating Testing (SIT) and User Acceptance Testing (UAT).
Experience in Using Jenkins, Maven for the Continuous Integration for Regression testing of the builds.
Hands on Experience on testing web services (SOAP, REST) using SOAP UI Tools.
Expertise in debugging issues occurred in front end part of web-based application which is developed using HTML5, CSS3, Angular JS, Ajax and Java.
Expertise in using Tools HP Quality Center/ALM, JIRA.
Experience in using Jenkins as a Continuous Integration server to configure with GitHub and Maven.
Excellent experience with source version control tool such as Subversion Git.
Exposure in programming languages and script like Java, JavaScript, HTML.
Expertise in setting up and carrying out browser compatibility testing environment with different browsers and versions of Internet Explorer, Mozilla Firefox, Google chrome on different OS like windows.
Experience in Software testing and quality assurance of web-based and mobile applications.
Excellent understanding of Software Development Life Cycle Methodologies (Waterfall and Agile).
Familiar with a variety of testing concepts, practices, and procedures.
Experience with developing comprehensive QA documentation (Test Cases, Test Plans, Test Matrix) based on the analysis of business requirements and technical specifications.
Good knowledge of RDBMS, write SQL queries to validate test results.
Ability to deal effectively with multiple tasks, assignments and stressful situations.
Strong analytical skill, attention to detail and excellent problem solving/troubleshooting skills.
Quick starter, Self-learner and a good team player.

Skills Summary:
Automation Testing
TestNG and Apache POI
Core Java, Python
Eclipse, IntelliJ
Windows, Linux

Selenium WebDriver/IDE/GRID
Soap UI, REST API, Postman
JIRA
HP Load Runner
Jenkins

HP-ALM/Quality Center, JIRA
SDLC Knowledge
Agile Methodology
GIT, SVN
Maven

Professional Experience:

Client: R P Ryan Insurance, Phoenix, AZ Apr 2019 – Till Date
Role: QA Automation Engineer
Responsibilities:
Conducting walkthroughs with business analyst to understand the requirements.
Closely coordinating with the system analysts and business domain owners to understand the test requirements that may help in designing better automation framework
Worked with manual testing and automated test cases of different application on Windows Environment.
Involved in development of test plans, test cases, test scenarios to facilitate the process of testing.
Responsible for creating test plans for enhancements.
Prepared detailed test scripts as per the BRD and FSD.
Performed tests based on Agile Environment.
Developed modular & robust automation framework using Selenium WebDriver, Cucumber, TestNG and Java.
Created automation framework in Selenium WebDriver using behavior driven approach like Cucumber.
Responsible for creating customize test scripts in java in TestNG format.
Conducting defect prioritization and defect triage meetings with stakeholders.
Interfacing with other groups like Configuration Management team and Database team to test all features of the application in the perspective of End-to-End.
Maintaining all manual test scripts and other artifacts like test data, test results and defect reports using JIRA.
Designing automation test suites for regression testing using knowledge of java programming language and Selenium WebDriver.
Involved in development of data-driven framework using Selenium WebDriver.
Use Jenkins and GitHub for Continues integration to run smoke and regression test cases.
Implemented Automated execution of tests (nightly and need based) using Maven and Jenkins.
Implement BDD (Behavior Driven Development) Testing with Cucumber-JVM and Selenium WebDriver to ensure the code reusability and code maintainability and cut down the script development time in half.
Integrated our automation executions with our CI process (Jenkins) so our scripts are executed each time a build is kicked off.
Tested request and response XML's based web services interfaces using SOAP UI.
Performed Web Services Testing and XML validation by creating test case suite using SOAP UI.
Used SQL queries to cross check the front-end data with back end tables.
Validated SOAP responses by using Assertions like schema compliance, contains, SOAP fault etc.
Performed functional and load testing using SOAPUI.
Prepared and participated in weekly status meetings, conducted walkthroughs.
Performed Database testing using SQL queries.
Responsible for customized CRM application based on the business requirements.
Used Selenium GRID to execute test cases in parallel on different target machines.
Validating business reports and worked with business analysts.
Conducting and performing Functional, UAT and Regression testing.
Worked on design patterns like page objects and CSS location selectors.
Performing Production validation as the code is moved from UAT to Production environment.
Regularly communicated with project managers, development managers, release managers and developers to ensure comprehensive test planning and execution.
Environment: Java, Selenium WebDriver, TestNG, SOAPUI, Eclipse, Maven, Cucumber, SOA, Soap UI, Agile methodology (Scrum), Jenkins, Jira, SQL, GitHub, Linux, Windows.

INFYC Software Solutions, Hyderabad, India Dec 2014 – Dec 2018
Software Test Engineer
Project #1:
Client: Cross River Bank
Responsibilities:
Developed test scenarios from functional user stories.
Prepare the Test Scenarios and Test Cases.
Identify the test data.
Execute the test cases on SIT environment.
Designed, executed and maintained Selenium Web Driver (TestNG) automated test cases for regression test cases.
Design and develop the test automation scripts from the scratch using Selenium Web driver.
Design and develop the reusable components which can be used across projects/ work streams.
Automated scripts execution on each build to find the regression defects.
Test the application in iOS and Android devices.
Worked Web Services testing using Rest and SOAP UI.
Used Git as code repository and Code Collaborator to manage code reviews.
Test automation for web application using Cucumber.
Testing the Application on Various devices: Native Applications, Application on Mobile Browsers, Hybrid Applications.
Installed and tested mobile product functionality and features.
Used XPath and DOM to work with dynamic and static objects in Selenium.
Identifying and preparing test data for manual and mobile testing.
Functional and regression testing on mobile App testing.
Conducted compatibility testing for android devices for software functionality.
Work on the end to end test scenarios in UAT environment.
Prepared and execute the end to end test cases.
Performed cross-browser testing to check application works on different browsers and versions
Used HP ALM for Sprint story planning, progress and defect tracking
Prepare test summary reports and documented all failed cases
Participate in Defect triage calls, daily standup calls, and Agile-Scrum meetings.
Environment: Selenium WebDriver, JIRA, TestNG, HTML, Internet Explorer, Google Chrome, Safari, Mozilla Firefox, Windows, Java, JavaScript, XML, Git, MS EXCEL, SQL, HP ALM, Maven, Eclipse, TestNG, Firebug, XPath.

Project #2:
Client: Homegoods
Responsibilities:
Worked in a fast paced Agile Scrum team environment.
Interacted with onsite and offshore Agile team, define the schedule and timelines as per client schedule.
Developed automation test scripts using TestNG framework and Selenium WebDriver.
Involved in creating and executing test cases for different browsers on various versions of IE, Firefox, Safari and Google Chrome using Add-On like Firebug using Selenium WebDriver.
Responsible for creating automation framework using POM- Page Object Model, and Data Driven to test web application. Thorough understanding of POM using Page Factory.
Performed Regression testing for new build and every modification in the application using Selenium web driver in eclipse.
Involved in preparing test cases using Selenium Web driver to validate all UI components, Pop-ups, Browser navigations, Mouse Movements.
Used Maven to create taste suite and creating technical and managerial reports.
Worked with automated API testing and Soup UI testing.
Developed Selenium scripts in TestNG for parameterization using Data Provider annotation.
Used web-debugging tools like XPath, Firebug and Firepath to locate elements.
Developed tests using Cucumber by writing behaviors and step definitions. Developed required Selenium support code in JAVA for Cucumber.
Configuring the Git repository and maintain the version control using Git.
Performed web services testing with SOAP UI by validating request and response for XML, JSon files.
Integrated Automation scripts (Selenium WebDriver API) in Continuous Integration tools (Jenkins) for nightly batch run of the Script.
Performed Functional, Regression, and End-End testing.
Report deviations from written business requirements and general quality standards (JIRA).
Environment: Java, SoapUI, Soap, Rest, XML, Selenium WebDriver, TestNG, Jenkins, Maven, Git, Cucumber, Jira, Page Object Model, Data Driven, IE, Firefox, Safari, Google Chrome, Agile (Scrum).

Lintel Technologies, Hyderabad, India Jun 2012 – Nov 2014
Role: QA Test Engineer
Responsibilities:
Developed manual and automated test cases to test the functionality of the application.
Worked on System Test Plan Preparation, Requirements Streamlining and Traceability Matrix in ALM.
Developed and executed test cases for integration, system and regression testing throughout the software development life cycle.
Performed Functional testing and Published test summary reports.
Participated in writing Test Plan, Test strategy & Test Scenarios based on software documentation from business, technical and functional requirements.
Tracked, Reviewed, Analyzed and Compared defects using Quality Center.
Participated in Test Case review and Test case sign off meetings.
Tested in Development, Staging and Production Environments.
Environment: Manual Testing, SQL, Java, Quality Center.
Contact this candidate