KHRYSTAL T. SAN DIEGO
Contact No: (+**) **** ****
Email Address: ac9lv9@r.postjobfree.com
Address: Blk 618 Hougang Avenue 8 #04-338 Singapore 530618 PROFESSIONAL PROFILE
A Test Analyst with almost 4 years of software testing experience. I have a solid project experience working in an Agile - Scrum environment and various Industries with multiple tools and technologies.

Knowledgeable in software testing lifecycle, including designing, developing, and implementing test plans, test cases and test processes either Manual or Automation. Well-experienced in Desktop, Web, and SAP Application Testing.

With extensive training on Quality Assurance based on ISTQB, Adaptive to new technologies and processes and has an intense desire for learning.
TECHNICAL SKILLS
QA: Automation & Manual Testing, Create Test Documents (Test Plan, RTM, Test Scenarios, and Test Cases) TESTING TOOLS: HP UFT, Selenium, Worksoft Certify, SoapUI, HP ALM, JIRA, HP LoadRunner LANGUAGES: C#, Visual Basic, Java, MySQL, HTML, CSS OTHERS: SAP, SQL, PeopleSoft, Oracle Service Cloud, Microsoft Windows 10, Microsoft Office 365 PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Test Analyst / Automation Engineer, DXC.Technology (formerly Hewlett-Packard Enterprise) – (May 2016–April 2018) Summary of Responsibilities:
Responsible for planning, creation, and execution of Automation Test Scripts on Web Applications and SAP
Business Transactions (MM,SD,and FICO) using Selenium, HP UFT, and Worksoft Certify.
Performing different testing types on multiple projects such as Functional Testing, UAT, Exploratory, Regression, Cross Browser, etc.

Responsible for creating of Test Documentations such as Test Plans, Test Scenarios, Test Cases, Test Scripts,
and Use Cases to ensure that software meets user requirements and functional documentations.
Analyzes test requirements for test planning and design.
Provides test estimates and defines timeline for deliverables
Performs manual test case creation and manual test execution
Creates/prepares and execute SQL scripts for setting up and verifying data for testing.
Lead a group of people for the maintenance of the automation script in preparation for the regression testing

Identify defects accurately, Coordinates with the project manager/developers for updates and
issue discussion and resolution
In charge of the overall Test management of projects using HP ALM
Provides daily status report and tracker to stakeholders/counterparts

Managing Client/Customer tasks such as providing Customer Support to the end-users, dealing with Clients to gather requirements and feedbacks from the and end-users and echoing it back to the team. Test Analyst/Technical Specialist II (Testing/Application Support), Factset Philippines Inc. - (September 2014 – May 2016) Summary of Responsibilities:
Assist in preparation of Test Plans and Test Cases, plan and execute on all levels of testing for new processes and functionality.
Adhere to strict guidelines in understanding and following established Test Plans and Reporting mechanisms to ensure relevant and accurate feedback is documented and communicated when executing on Acceptance and Regression Testing.

Provide first line support to Operational Staff and identify issues requiring resolution. Log, track incident records and execute IT service requests until resolution, including coordination & communication/escalation to relevant support parties.
Perform hardware/software installation, functional check and compatibilities validation and review. ACHIEVEMENT:
Have been promoted from Technical Specialist I to Technical Specialist II in just one year of working as a tester.

TEMPORARY WORK
SAP CRM Support, Lion NZ Limited – (March 2019 – April 2019) Summary of Responsibilities:
Provide support using the SAP (CRM) system to the team, sales executives and customers by dealing with all the enquiries and resolving issues/complaints as appropriate through own response or escalation to relevant manager.
Responsible in processing of stock returns, take and initiate the process for client queries or complaints. Academic Admin Support, University of Auckland – (August 2018 – November 2018) Summary of Responsibilities:
Provide support to the Records, Enrolment and Fees staff through assigning incidents in Client Relationship Management database (Oracle Service Cloud) to the team members, updating statistical spreadsheets to track progress of work and transactional volumes for various processes, running basic systems processes.

Run basic transaction processes such as invoice generation, insurance charging, program discontinuation and other ad-hoc processes.
Assessment Support (Enrolment Processing), Unitec Institute of Technology – (June 2018–August 2018) Summary of Responsibilities:
In-charge of providing administrative support to the Student Enrolment Managers such as following up applicants and their outstanding tasks and documents still to be provided, verifying evidence task, scheduling interviews, and helping clear general enquiries. Calling applicants to book in interviews or skill review test and accept offers.
IT TRAINING
NOVAED IT TRAINING SERVICES
Software Quality Assurance Analyst Trainee – Completed SQA training covering the following: the fundamentals of QA, the fundamental software test process (test plan creation, test case design and creation, test execution, test reporting and closure), defect management, different QA techniques, different
types of testing, automation with UFT.
+ PROJECTS: Mercury Tours Testing, National Collections System (Codeflux)

Java Developer Trainee - Completed a comprehensive program specifically on Java development covering the following: Java, JSP, Servlets, JavaScript, JQuery, Struts, SQL 2008. EDUCATION
POLYTECHNIC UNIVERSITY OF THE PHILIPPINES – (June 2009 – May 2014) – Manila, Philippines
+ Bachelor of Science in Computer Engineering
+ Dean's Lister / Simplicio Gamboa Sr. Foundation Scholar CHARACTER REFERENCE
Available upon request.
Contact this candidate