Ganganarsaiah Muniganti
E-mail : acsybt@r.postjobfree.com
Contact No : +91-955*******

Professional Experience:

Having 2+ years experience in Manual and Automation Testing.
Currently working as a Software Test Engineer in Cloud Space Technology Private Ltd., Hyderabad from November 2014 to till date.

Experience Summary:

Well acquainted with Software Testing Life Cycle (STLC) and Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC).
Exclusively performed various types of testing like Smoke, Functional, Regression and Compatibility Testing.
Good experience in writing Test case document.
Proficient in maintaining and executing test cases for different Black box testing methodologies.
Having Experience in Testing Web Applications.
Having experience in using TestNG frame work, TestNG Annotations.
Involved in test cases review activities.
Detecting defects and classifying them based on priority.
Coordinating with development team for issues and resolution of defects.
Participating in regular and weekly project status meeting with team members.
Strong commitment & dedication towards work.
Detecting defects and classifying them based on Severity and Priority.
Good Knowledge in implementing Automation Frameworks.
Experience in Data Driven Testing by using Apache POI.
Good Knowledge on Database Testing
Good Exposure on CORE JAVA with OOPS Concepts.

Academics:

B.Tech (Electronics and Communication Engineering) from Sri Chaithanya College of Engineering &Technology, Hyderabad (2009–2013) with aggregate 64%.
Intermediate (MPC) from Masters Junior College, Karimnagar(2009) with 73%.
SSC from APRS BC(Boys), Nagarjuna sagar (2007) with 87%.

Certifications:
Scrum Fundamentals Certified(SFC).
Technical Skills:

Programming languages : Core Java, C.
IDE : Eclipse.
Automation Tools : Selenium Web Driver, Selenium IDE.
Bug Tracking Tools : Bugzilla
Operating Systems : Windows & Linux.

Projects:

Project:1

Title : ICLIQ
Url : http://www.icliq.in/
Technologies : ASP.NET, C#.NET
Team Size : 6
Client : ICLIQ(Bhopal (M.P.)
Role : Test Engineer

Description:
ICLIQ is a complete customer service project .This is a first of its kind portal and mobile application providing day to day services to customer with just click of a button. They are committed to provide you excellent services with time bound delivery of service. They shall be including many more services in future.
Responsibilities:
Understanding the product specification documents.
Developed test cases and test scripts for various scenarios.
Coordinating with the testing and development teams to ensure the quality software.
Involving in software Re testing, and Regression testing.
Prepared bugs report required for the application.
Involving in Investigating and Analyzing test results.
Project: 2

Title : Sangam Milk Dairy
Operating System : Windows XP
Team Size : 05
Role : Tester

Description:
Sangam dairy is a milk producer’s co-operative union originally for Guntur District and subsequently extended to Prakasam district. The popular adage ‘Nothing Succeeds like successes, is applicable to the dairy development in India. The milk producers of Krishna, Guntur and Godavari districts have generously contributed and donated one day milk value and purchased 34.46 acres land at the cost of Rs.1.2 lakhs for the construction of Dairy.
Responsibilities:

Preparation of Test Scenarios for functionality.
Understanding the business functionality of the system.
Preparing the test scenarios and test cases based on the business requirements.
Involved in Functional Testing, Regression Testing, UI Testing, System Testing for Windows, IOS plat-forms.
Involved in creating and modifying the test cases as per the enhancements.
Preparation of the Test execution summary sheet and daily, weekly status report.

Strengths and Achievements:

Ability to work in different environments.
Positive Attitude, Enthusiastic in personal and Teamwork.
Awarded first prize in engineering at National Level Technical Competition.
Quick adaptation to new ideas and methodology.

Personal Profile:

Father’s Name : M.Raj Kumar.
Date of Birth : 20th june,1991.
Languages known : English, Hindi and Telugu.
Marital Status : Single.

Date:

Place: Hyderabad. (Ganganarsaiah.M)
Contact this candidate