HARI BABU K
469-***-****
acxyuz@r.postjobfree.com

Professional Summary
10+ years of diversified Software quality assurance and testing experience in client/server and web based applications.
Extensive experience in Selenium Webdriver, Java, Maven, Page object model, Cucumber and TestNG Framework.
Strong experience in developing Selenium Webdriver scripts in Java.
Has good experience over functional tools like Selenium Webdriver, QTP, Win Runner, Test Complete & test management tools like Quality Center/ALM and JIRA.
Good knowledge on Jenkins & Maven.
Experienced in manual testing with focus on Functional Testing, Stress Testing, Regression Testing, Smoke Testing and System Testing.
Good Experience in payment domain & good working experience in testing POS applications in VeriFone and Hypercom POS terminals.
Strong experience in Manual, external webservices and Automation testing.
Development & maintenance of automated scripts to perform Functional and Regression Testing using Selenium Webdriver.
Continuous maintenance of Selenium webdriver smoke test scripts if there are failures in the Jenkins when new builds are pushed to QA & Prod environments.
Used Quality Center/ALM as repository for requirement analysis, designing test cases, Execute test cases, Bug tracking and reporting.
Involved in Requirement Analysis, preparation of Test Plan, use cases, test scenarios. Design & execution of test cases.
Solid experience with Selenium WebDriver to create cross-browser testing using Chrome, Firefox, IE.
Have good unit testing experience with JUnit and TestNG.
Used Quality Center as repository for requirement analysis, designing test cases, Execute test cases, Bug tracking and reporting.
Good knowledge on SDLC & STLC.
Has working experience on performance test tools like Neo Load and LoadUIWeb.
Has good experience in design patterns Page Object Model and page factory.
Experience in working on Agile, V-model and Waterfall testing methodologies.
Has experience in application deployments in Unix environment.

Technical Skills
Area Tools and Technologies
Operating System Windows, Unix
Languages JAVA
Database Oracle, SQL Server, My SQL
Test Management/Bug Tracking Bugzilla, JIRA, Redmine, Quality Center, TFS, Test Link
Tools
Web server JBoss, Tomcat
SCM tools Harvest, VSS, CVS, SVN, Git
Scripting languages VB Script, Java Script
Testing Tools Selenium Webdriver, QTP, Quality Center, Neo Load, Test Complete, LoadUIWeb, SoapUI.

Experience summary:
1. Phoenix - FERC
Company/Duration: Nextera Energy Inc, North Palm Beach, Florida Jan 2016 to Till Date
IT Programmer Analyst
Description: FERC is an enterprise wide application which will be used for NextEra entities. Everyone who is responsible for filing Energy Quarterly Reports will use this new tool. Ferc majorly contains Security - to set Security and access levels for Ferc Filers, EQR Filer - to input entity information for entities who file Ferc quarterly reports, EQR Contract- to enter contract
information for all contracts that fall under Ferc reporting regulations, EQR Transaction-to uploadFerc Quarterly data from Excel Spreadsheets. Used to review and resolve errors prior to submitting data to Ferc.
Roles/Responsibilities:
Developing Webdriver scripts in Java for all the new stories in each Sprint
Maintenance of automated scripts to perform Functional and Regression Testing using Selenium Webdriver
Fixing the Selenium webdriver test scripts or logging the bugs in JIRA if there are failures in the Jenkins when new builds are pushed to QA & Prod environments.
Continuous maintenance of existing JScripts in Test Complete.
Enhancing the existing Jscripts for consistent results in Test Complete.
Developing Jscripts in TestComplete 11 for new features.
Developed Cucumber framework for the web version of Ferc.
Migrating all the existing automation Projects from SVN to Git.

Technologies: JavaSwing, Selenium webdriver, Java, Jscript, Cucumber, JIRA, TestComplete 11

2. Quisk
Company/Duration: Quisk Inc, SunnyVale, CA Sep2013 – May 2015
Senior QA Engineer
Description:
Quisk offers cloud-based stored value accounts that enable a range of cashless transactions and sales promotions through seamless integration with existing Point of Sale (POS) technology. Using simple text messaging protocols, Quisk reduces check-out time in addition to enabling Person-to-Person (p2p) payments and gift exchange. Consumers with a mobile phone or a browser can intuitively use and manage their no-fee Quisk account. Quisk offers merchants a powerful, paperless, card-less merchandizing tool to offer coupons, loyalty rewards, gift cards and online ordering.
Quisk is a California (USA) based global mobile payments technology Company and a leading provider of mobile marketing and payments solutions for banks and merchants. The company’s advanced and patent pending technology allows consumers to pay for merchandise using mobile number – it does not require a customer to have cash, a card or even a mobile phone in their possession to be used. Payments are made using a memorized mobile phone number, without the need for a phone at all. Quisk is the Solution not tied to mobile network or phone.
Roles/Responsibilities:
Understanding, analyzing the requirements and preparing use cases
Devloping & Executing Selenium Webdriver scripts.
Review of test cases in all test phases.
Training new members on domain & project
Performed Automation Testing, Smoke Testing and Regression testing on each build using Java, Junit and Selenium by developing automated test cases.
Used Test Link as repository for requirement analysis, designing test cases, Execute test cases, Bug tracking and reporting.
Communicating with the client for queries and discrepancies in the requirement or design.
Performing functionality, regression, usability, database etc testing
Performed Load testing using Neo Load & LoadUIweb tools
Worked on testing different processes like Sms processing, External web services, POS terminals and Payment Gateway.
Reported and tracked the bugs to closure using JIRA.
Testing xml requests, client apps through bloggers.
Testing POS transactions, verifying message packets etc
Technologies: Java, Unix, Spring, Hibernate, TestNG, Oracle 10g Database, Jsp, HTML, JSON, Bugzilla, Neo Load, Selenium webdriver, JIRA, Test Link.

3. VMS (Value Added Services Management System)
Company/Duration: Tarang Software Technologies/Bangalore-India Jun 2012 –Sep 2013
Sr. QA Engineer

Description: The scope of this product is to create a standalone portal for merchants to manage different value added contents of coupons, offers, deals etc. on the “end-user” wallet and user management module within VMS portal to support creation of merchant a/c’s with permission rights that can restrict access of data managed by different merchant entity. The VMS can either get deployed independently or integrated with other vertical products like MNO, Retail or Bank within C-SAM to offer VMS functionality.
Roles/Responsibilities:
Team management, task assignment, guiding, reviewing and monitoring.
Preparation of Test Plan, Review of test cases etc.
Performed Manual Testing and developed Automated Scripts using Selenium.
Prepare software test plan & test cases for features and executes manual and Selenium Automation Tests using Automation testing/ framework
Communicating with the client for queries and discrepancies in the requirement or design.
Testing VMS Services using Rest Client.
Created and executed the test scripts with Java/TestNG.
Did Web performance testing through LoadUIWeb.

Technologies: HTML. CSS, Jquery, JS, JSP,Java-1.6, Spring-MVC,JSON,Selenium, TestNG, Tomcat,MySQL.

4. MOBIQUITY – Western Union
Company/Duration: Tarang Software Technologies Feb 2010 – Nov 2011
Senior QA Engineer

Description: IMT (International Money Transfer) services, a new financial services that allows instant payments from one customer to another customers using phone. An agent on-board, a customer, for whom mobile application is installed on his phone. Different entities involved in the system are Western Union, Channel operators Agents & consumers. Different types of consumers that can get registered are Easy Pay, Easy Send, and Easy Receive.
Transactions supported by the system are Send Money, Receive Money, Cash In, Cash Out, Prepaid Top up and Pickup money (Agent or Customer) initiated.
Roles/Responsibilities:
Involved in understanding the application.
Interaction with Onsite colleagues.
Involvement in Conference calls regarding requirement gathering and regarding product status.
Prepared test plan document.
Designed Test cases and Scenarios from the Product Requirement Document (PRD).
Conducted Functional, Regression, database and System Testing for various Modules.
Reporting and tracking the bugs.
Prepared release Summary Reports/Status Reports.

Technologies: Java5.0, JSP, Servlets, JMS, JavaScript, Tomcat, Web logic, Oracle10g

5. SerViewCom
Company/Duration: Tarang Software Technologies Jan 2009 – Jun 2009
QA Engineer

Description: SerViewCom is a product from Trilliant Networks. It is one of the systems in the SerView Center suite of software used by utilities to access data generated through smart metering communication. It is designed to provide key functionality around installation and basic operation, including data acquisition, device management, multi-network management, and device reprogramming. Tested SerViewCom Enhancements like File Completion Indicator, MeshGate Communication Identifier, Firmware report enhancements, Meter Hourly Display, Super Groups etc.
Responsibilities:
Performed Manual Testing and developed Automated Scripts in QTP.
Prepare software test plan & test cases for features and executes manual and Automation Tests using Automation testing/ framework
Involved in manual testing.
Requirement Analysis
Used Quality Center as repository for requirement analysis, designing test cases, Execute test cases, Bug tracking and reporting.
Prepared & Executed Test cases.
Mostly involved in Functionality & Regression Testing.
Bug Reporting

Technologies: Java Technologies, Oracle, Bugzilla, QTP.

6. ProCare, SerViewCom & MFUT
Company/Duration: Tarang Software Technologies Pvt Ltd Nov 2007 – Dec 2008
QA Engineer

Description: ProCare is a full-service mobile tool for the Operation and Maintenance (O&M) of Trilliant Network enabled mesh networks. It allows a service technician to use either a laptop or tablet PC to browse for available devices like Mesh Readers, Mesh Gates and Mesh Repeaters in the field. Procare also enables the technicians to delve the devices, upgrade the firmware, adjust clock, Force Association, Force Report, Range Test and execute the procedures NetworkName change, IP change, Reset Reports etc.
SerViewCom allows for two-way communication with its automatic meter reading (AMR) meters. It also has the ability to acquire and manage data from any meter (electric, gas, or water), from any customer class (residential, commercial, and industrial) over any network.
MFUT There are many devices with different firmware versions spread out in the field. There is need for a tool that does mass firmware upgrade - that is firmware upgrade of a large number of devices. The firmware upgrade needs to be MG (Mesh Gate) centric, in the sense it needs to use Mesh Gate to upgrade all connected meters.

Roles/Responsibilities:
Involved in Manual (For MFUT) & Automated (ProCare, SerViewCom) testing.
Created Mercury QTP test scripts for Smoke testing and Regression testing
Created checkpoints & parameterized the tests to check the application with multiple sets of data. Wrote user-defined functions in QTP.
Generated Test Scripts by using QTP and programming in VBScript.
Used Quality Center/ALM as repository for requirement analysis, designing test cases, Execute test cases, Bug tracking and reporting.
Developed automation framework which can be used across projects.

Technologies: Java Technologies, Oracle, Bugzilla, QTP.

7. Network based Traffic Redirection
Company/Duration: Melstar Information Technologies Pvt Ltd, Pune, India Jan 2006 – June 2007
Test Engineer

Description: The Roamware SDS Administrator Studio enables users of NTR to configure, and manage NTR related parameters for operations. The Roamware SDS Administrator Studio enables you to manage the administration of all Roamware SDS products from a single interface window. This allows system administrators to use a familiar user interface experience across products and shortens the learning curve. Some of the administrative modules that are available for NTR are Class of Services (CoS) Management, Zone management, Country management, Network Management etc.
Roles/Responsibilities:
Involved in manual & automated testing.
Created Mercury QTP test scripts for all three testing stages such as Functional testing, Integration testing, and Regression testing
Conducted Data Driven testing with different sets of data using QTP data driver wizard. Generated Test Scripts by using QTP and programming in VBScript

Technologies: Java Technologies, QTP

8. AllFusion Harvest Change Manager
Company/Duration: IBM through Melstar Information Technologies Pvt Ltd, Pune, India. Oct 2005 – Dec 2006
Test Engineer

Description: Today’s development teams build large, distributed application systems. They work from heterogeneous platforms at remote locations and make simultaneous changes to several interrelated components of software and systems documentation. The only way to effectively track this complex, enterprise-wide development activity is with a comprehensive, repository-based change and configuration management (CCM) solution. Harvest helps you synchronize development team activities on heterogeneous platforms, across your enterprise and throughout the entire application development life cycle.
Roles/Responsibilities:
Analyzed, documented and tested the functionality changes b/n Harvest 5.2.1 & Harvest 7.1 Patch1.
Executed Manual test cases by using positive and negative data inputs and automated those manual test cases using QTP.
Performed regression testing for modifications and enhancements made in the application using QTP.

Technologies: .Net Technologies, web technologies, Harvest, QTP, Test Director, DB2

Qualification:
Bachelor of Technology from JNTU, Hyderabad, passed out in 2001, June.
Contact this candidate