Noor U Haque
Cell Phone: 347-***-****
**** ****** **, ******* ****, Baltimore, MD 21244
E-mail: acy9z3@r.postjobfree.com
Status: US CITIZEN

Objective:
Over 13 plus years of extensive hands on experience in diversified fields of the Software Development Life Cycle, specialized in Quality Assurance Process, Verification and Validation, Software Implementation and Testing of web and client/server application on Unix/Windows environment and able to perform both Performance and automation testing, seeking a challenging career as Senior QA Tester/Automation Test Engineer/Performance Engineer.

Expertise:

Excellent experience in the areas of Software Testing, Quality Assurance Analysis and Busines Analysis with expert level skills in strategic areas of Functional and Non-Functional testing, System Integration Testing and Regression Testing having executed on both Client/Server and Web applications using Java, J2EE and .net Application.
Strong knowledge of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) as well as Testing Methodologies.
Strong experience in ERP, Banking, Financial, Insurance and E-commerce Domains.
Expertise in performance and Load Testing using HP Performance center, LoadRunner, JMeter and Neoload.
Experience in monitoring servers using APM tools like SiteScope, Dynatrace, Fiddler and CA Wily Interscope.
Expertise in Automating Web Applications Testing using Selenium WebDriver, Selenium Grid with Junit and TestNG framework on Eclipse IDE.
Experience in Cucumber for Behavior Driven Development (BDD) using Gherkin and integrated with Selenium.
Good experience in Java programming and Java Scripting with handling web applications using Xpath element locators, webdriver methods in Selenium.
Good experience in Agile DevOps with Continious Integration(CI) using Jenkins, Bamboo, GitHub and Maven.
Experience in Configuration Management process and Version Control such as Subversion(SVN), CSV and Git.
Expertise in VB Scripting and Descriptive programming using QTP/UFT for Functional and Regression Testing.
Good experience in Service-oriented architecture (SOA) for API web service testing using SoapUI and SOATest.
Working knowledge on web technologies like SOAP, REST, XML, HTTP, CSS, JSON, WADL, WSDL, UDDI and RESTful.
Strong skills in Backend Database Testing using SQL queries on Oracle, SQL Server, DB2 and MS Access.
Expertise in EDI transactions in healthcare industry and having knowledge of HIPAAX12, and thorough understanding on ICD 9 and ICD10 codes.
Expertise in ETL testing using Informatica Power Center with proper understanding of Data Analysis, Data Modeling, Data Warehouse/Data Mart Design, Data Conversion, OLAP data Validation and Verification.
Experience in IVR (Interactive Voice Response) testing with CYARA Automation, Replay and Virtual CTIOS agent.
Well-versed with the concepts of different SDLC models such as Agile (SCRUM), V-Model, RUP and Waterfall.
Proficient in the process of Independent Validation and Verification (IV&V) of Manual/Automated testing.
Strong experince in various testing such as Functional testing, White Box Testing, Black Box Testing, Grey box testing, Regression Testing, Load, Stress and Performance Testing, Security testing, 508 Complaince testing and User Acceptence (UAT) Testing.
Possess excellent skills in using HP ALM, Quality Center, JIRA, Rational Team Concert(RTC), Rational Quality Manager(RQM), ClearQuest, Mentes, Spira, Serena Business Management(SBM) and Team Foundation Server(TFS), CA Rally and Atlassian JIRA.
Extensive experience in testing CMS (Center for Medicare & Medicaid Services) applications for Affordable Care Act (ACA) ACO, HITECH, NLR, CNC and QMAT projects.
Experience in working with CMMI level 3, QA audit compliance processes, policies and procedures and manage work products in DOORS, SharePoint and Microsoft Test Manager.
Experience in working with Section 508 Compliance verification and validation testing using JAWS.
Excellent in interpersonal and communication skills both in verbal and written and an ability to communicate and interact with people at all organizational levels.
Ability to successfully manage multiple deadlines and multiple projects effectively through a combination of business and technical skills.
Good organizational skills with the ability to track and prioritize numerous simultaneous tasks.
Demonstrates ability to rapidly learn and apply new technologies and improve processes to make an impact as a productive individual contributor as well as team player.

Technical Skills:

Software Testing Tools
HP Performance Center, LoadRunner, Jmeter, Fiddler,Sitescope, Dynatrace, ALM, Quality Center, QTP/ UFT, Selenium WebDriver, SoapUI, SoaTest, TFS, JIRA, ClearQuest, Rational Quality Manager (RQM) and Informatica Power Center, Jenkins and Cucumber.
Operating Systems
Windows 98/NT/2000/XP/Vista/Windows 7/8, UNIX and Linux
Programming Languages
Java, C, C++, C#, Visual Basic, SQL, T-SQL, PL/SQL. Python and Ruby
Scripting Languages
JavaScript, Shell Scripts, HTML, Xpath, CSS, DHTML, XML, AJAX and JSON
Databases
ORACLE, Microsoft SQL Server, MS-Access, DB2 and Mainframe
Case Tools
TOAD, ETL, Business Intelligence, Microstrategy and MS CRM
Web Servers
Microsoft IIS, HTTP, Apache, Tomcat, Sun Java Web Server, REST, SOAP and WSDL
Application Servers
Web Logic, Web Sphere Server, Apache, Applets, and JMS
Version Control Tools
Visual Source Safe, StarTeam, MS Visio, MS Visual Studio, SVN, CSV, Git and Lotus Notes
Methodology
SDLC, Waterfall, Agile Scrum, Iterative and V-model

Professional Experience:

Geico Insurance Company – 5260 Western Avenue, Chevy Chase, MD 20815 February 201 6 - Present
Project: Telecom IVR Testing
Role: Senior Automation/Performance Test Engineer.

Responsibilities:

Involved in IVR (Interactive Voice Response ) testing with Telecom Release Management team.
Responsible for creation and execution of Automated test Scripts using CYARA Automation tool.
Involved in creating automation framework using Eclipse, JAVA, Selenium Webdriver and TestNG.
Created JavaScripts using Xpath Element locators, Webdriver methods and TestNG annotation.
Worked with continuous integration (CI) using Jenkins, GitHub and Maven project.
Used Configuration Management and version control tool like Subversion (SVN), CSV and Git.
Worked with Cucumber for Behavior Driven Development (BDD) using Gherkin and integrated with Selenium.
Developed web services automated scripts from API document to verify SOAP and RESTful web services using XML, HTML, CSS and JSON format.
Executed test cases and reporting defects using Quality Center and collaborating with development team using JIRA.
Uploaded and configured WSDL file to SOAPUI to test the web services application with multiple protocols.
Responsible for implementing LoadRunner,Performance center, JMeter based infrastructure including: Architecting the load testing infrastructure, hardware & software integration with LoadRunner.
Developing and modifying automated Vugen scripts using LoadRunner / ALM Performance center.
Developed Vuser scripts using single and multiple protocols such as web (HTTP/HTML), Ajax, TruClient, Citrix, Web Services and Microsoft .net protocols.
Prepared Vugen scripts, Load Test, Test Data, Execute test, validate results using ALM Performance Center.
Created correlation as well as parameterization using Load Runner VuGen.
Analyzed throughput graphs, hits/second graphs, transactions per second graphs and rendezvous graphs using LoadRunner Analysis tool.
Performed backend testing on SQL Server 2012, executed various DDL and DML statement.
Performed REST API web services performance testing using JMeter and NeoLoad.
Monitored performance of the application during the test run using APM tools such as Dynatrace and SiteScope.
Worked with Agile Development team, SAFe and attended daily standup, scrum and user story review meetings, discussed the issues related to functionality of test cases and defects.

Environment: Windows 7, CYARA, CTIOS, SQL Server 2012, CTI-Softphone, Selenium webdrive, LoadRunner, Performance Center, SoapUI, ALM Quality Center and Jira. XML, Java, TestNG, JUnit, Java Script, Selenium web driver, Eclipse, Jenkins and Gherkin.

Inovalon (Software Company) - 7120 Samuel Morse Dr., Columbia, MD 21046
Role: Performance Engineer March 2013 – January 2016
Project-Safhire and Data Diagnostic project

Responsibilities:

Developed LoadRunner test scripts according to test specifications/ requirements.
Created various testing documentation including Performance test plan, test metrics and test summary
Reports.
Developed Scripts using with web HTML/HTTP, True Client and Web services protocol in LoadRunner.
Worked with business team in establishing benchmarks to use during deployment.
Developed Vuser scripts using VUGen and executed scripts in performance center Controller.
Executed Shakeout test, Load Test, Stress Test and Endurance Test in Performance center.
Involved in End to End identifying problem for the application hanging and out of memory exceptions.
Identified Disk Usage, CPU utilization, and Memory for Web, and APP and Database servers in performance
Center and APM tools.
Involved in Bottleneck identification and Analysis using Thread Dump, Heap Dump and Garbage Collector.
Verified the states of threads and DB connections in the application for better performance of the application.
Involved in tracking application time to time whether the garbage collector is sweeping of the memory.
Analyzing the server side metrics using JVM and monitoring the performance using SiteScope and Dynatrace.
Monitored different graphs like transaction response time and analyzed server performance status, hits per
Second, Throughput, windows resources and database server resources etc.
Analyze and summarize meaningful and relevant results in a complete Performance Test Report.
Extensively worked on UNIX and executed various programs on C Shell.
Preparation and execution of test scripts using JMeter to perform Web Services testing.
Developed SQL queries for backend database testing using SQL Server management studio.
Used Fiddler debugger tool to capture the traffic that is flowing in your current browser.
Generated different graphs and reports in SPLUNK for Safhire application.
Provided support to the development team in identifying appropriate workflows.
Participated in daily standup (scrum) meetings, project status meetings as well as retrospective meetings.
Leading performance team in LT Environment and scheduling meeting, and communicating with clients.
Environment: LoadRunner, ALM Performance center, Sitescope, Dynatrace, SPLUNK, JVM, JMeter, Fiddler, SQL Server, XML, Linux and Windows.

CareFirst
BlueCrossBlueSheild – Owings Mills, MD 21117 March 2011 – January 2013
Project: FEP Bridge - Claims Processing and Console.
Role: Senior Software QA Analyst.

Responsibilities:
Analyzed requirements to prepare Test scheduling, Test planning, Test Strategy and Test Procedure.
Provided accurate estimated LOE for completion of design, authoring and execution of test cases.
Coordinated and facilitated meetings with the client to review system test specifications.
Tested FEP Bridge Enhancements phase V-Test Data Manager(TDM) of CareFirst and Cambia Medicaid automation, LPP Claims and electronic adjustment Claims.
Worked extensively on inbound HIPAA transactions & EDI Code sets standard like 834 (Benefit Enrollment & Maintenance), Claims Adjudication EDI (837), Remittance (835) and Claims Status (276/277).
Involved in testing supplemental Claims such as 837D, 837Inst, 837 Prof for Provider, Recipient, Reference and Reporting Subsystems.
Created test data for claim 837/835 EDI formats including all segments and loops for dental, professional and institutional outpatient and inpatient.
Prepared ICD9 claim request and response files, and converted ICD 9 to ICD 10, and manipulated 837/835 EDI /XML files to generate a wide variety of valid claims.
Developed test cases, test data (HIPPA 4010/5010 claims) and execute them at HP ALM and log defects.
Developed and Maintained Parasoft SOA Test scripts for all components of PA system along with Limited Regression Suite and Web Services testing.
Dropped valid claim in SOATest and get response, and validated in the backend database.
Performed Functional Testing using Parasoft SOATest including WSDL, SOAP and XML, and messaging clients.
Validated XML data in the API for web application using soapUI with RestFul HTTP methods.
Created assertions such as verify HTTP 200, 400, 404, Xpath and Xquery assertions.
Created SQL queries using TOAD to retrieve and verify expected system data is stored in the database.
Verified ETL process and ensured that data is loaded in a timely manner, according to requirements, and corrupted data is handled appropriately.
Created data driven framework using QTP/UFT for database tesing and created custum functions in Vbscripts.
Facilitate UAT team and stakeholders to review planning, status, and issue discussion.
Guided QA team, supervised day to day work, assigned tasks, and Monitored progress and ensure overall quality conference to standards.

Environment: ALM, SoaTest, UFT, TOAD, SQL Developer, SOAPUI, MS SQL Server 2012, SQL, PL/SQL, Oracle 11g, Windows, Unix, Xpath, Selenium Web Driver, XML Altova, and TestPad.

Copper River Information Technology, LLC June 2010 – Jan 2011
Sr. Test Engineer at TSA, DHS
Project: TIM (Technology of intelligence & Analysis) Aviation populations

Responsibilities:

Involved in requirements analysis, developed and maintained test documentation including Use case, Test Scenarios, Test Plan, and Test Case Specification.
Analyzed the requirements and developed positive and negative test cases and established the requirements traceability matrix (RTM).
Created various testing documentation including Test metrics, Defect management reports, Test Summary Reports and meeting minutes, training material, and user manuals etc.
Involved in the preparation of test plan specifying an overview of testing approach, testing strategy, roles, responsibilities and its scope.
Developed population specific requirements for essential capabilities that are not already covered by the TIM solution, in accordance with the TIM population onboarding methodology
Interacted with Business Analyst, onboarding population PMO, and development and test teams.
Define quality attributes, external interfaces, constraints, and other nonfunctional requirements
Performed Manual Testing and executed test cases and logged defects in Quality Center.
Managed and tracked requirements, test cases and test coverage and logged & analyzed defects using QC
Used Informatica Power Center as an ETL Tool for Developing the Data Warehouse testing.
Created SSIS, SSRS and SSAS on OLTP and OLAP processing using SQL Server management studio.
Executed SQL statements to verify database integrity and to validate test execution.
Performed Regression testing of Web Services using SoapUI for Restful based web application.
Involved in in Web Services Testing using WSDL, SOAP, UDDI and XML files.
Attended in Scrum meeting, Requirement review meeting, Defects review meeting and Project status meetings.
Participated in the development and support of the testing program aimed at supporting multiple testing efforts simultaneously.
Works with challenging clients and provide effective communication for successful architecture development.
Environment: HP QTP/UFT, QC, SQL, Oracle, TOAD, HTML, XML, Java, Soap UI, JavaScript Lotus Notes, CSV, PDF, HTTP, MS-Office, Web Sphere, JMS, Biz Talk and Microsoft Visio.

Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS) Feb 2006 – May 2010
Project: ACA-HITECH-NLR
Role: Testing Specialist

Responsibilities:
Analyzed Business, Functional, Non-Functional Requirements, scope and design Documents of the application.
Performed extensive Gap analysis to the System Requirements documents and Design Specifications documents to ensure that the system met all of the technical and business requirements.
Participated in all joint application development (JAD) sessions, system related walkthroughs and overviews sessions.
Developed and maintained test documentation including Test Plan, Test Scenarios and Test Case Specifications.
Managed work products in DOORS and used Quality Center to create and maintain the test scripts and test cases for Smoke, Functional, Integration, Regression, User Acceptance Testing, and identified defects and maintain them.
Developed positive and negative test cases and established the requirements traceability matrix (RTM).
Involved in testing with Affordable Care Act (ACA), HITECH NLR projects and coordinated with all participating Accountable Care Organizations (ACOs) for Medicare Share Saving Program (MSSP).
Involved in testing NLR project, designed and developed NPPES, PECOS and EHR program.
Involved in peer review meetings and updated test cases according to (CRs) new changes.
Reviewed work products and deliverables, and reviewed test evidence files.
Generated complex BI Reports using Microstrategy
Manipulated various XML files, and validated them against the XSD files to ensure the XML files passed XSD validation.
Extensively used complex SQL queries to check the integrity of the data and to perform Back-end Testing.
Developed test automation scripts using Quick Test Pro for Functional and Regression testing.
Worked in Object Repository, Object Identification set the Environment variables, Output value, Recovery scenario, Data Driven Test by using Quick Test Pro (QTP).
Developed Hybrid framework from scratch using VBScript and created custom Function, Keyword driven, Data driven testing and enhanced automation scripts in Quick Test Pro (QTP).
Designed, developed and executed VB scripts in QTP for functional and regression testing.
Developed custom function libraries in QTP to reuse and maintain the scripts.
Interacted with the government client directly on daily basis to meet the need of testing and the application.
Coordinated with the Developers regarding the defects raised and retested them against the application.
Environment: VBScript, Quality Center, Quick Test Professional (QTP), Oracle, 508-JAWS, MS SQL Server 2008, SQL, PL/SQL, Microstrategy and DOORS.

Verizon Business, Silver Spring, MD May 2004 – Dec 2005
Project: CAAS
Role: Software Q A Engineer

Responsibilities:
Developed and maintained quality assurance standards and procedures throughout SDLC.
Analyzed business requirements and prepared Test plan and Test cases using Standards Testing methodology.
Involved in the specification reviews, test planning, and test case development, executing the test, and reporting bugs.
Involved in Cloud Computing on CaaS (Computing as a Services) interface for provisioning servers and Network infrastructure.
Created and configured farms, DNS server and added virtual and physical servers in DMZ/Trust network.
Provisioned windows and Linux Cluster, nodes and added SQL/MySQL application on windows and Linux cluster.
Configured Linux Red hat, VMware, and windows servers and provisioned windows2003/5/8 servers, SQL server 2005/8 R2 on Virtual / Physical Servers.
Provisioned backhaul VRF, Routers, farm connection and verified Bandwidth graphs of the farm.
Worked on HP OO (Operations Orchestration) flow to ensure servers and farms provision failure or success.
Performed TCP/IP socket programming utilizing WebLogic and WebSphere Application Servers, WebSphere, Oracle database application development and object oriented methodology.
Cloned windows /Linux virtual server, added additional storage on reference server and mounted NAS share volumes on VM and Physical server.
Developed LoadRunner test scripts according to test specifications/ requirements.
Identified Disk Usage, CPU, and Memory for Web, and APP and Database servers in LoadRunner.
Created manual and goal oriented scenarios using controller in LoadRunner.
Managed and celebrated with the team using Team Foundation Server (TFS) and reported defects on it.
Analyzed the logs for various web applications in Windows, Linux, AIX, and Solaris and used UNIX command for FTP.
Attended the daily Bug review meetings, weekly status meetings and interacted with Developers for resolving Defects.
Environment: Quality Center, LoadRunner, TFS, HP Opsware SAS, VMware VSphere, OO (Operations Orchestration), XML, SQL Server, Python, TCP/IP, FTP, WebLogic, Unix-AIX and Linux

Education:
MS in Computer Science, Corlins University, USA
BS in Computer Science, University of Chittagong, BD

Achievements & Certification:
Oracle Database Administration (OCP): Xincon Technologies, NYC, NY
SQL Server 2005 (DBA): Xincon Technologies, NYC
UNIX Sun Solaris 8: Solaris Academy Inc. NYC, NY

Reference: Available upon request.
Contact this candidate