Anasuya
( Sr. Mobile Automation/Sr.Test Engineer / Sr. White Box QA Engineer )
aczf8d@r.postjobfree.com
972-***-**** x 364
SUMMARY
9+ years of work experience in quality assurance with 6 years of experience in automation testing and 2+ years of experience in manual testing.
Experienced in software testing methodology and developing Test Plans, Test Procedures, Test Case Design and Execution, Modification Requests.
Highly experienced in software development life cycle(SDLC), software testing life cycle and configuration management.
Testing experience includes Integration Testing, Regression Testing, Functional Testing, System Testing, UI Testing and Compatibility Testing.
Experience in developing Functional Test Automation using Selenium (IDE, RC, Web Driver) and in using Test case framework like Junit/TestNG.
Involved in suggesting Automation script standards to automation team according to CMMI level 5 standards
Core technologies worked with included Quality center, Microsoft SQL server and Salesforce
Developed ANT build files for maintaining test automation builds.
Developed Java based library to read test data from XML & Properties files using Junit and Selenium.
Experience in building / maintaining Automation Framework for Web Automation using Selenium& Java
Experience developing SQL queries for database verifications.
Experience in working on Version control tools like SVN.
Implemented Data Driven frame work for Automation using Selenium and Java
Highly experienced in designing and executing automation scripts in selenium.
Experience using SOAPUI to validate SOAP/WSDL and web services.
Worked with REST API services.
Worked in designing frameworks and configuration files
Worked with functional and technical teams to ensure quality of test deliverables & timely completion of individual test plans.
Hands-on experience working with UNIX environment.

SUMMARY OF SKILLS
Testing Tools QTP, Automation,Selenium IDE, Selenium Web driver, HP quality center, Firebug, SOAPUI, Jmeter.
Bug reporting tools Bugzilla, Quality center
Version Control SVN, CVS,VSS,Github
Browsers Firefox, Internet Explorer, Google Chrome
SDLC Waterfall methodology, Agile
Build Tools Eclipse IDE and ANT
Data bases Oracle 7.0, MySQL and DB III+
Operating systems/Networking Google Chrome, AS/400, Windows 2000/2003 server, Windows NT/2000/xp, UNIX, LINUX
Languages Java, c, asp.net, c++, scripting, Cobol, Python
Reporting tools BEX reporting, Developer 2000
Data Ware house tools Business Ware house 3.5
Microsoft products MS office, Microsoft Visio, PowerPoint, Word, MS Excel
Networking Protocols HTTP, HTTPS, SMTP, POP3,TLS

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Client:Google Inc, Mountain Veiw Jan2017-Present
Implementation Vendor: Applause
Position: Mobile Automation Engineer

Project Description: Applause is the implementation partner for Google payments project. As part of Google payment projects applause was involved in implementing various new tools like Google for work, Google ad words to the customers which are bug free
Involved in testing of various tools in Google payments
Hands on experience in using Google proprietary tools
Worked with data base oracle in querying results in the back end
Worked with Google payment tools for UI testing of the applications
Lead the testing to deliver bug free products

Client: Apple Inc, Sunnyvale CA July2015-Sept 2016
Implementation Vendor: Tech Mahindra
Position: Sr. Test Engineer

Project Description: Tech Mahindra is Implementation partner for ETS testing project with Apple. Apple Inc have projects with website testing of Apple ID application and I forgot Application. Both the websites are into beta testing on various apple devices. The main aim of the projects is to release these two applications bug free to the customers on the apple devices.

Involved in regression testing of web applications of Apple on various browsers and apple devices
Executed automated and manual tests on mobile devices and windows operating system
Worked on different builds to improve the performance of the apple applications.
Hands on experience is testing different features of Accessibility, JAWS and cloud services in IOS
Worked on mobile devices on different versions of IOS system 8.0 and 9.0 on iPhone 6, iPhone 6s, iPad
Hands on experience with Apple proprietary tools to perform the testing process
Tracked various bugs and reported them accordingly in apple bug tracking system
Performed sanity testing on Yosemite Operating system and Safari browsers
Created bug reports and coordinated with the developers to fix them
Co-ordinated with technical leads and QA leads to discuss about various issues that occurred during the testing process.

Environment: Windows 8.1, IE11,Google chrome, Fire Fox, Yosemite O.S and Safari

Client: Google, Mountain View, CA Dec 2014-June 2015
Implementation Vendor: Tech Mahindra
Position: Sr. Test Engineer

Project Description: Tech Mahindra is Implementation for chrome os project with Google. Chrome os is chromium open source project that aims for building an operating system that is fast and easy to access on chrome devices. It aims in implementing new features for Google chrome operating system, which will help the end user to access the web very fast.

Gather requirements, specifications, user documentation, preparation and documentation of test plans created by Google lead in chrome os project
Consult with the Google development team and new test cases for new features in the project
Executed functional tests and worked and captured reports using Google’s proprietary tools
Worked on chrome os team on bug verification, full release test cases for different builds and versions
Hands-on experience on doing regression testing on daily builds and giving QA sign off
Worked on Python scripts from Google cloud storage.
Hands on experience in adding chrome devices and modifying the scripts for changes as demanded for the new devices.
Hands on experience in manual testing/mobile application testing. Testing involves Android (Mobile/applications), client server and cloud
Functional testing of chrome os applications like chrome vox for web, voice over, Android application and Bug management
Hands on experience working with testing accessibility features with chrome os, testing wireless
Networking and wired networking, adhoc testing on different chrome devices.Worked with Google Docs and Spread sheets for autoupdates
Hands on experience in doing sanity testing on Android mobile devices for various apps.
Run Python scripts for uploading payloads for various chrome devices.
Worked on Linux operating system in access Google cloud storage for uploading various payloads for devices
Worked with TCP/IP and UDP protocols
Create bug reports and helped the development team in fixing for verifying it
Performed sanity testing on chrome operating system using chrome devices and updating the progress sheets accordingly for that particular builds
Tracked various bugs and help in identifying them and coordinated with the team in fixing them. Logged bugs which occurred while using chrome device using Google tools
Co-ordinated with technical Leads and testing teams and did knowledge transfer when needed.

Environment: Linux, Google chrome operating system, Python, Windows 8, Android mobile testing

Client: Macy’s, San Francisco, CA Mar2014-Nov2014
Implementation Vendor: Photon Infotech
Position: QE Lead

Project Description: Photon is the implementation vendor of Macys and has projects with Macy’s site stability and site performance. These projects are mainly focused on Macys and blooming dales web applications maintenance, UI testing, performance optimization and back end testing.

Gather Review requirements, specifications, user documentation to assure quality of the products and tests to be developed
Select and developed appropriate automation tools, applying the latest techniques in test automation like ATDD process
Worked with multiple projects of site performance and site stability
Worked in agile methodology and participated in iterative development cycle, ATDD process for site performance project
Worked with internal macy’s tools service now, mingle for Agile methodology
Analyzed user stories and acceptance criteria to develop feature files for performing regression testing and integration testing in cucumber frame work
Hands on experience in preparation of Test plan for multiple projects
Work with development team to capture and reuse automated test suites, test stubs and drivers and other development test objects
Participated in Release review meetings giving necessary updates for the project and explained the impact of any obstacles for the projects
Worked with GIT HUB and used service now which are used as Macys internal tools
Performed Back end testing and executed for PL/SQL queries for site stability project
Co-ordinated with developers and automation manager in working with source code by using continuous Integration tool Jenkins
Worked with REST API services in back end testing with Macys server (MASS)
Co-ordinate with Systems analyst, product managers, UI architects, developers and Project managers for deliverables in the site performance and site stability projects.
Provide technical guidance to junior-level automation engineers of offshore automation engineering team.

Environment: Ruby, Cucumber, Window 7, Linux, oracle

Client: Callidus Cloud, Pleasanton CA Oct2013 –Jan2014
Positon Title: Sr. Automation Engineer

Project Description: Callidus cloud has cloud based computing project for testing UI applications for their incentive compensation, sales and marketing automation. The project mainly consists of testing their Web based application with the back end database

Written automated test using open source tools like cucumber and Ruby
Participated in automation tool selection process for an automated testing harness in Ruby/cucumber environment
Develop and execute automated tests using soap UI pro-environment
Worked with XML files in soap UI pro and make the changes accordingly to the Ruby/Cucumber framework
Participated in daily scrum calls
Support and deploy builds in various QA environments with various settings and configurations
Worked in Agile scrum methodologies.
Daily interaction with various team members of the engineering team and work with scrum master and managers

Environment: SOAP UI pro, Ruby, Cucumber, XML, oracle

Client: Bank of America, Concord, CA Nov 2012-Sept 2013
Position Title: Sr. White Box QA Engineer

Project Description: Bank of America has initiated new project called ASDS (Asset Sales and System). Delivery. The project was to replace their current mortgage marketing applications (SMS) with a new online based system which should support existing functionality whilst integrating with backend applications like MISMOL web services System.

Document test summaries and GAPs Involved in analyzing Business requirements, specifications and development of Test Cases and executing & reviewing them.
Performed various testing methods like Functional, Usability testing.
Performed GUI Testing and Cross Browser compatibility testing during the releases and interacted with the developers to resolve any technical issues using Selenium Webdriver.
Tested compatibility of application for dynamic and static content under various cross browsers using HTML IDs and Path in Selenium.
Involved in Creation of Selenium scripts and creation of Test data and Script Parameterization
Extensively worked on Selenium IDE, CSS Selector Property and X Path properties
Extensively worked on Automation Script Configuration file
Created Hybrid automation framework using Selenium Webdriver, Junit and TestNG
Involved in creation of Selenium Web driver report
Developed and executed White box test cases of the Java Classes using TestNG framework
Hands on experience in Java based API testing for mortgage applications testing
Used XML report technology in reporting the automation results.
Collected feedback on Run Failures and reported bugs to Engineers in the product development team.
Done cross browser testing using Google chrome, Internet explorer and safari
Participated and supported in UAT with global testing team.

Environment: Selenium 2.0.0, Selenium IDE 1.9.1, SOAPUI, Fire Bug, Java, Eclipse

Client: Stone Cobra Inc.: Roseville, CA Feb2011-Oct 2012
Position Title: Sr. White Box QA Engineer

Project Description: Stone Cobra specializes in enterprise software and services that align organizations and industry best practices with market-leading technology solutions with experience in industries such as financial, automotive, high-tech, insurance, healthcare, retail, manufacturing and government.

Set up the environment for automation of testing.
Built the framework for automation using Java, Selenium Web Driver and TestNG.
Developed and executed the test scripts with Selenium Webdriver and TestNG.
Developed page level action or page library in Webdriver to support modular automation framework.
Performed data driven testing using MS Excel with Selenium Webdriver and Java.
Based on page library, developed Webdriver test cases in JAVA using TestNG framework.
Validated the XML request and response using SOAPUI
Prepared a regression and functional test framework using Selenium tool.
Developed and executed White box test cases of the Java classes using TestNG framework & Eclipse .
Developed TestNG tests for each Java based API in the Project and verified functionality by matching expected and actual output values.
Developed, maintained and conducted smoke test cases for QA environments.
Designed Modular framework for functional automation using Selenium and Java.
Designed and Developed Page library using Selenium and Java for functional automation.
Implemented Automated execution of tests (nightly and need based) using ANT and TeamCity.
Prepared test groups of Test Cases for different functionality tests and published reports using Ant.
Collected feedback on Run Failures and reported bugs to Engineers in the product development team.
Worked closely with cross functional teams throughout SDLC.

Environment: Java, J2EE, Selenium IDE, Eclipse, Web driver, Windows 7, SVN, SOAPUI, Firebug, Http server

Client: Capital One: Richmond, Virginia Aug2010 – Jan2011
Position Title: Sr. Whitebox QA Engineer

Project Description: This application was developed for online services in Banking, Lending and Investing. These services are broadly classified into personal and corporate. This site also provides the Up-to-date business news including Checking & Saving, Home Mortgage, Insurance information, Fixed Income and numerous other services. The Integrated Credit Project (ICP) is part of the overall Credit Process Integration program. Insurance application includes HealthCare, Property & Casualty modules. Credit Process includes credit card processing

Created test cases using Selenium, Java
Created test plans, test scenarios and wrote test cases for testing various services.
Performed functional testing to identify various critical points in the application and automated it by using Selenium.
Did API level testing of web services, enhanced the Test Harness and developed many test suites using XML and Java
Wrote test scripts with Java and also executed these test scripts
Developed automated tests using Java and Selenium.
Worked with selenium and Java to build and run test scripts and test scenarios
Configured ANT builds scripts to run tests, develops reports and sends notifications.
Used Pre-Execution checklist to verify that the environment is ready for testing.
Documented the successful or unsuccessful completion of each test condition.
Reported the bugs, E-mail notifications to the developers, project lead using Jira.
Managed bug fixing, bug reports and component test defects using Jira.

Environment: Java, J2EE, TestNG, Firebug, Firepath, selenium, Junit

Client: AT&T: Jersey City, NJ Sept2009-July2010
Position Title: QA Engineer

Project Description: GIOM (Global Integrated Order Manager) is a web-based strategy. The GIOM is intended to provide a common user portal to AT&T Business Services’ service-specific order infrastructures (Data/IP, LD Voice, and Local Voice) to facilitate customer centric ordering of both standalone and bundled services (ABN and One Net).GIOM was strategy positioned in the architecture services across service delivery channels.

Analyzed the user requirements, functional specifications and Use Case documents and created the Test Plans, Test cases for Functional testing.
Managed, administered and redesigned Salesforce CRM and operational best practices.
Performed Black Box and Unit testing using Equivalence Partitioning analysis.
Used Quality Center as Test Repository for Requirements, Test plans.
Involved in providing the Testing Effort estimates and provided the timely feedback on progress of the testing activity.
Recorded and plays back test in Fire fox using Selenium IDE.
Created Automation test framework using Selenium.
Used Firebug Tool to identify the Object’s id, Name, XPath, link in the application.
Exported Test Case Scripts (Java-Selenium RC) in Eclipse IDE and modified the selenium scripts and executed. Prepared automation test framework.
Tests developed in Eclipse to start and to stop the selenium server and to execute the tests in browser.
Run tests by using java application in Eclipse.
Examine the results of test to pinpoint defects in the application.
As part of compatibility testing, executed the workflow manager web application related test cases on browsers like Mozilla Fire Fox using Windows 7 Operating system.
SQL Queries for backend testing
Successfully Completed User Acceptance Testing (UAT) on each release of the project with the help of end user requirements.

Environment: Java, Eclipse, Selenium IDE, Selenium Webdriver, SQL and Windows 7, Salesforce

Telesocial, Sunnyvale -CA July2008 – August2009
Position Title: QA Engineer

RESPONSIBILITIES
Involved in creating Test Plans and documenting Test Cases to accomplish comprehensive test coverage
Performed Manual testing for Facebook, twitter, My talk space and Facebook mobile apps
Created user accounts for Facebook and tested for different environment conditions
Developed test cases and performed User Acceptance testing, Regression testing for “call my friends” app in Facebook
Reviewed functional specifications and worked to develop test cases for various conditions of the user accounts
Reviewed functional specifications and worked with the development team to resolve issues
Bug reporting and tracking them to completion, which involves in coordinating between the development and support group

Environment: Mobile testing, Facebook, twitter, talkspace, Web environment, HTML, Internet explorer.

Royal Bank Canada Jan2006 – Aug2006
Role: Technical systems Analyst (Co-op position)
Department: PC/LAN systems

This project included implementation of LAN technology in a networking environment.
Key Contributions:
Worked in co-ordination with three teams to carry on daily activities of PC/LAN systems department.
Debugging and programming in the Visual basic .net environment
Responsible for mobile teams to solve their issues.
Deal with client situations.
Hands-on experience with Unix shell scripting

CERTIFICATION
SAP certified SAP BW associate Consultant from SAP CANADA

EDUCATION
M.B.A in Human Resources management from IGNOU, India
Bachelors in Mechanical Engineering, Jawaharlal Nehru technological university, India
Diploma in Computer Networking and Technical support, Seneca college of Applied arts and Technology, Toronto, Canada
Contact this candidate