SAI SIRISHA
aczm8i@r.postjobfree.com 781-***-****

Visa status: Authorized to work for any employer in the USA

Summary

Experience in analyzing functional requirements and translate them to test cases.
Have experience in interacting with multiple teams and meeting tight schedule.
Have experience in interacting with client calls on regular basis for change request/enhancements.
Created Generic and WebDriver Generic classes function for the entire Project.
Experience with TestNG Annotation, Grouping, and Parallel execution.
Executed test scripts on IE, Firefox & Google chrome
Knowledge in Keyword and Data driven framework, Hybrid framework
Expertise in Planning, Designing, development and Implementation of Data Driven and Hybrid automation framework using Selenium Web Driver and Java
Experience in Automation testing using Selenium Web Driver/RC/IDE, JUnit, TestNG, Jenkins, Maven, Cucumber.
Well acquainted with Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) and Software Testing Life Cycle (STLC).
Worked Extensively on JUnit, Test NG framework for Unit Testing & Maven for Project building tool
Proficient in documentation of deliverables in testing process (Test Plan, Test Scripts, Test Summary, Defects in HP Quality Center/ALM &JIRA, Status Reports)
Well-versed with core Java
Performed Smoke Testing, Functional Testing, Integration Testing, System Testing, Regression Testing and Compatibility Testing.
Prepared Traceability Matrix to ensure the test case coverage for all requirements.
Coordinating with Developers in fixing Defects and ensuring QA processes.
Used CSS selectors and regular expressions to query DOM elements.
Very good experience in script debugging skills in case of issues / failures.
Wrote unit test cases using JUnit.
Reviewed test cases for peers and given valuable comments about test case coverage and functionality.
Proven ability in developing BDD scripts with Cucumber and writing step definitions for behavior.
Good knowledge in validating data from the database using DML, DDL statements.
Conceptual understanding of Foreign Key, Primary Key and other Constraints.
Proficient in writing complex SQL queries.
Expertise in writing SQL queries and performing Data base testing
Very Knowledgeable web services Tester & has solid understanding of Soap UI
Good ability to automate Web Services test processes and procedures
Good ability to identify and resolve web services user interface issues
Good knowledge of creating automated test scripts Using Java.
Identified the root cause of intermittent interoperability glitch in air-traffic control software, leading to a no-fault audit finding.
Performed data base testing using SQL in order to check the data integration and validity
Promoted to serve as lead QA tester, overseeing quality-assurance testing and teams for client software and systems development projects

TECHNICAL SKILLS
Bug Tracking Tools: QC 10, Bugzilla, HP ALM, Jira
Automated Testing Tools: Selenium IDE, WebDriver
Operating Systems: Windows XP/Vista/win 7/win 8, Linux
Programming languages: Core java,
Frameworks : JUnit, Test NG, Data driven, Hybrid Driven, Cucumber, Maven, Jenkins

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
The Home Depot, Atlanta, GA Mar 2015 – present
Senior Software Test Engineer, Proxtra integration
Home Depot has 2 applications .COM and PRO. Proxtra integration project is integrating .COM and PRO application, The Home Depot’s new loyalty program, provides more ways to helps professionals to manage and grow their business .It is designed to save them time and money, and give them important business tools to manage their businesses better, Pro Xtra makes it easier than ever to keep track of projects with Online purchase tracking tool, eReceipts, Electronic customer service agreements, The Home Depot Estimator, Eagle View roof and wall measurement, Pro Xtra reloadable cards, Discounts, coupons and pro-only savings As a Pro Xtra member, a professional customer can use any or all of these business tool
Coordinating with client for day to day activities
Followed Agile methodology for Project Development and actively participated in the Daily SCRUM meetings to produce quality deliverables with in time
Involved in all phases of the end-to-end implementation project- requirements gathering, analysis and design, development, testing and debugging
Involved in Requirements gathering, providing estimation, Test planning, Design, Review & Execution of test cases.
Cucumber was used for the entire regression testing and functional testing with selenium as a primary tool to the test Test scenarios, Test cases and test conditions identified.
Performed Web Application testing on project operated within agile environment, with 2-4 week sprints, daily scrum meetings, task waiting, pair programming, refactoring, presentations and review.
Expertise in Functional, Security, and Performance Testing for SOAP and REST web services using SOAPUI
Experience on SOAP and REST SOAPUI Web Services Testing.
Involved in weekly walkthroughs and inspection meetings, to verify the status of the testing effort and the project as a whole and leading offshore team
Experience in REST API Testing, Integration and performance testing
Executed automation scripts on different browsers/environments /results to the team.
Understanding the Project Requirement Specifications and Software Requirement Specification Documents.
Good consulting, facilitating, and leadership skills ability to lead or follow with equal ease. Excel in team collaboration, solution brainstorming, root cause analysis, risk assessment and budgeting
Created automation framework and test scripts using Selenium Web-Driver for multiple platforms and browsers testing
Tested and analyzed web services using SOAP UI and wrote detailed reports.
Prepared and Execution of test scripts using Test-NG and Selenium Web-Driver.
Responsible for defect tracking and management metrics, defects are logged and change requests are submitted using Bugzilla.
Installed & Configured Selenium Web Driver, Test-NG, Maven tool and created Selenium automation scripts in java using Test-NG prior to next quarter release.
Involved in scope creation, script creation, configuration, execution, analysis, resolution, retesting using Test NG.

Molina Healthcare, Milwaukee, WI Dec 2013-Feb 2015
Senior Software Test Engineer, Atlas
The Molina Healthcare discovers, develops and delivers to patients worldwide innovative therapies for the treatment of neurodegenerative diseases, hemophilia and autoimmune disorders. The project involves the development and integration of websites for Drugs approved by FDA. The websites are developed during various stages of drug development to create awareness and educate both the patients and health care professionals. There are many websites like Tysabri, Tecfidera, Avonex which are redesigned and developed as part of this project.
Coordinated and managed all phases of testing for assigned components ensuring test cases are completed and met business requirements.
Developed test cases, scenarios, and conditions to validate functionality.
Performed various types of testing, such as functional, regression, GUI, System Integration, negative testing.
Developed and executed TestNG test script using annotations.
Run the test cases on multiple browsers simultaneously using Selenium Grid
Incorporate Selenium for automation of Identified Test Scenarios
Cross browser testing across different browsers like Internet Explorer, Firefox and Google Chrome.
Documented, logged and tracked defects and test results
Was the test lead and the QA representative in the Sprint planning and Scrum meetings for the Donor project. Helped with creation of the Sprint burn down chart

Esurance, LA, CA May 2012– Nov 2013
QA Automation Engineer, Powerpad
Worked on Quality Assurance Testing for projects in Esurance & Allstate ecommerce platform integration.
Designed and developed automation framework using Key Word Driver and Data Driven methods.
Developed and executed test strategy and coordinated QA testing in Agile Environment
Designed and implemented test scripts and managed Selenium test automation processes Involved in setting up the test automation framework using Selenium
Worked on writing test plans, test cases for various major and minor projects and skillfully executing them.
Implemented functional automated test cases using Selenium Web driver
Develop test code in Java language using Eclipse, Selenium IDE and JUnit framework.
Writing Test Data and Test cases for the new features.
Enhanced test plan with new test cases at regular intervals of time.
Developed automation framework for Web Application Testing.
Performing Regression, Functional, and smoke testing in QA, Stage and Production environments.

T- Mobile Communications Bellevue, Washington Quality Analyst,Digicom June 2010–Apr 2012
T-Mobile is one of the biggest telecommunication companies in United States. VASP is a web-based application, which provides customers of T-Mobile to manage their DSL accounts online.

Worked on The Telematics project in a fast paced Agile environment providing Web and Database testing signoff.
Responsible for Gap Analysis and preparing Test Estimates, Test Outline, and Test Design by reviewing product requirements and functional specifications.
Coordinated meetings with Business owners and Developers in designing detailed Test Plan and comprehensive test scenarios ensuring adequate test coverage
Responsible for preparing and executing test cases covering all the test scenarios
Used SQL as part of Database Testing for retrieving information, editing and inserting data
Prepared test data in the XML format for testing some Web services in the application
Executed and managed Functional, Regression and Integration testing during scheduled phases of STLC. Also provided UAT and Post production validations
Maintained defects in Mercury Quality Center and conducted defect review meetings.
Implemented Frame work for Selenium RC scripts using Java
Automated UI Part with selenium RC
Ram Informatics LTD, Hyderabad, India Mar 2008-May 2010
Software Test Engineer, PRNewswire
PR Newswire Association provides electronic distribution, targeting, measurement and broadcast services on behalf of tens of thousands of corporate, government, association, labor, non-profit, and other customers worldwide. PRNEWSWIRE Is a distributor of press releases based in New York City, to allow companies to electronically send press releases to news organizations.PR Newswire Association, LLC has many websites which require to be moved to CMS platform
Worked closely with business analyst from various business areas to gather business and user requirements.
Understanding the Project Requirement Specifications and Software Requirement Specification Documents.
Identified test cases to automate. Automate those test cases using Selenium Web driver and Java (Eclipse IDE). Contributed in framework creation.
Preparation of Daily and Weekly status reports
Involved in Regression, Functional, Integration, System, Sanity and Database Testing.
Used various drivers specific to each browser to write scripts for testing across various browsers.
Involved in setting up the test suit to run test cases in batches.

Education :
Bachelors Degree, Sri Padavathi Mahila University, Tirupati
Contact this candidate