Jugue NKUZU
Tel: ***- ***-****
E-mail: ad0e2y@r.postjobfree.com
LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/jugue-nkuzu

PROFILE
I am a Software Test Engineer and Quality Analyst with experiences in insurance and finance sectors. I am able to handle multiple tasks daily and use a creative approach to solve problems. I have experience in working individually but also as part of a team, through agile methodology. I have advanced knowledge of Object-oriented concepts, Databases, Automation testing (functional and non-functional testing), all phases of Software Testing Life Cycle (STLC), Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) and Defect Life Cycle. I program in several programming languages. I am also Microsoft certified on Querying Data with Transact SQL.

SKILLS AND TECHNOLOGY STACKs

Languages
Java,C#, JavaScript, SQL, TypeScript, VB.NET, Python
Server Side
Visual Studio Code, Spring Tool Suite,SQL Server, PostgreSQL,SQL, Report Builder, Pycharm, MySQL, Node.js
Client Side
Angular, CSS, HTML, Bootstrap, JSON
DevOps
Git, GitHub, Jenkins, RDS, EC2, Bitbucket
Testing
JUnit4, Postman, Soap UI, Selenium, Load Runner, Cucumber

EDUCATION / TRAINING / CERTIFICATE

Taskimpetus Inc (LA, USA)
Quality Analyst Certificate of completion 08/2023

Microsoft Certification ID: 990******-**/2020
Querying Data with Transact-SQL

Microsoft Certificate of Achievement 01/2021
Implementing a SQL Data Warehouse

FinA (Tbilisi, Georgia)
Manage data collect system, certificate 10/2015
Financial and fiscal supervision, certificate 09/2017

Athena (Tunis, Tunisia)
Information systems audit, certificate 09/2017

Bachelor Degree in Computer Science, 09/2010
University of Kinshasa, DR Congo

EXPERIENCE

06/2021 -02/2023: Software Test Engineer, Quality Analyst (REVATURE, USA)
Responsibilities:

Reviewed Functional and non-Functional aspects of the applications with the stake holders.
Preparing Test Strategy, Test Plan, Test Scenarios and Test cases in order to ensure that they are in accordance with Quality Assurance (QA) Best Practices.
Developed Requirement Traceability Matrix (RTM) to ensure appropriate level of test coverage.
Documenting all testing procedures
Record and enhance the scripts with Load Runner through Vugen component
execute the prepared scenarios and monitor the performance through Controller component
analysis the result and submit the observations and recommendations to improve the performance of the application
Created automation scripts using Selenium Web driver with Java and Cucumber
Created testing data needed to execute automated test cases using Data Driven Framework.
Created and executed database queries (SQL) to validate database integrity.
Executing and analyzing automated tests, using Test Driven development(TDD) and Behavior Driven development (BDD)
Retesting software after bugs are fixed to ensure the program works properly.
Developed automated regression test suites
Mitigated risks to Business through timely and precise execution of automated test scripts under moderate supervision.
Participated in Quality Assurance (QA) weekly meetings, Scrum call and various other meetings and discussed enhancement and modification request issues and defects in the application.
Environment:
Java, Selenium WebDriver, Cucumber, Junit4, Java Script, SQL, Anaconda, Git, JSON, JIRA, Windows.

06/2012 - 02/2018: Software developer, SQL developer at Central Bank of Congo (BCC)

Responsibilities:
Created interactive single-page applications using Angular and NodeJS.
Created a web app that allows users to sign up, log in on the Application.
Created Models, Services, and Components using Angular.
Utilized AWS's RDS with SQL Server to store data.
Worked on Spring Tool Suite 4 and Visual Studio Code for development.
Utilized JUnit4 for testing the business layer.
Utilized Selenium and cucumber for automation testing.
Used Maven as a project management tool to handle dependencies inside the application.
Tested API with Postman.
Used Hibernate to map Java Classes and fields to Database tables.
Created repositories, services, and controllers in Java for the API endpoints.
Managed source control with Git version control.

Environment:
Spring Boot, SQL, Hibernate, JavaScript, Java, Angular, Bootstrap, Selenium, Cucumber, Github, SQL Server, Postman

WORK AUTHORIZATION IN THE UNITED STATES

I am permanent resident

VOLUNTEER ACTIVITIES

Since 01/2012 : Remotely teaches JAVA programming, Automation Testing with Selenium and Cucumber, and SQL Server development to young computer scientists in Kinshasa (capital of the Democratic Republic of Congo).
Contact this candidate