Lakshmi Miriyala
302-***-****
ad1ix8@r.postjobfree.com

PROFILE:
Automation Test Engineer having 7+ years of experience in Software Testing (Manual Testing + Tosca Automation).

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY:
Test Automation Engineer working with Tricentis TOSCA test automation suite for 3+ years.
Have experience in automating Web based, API and SAP Applications.
Currently working on automation of Web applications based on Java and SAP using TOSCA ver. 13.3 P7.
Team player with excellent analytical, management, interpersonal, presentation and communication skills.
Built functional, Sanity and Regression Test cases using TOSCA, created Modules using TBOX engine and Classic Engine by using TOSCA.
Tosca Automation framework TBOX / TBOX modules, TCD, Requirements, APIs, BI in Tosca.
Experience designing, developing, and enhancing module base automation using Tricentis model-based tool TOSCA.
Good Knowledge of TOSCA Test Suite - Module, Test cases, Test Cases Design, Requirement, and execution.
Implemented Tosca test automation for handling Popup windows and Alerts using Recovery Scenarios.
Hands on experience in running the scripts in Scratch Book and Execution list.
Worked on TCP, Synchronization Timeout, Action modes, and Error Handling in Tosca.
Participating in daily stand-up meetings, status meetings and retrospective meetings in a distributed team environment.
Involved in Test Case Peer reviews.
Expertise in setting up and carrying out browser compatibility testing environment with di erent browsers and versions of Internet Explorer, Mozilla Firefox, Google chrome on di erent operating systems like windows and MAC.
Excellent Communication, Interpersonal, and Team Player Skill, Quick Learner, and Self Starter.
Strong organizational and multi - tasking skills.
Involved in Retrospective sessions to demonstrate the functionality developed during each sprint as process of Agile.
Extensive knowledge in executing the manual test cases for UI, Functional testing and played a key role in UI & Functional Testing by preparing scripts in Quality Center.
Actively participated in all phases of the Manual testing cycle including reviews & project status meetings.

TECHNICAL SKILLS:

Testing Tools
Tricentis Tosca, HP Quality Center (QC)/ ALM, HP UFT, HP LoadRunner, Testrail, SOAPUI, Postman
Defect Management Tools
JIRA and Bugzilla
Testing Techniques
Smoke, Functional, Non functional, Integration, Regression, GUI, System and UAT
Operating Systems
Windows 98/2000/2003/ XP/Vista/7, UNIX
Database Technologies
MS SQL Server 2005/2008,DB2
Programming Languages
Basic knowledge on C, C++, Java
SDLC Methodologies
Waterfall, V Model, Agile
Office Communication
MS Outlook, MS Project, MS Word, MS Excel, MS PowerPoint 2000

CERTIFICATIONS:

· Tosca Certification 1- Certified Automation specialist Level 1 (AS1)
· Tosca Certification 2- Certified Automation specialist Level 2 (AS2)
· Tosca Certification 3- Test Data Specialist Level 1 (TDS 1)
· Tosca Certification 4- Test Data Specialist Level 2 (TDS 2)
· Tosca Certification 5- Certified Automation Specialist for SAP
· Tosca Certification 6- Automation Specialist for API
· Tosca Certification 7- Automation Engineer Level 1 (AE1)

QUALIFICATION:

Btech(CSE) – From JNTUK –AP, India.

VISA STATUS:

H4-EAD – Valid till 2024.

PROJECTS EXPERIENCE:

PROJECT 4:
CLIENT: Aura, New York, (Remote)
DURATION: From Jun 2022 to Present
ROLE: Tosca Automation Engineer

Responsibilities:

Followed Agile methodology, involved in sprint planning, grooming and retrospective meetings.
Understand the functional flow and automate the web-based applications using TRICENTIS TOSCA Test Suite.
Created Modules in TOSCA for different applications using XSCAN. Feasibility check of applications for test automation using TOSCA.
Created Automation Framework Concept of Data-Driven framework in TOSCA.
Worked on Recovery scenarios.
Created Test sheet, create classes, attribute, and instance to define the business test data.
Created/Defined Test Case Template according to business scenarios and linked with Test sheet.
Performed defect reporting and bug tracking in q test and followed up with the development team to verify bug fixes, and update bug status.
Worked with sections of TOSCA like Modules, Test Cases, Requirements, Test case Design and Execution Lists.
Participated in daily SCRUM meetings and gave the daily status of testing.
Created Automation test framework using TOSCA
Preparation of test data, execution and automating the test cases using TOSCA Tool. Review test cases written by peers to ensure that all requirements are covered in test case documentation.

Environment: Tricentis Tosca, Agile Scrum, HP ALM, Cross-browser Testing, Jira, qTest

PROJECT 3:
CLIENT: Rakuten, San Francisco CA, USA
DURATION: From Apr 2020 till May 2022
ROLE: QA Automation Tester

Responsibilities:

Responsible for test planning and leading execution of formal test plan.
Responding to client Request for Proposals, Proof of Concepts, Project Scoping and Efforts Estimation.
Responsible for development and maintenance of automation projects for SAP application and web applications using Tricentis TOSCA.
Maintain TOSCA repository to ensure no duplicate test case, modules and reusable test blocks are created.
Frequently communicate test progress, test results, and other relevant information to team members and management.
Coordinate individual tester’s daily activities and assign work.
Responsible for reviewing and monitoring quality of the Test Scripts before submitting the Test scripts for Sign-off.
Assist with test environment and data management.
SAP Functional issue coordination with SME’s.
Co-ordinate with offshore team for issue resolution.
Created testcases in Tricentis TOSCA using TCP (Technical configuration Parameters) and buffer variables. Well versed with TCP.
Created more reusable libraries in the project and use the same across the testcases.

Environment: Tricentis Tosca TCP, Agile Scrum, HP ALM, Cross-browser Testing, Jira, qTest

PROJECT 2:
CLIENT: Deal Wallet, CA, USA
DURATION: From Mar 2019 till April 2020
ROLE: Manual Tester

Responsibilities

Involved in all phases of STLC which includes Interacted with the Business Clients, Product Owners, Developers for clear exposure to trickle down the technical/functional User Requirements and change Requests to Test Plans and Test Scenarios.
Understanding the client requirements by studying functional documents.
Identification of scenarios for the Requirements.
Create logs to document testing phases and defects
Work with cross-functional teams to ensure quality throughout the software development lifecycle
Identified Test requirements and checked if the test cases were complete enough to test the business functionality.
Interacting with the onsite people and resolving the offshore issues.
Publishing daily status reports during execution.
Report bugs and errors to development teams

Environments: SQL Server, ALM, Waterfall, MS Excel, Windows, Firefox, Chrome ANT, GIT.

PROJECT 1:
CLIENT: STAR HEALTH AND ALLIED INSURANCE, INDIA
DURATION: From Aug 2014 till Jun 2017
ROLE: Manual Tester

Responsibilities:

Creating the Test Cases based on Functional Specification and Reference site
Involved in testing for all the modules like Claim Intimation, Registration, Settlement etc.
Responsible for maintaining the test cases in Test link test management tool
Browser compatibility testing done across various browsers and operating system combinations
Preparation of Test Summary Report, Daily Status Report
Peers test case review
Involved in Data migration testing.
Conducted manual execution of test cases and evaluated the actual results with the expected results.
Performed Smoke, Functional, Regression, and System Testing.
Involved in preparing Bug Reports, Test Reports, and Test Summary Reports.

Environments: SQL Server, ALM, Waterfall, MS Excel, Windows, Firefox, Chrome ANT, GIT.
Contact this candidate