AKASH DILIPSA KADTAN
Software Test Engineer, Heera Software Pvt. Ltd Pune.
Contact: +91-932*******
E-Mail: ad26lg@r.postjobfree.com
* ***** ** ********** ** Manual Testing in Web Application, Mobile Application, Desktop Application Testing and Automation Testing in Selenium.
Good knowledge in SQL.
Good Experience in API testing with the help of Postman.
Good Experience in Selenium Web Driver with Core Java.
Good Experience in Performance Testing with the help of JMeter. PROFESSIONAL SYNOPSIS
Extensive working experience in Functionality Testing – Functional Testing, Non- Functional Testing, Regression Testing,White Box Testing,Black Box Testing,API Web Service Testing, Database Testing and Automation Testing.
Working knowledge of Agile Scrum, SDLC software development methodology.
Participate in Scrum meeting to discuss about project progress report every day & prepared weekly status Report.
Execute the test case to meet customer requirement & Good Knowledge of Test Case Design Techniques.
Experience in defect log using defect management tool such as Azure DEVOPS and prepared daily test status reports to communicate the test status with the team.
Good experience in analyzing the User stories in Sprint Backlog.
Good experience in creating, modifying, and enhancing both manual Test cases.
Strong knowledge of identifying web elements using Xpath.
Executed test scripts on IE, Edge, Firefox and Google chrome.
Document, implement, monitor, and enforce all processes for Manual and automation testing as per standards defined by the organization.
Hands on Experience in Automating web applications and GUI applications using Java, Selenium.
Hands on experience in API Testing working POST, PUT, DELETE, GET Methods using Postman Tool.
Clear Idea about Software Development Life Cycle as well as familiar with Software Testing Life Cycle.
Ability to learn new Testing Tool quickly
Excellent Knowledge in MS-Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint).
Performed Automation testing using Selenium on Web based (Browser) application. TECHNICAL SKILLS
Operating Systems :- Windows, Linux
Programming : -JAVA
Database :-MYSQL
Bug Management tool :- Azure DEVOPS.
Testing Skills : - Functional Testing, Integration testing, Regression testing, Review Test cases, Defect Report,STLC,SDLC.
PROFESSIONAL WORK EXPERIENCE
I am currently working as a Software Test Engineer at Heera Software Pvt. Ltd, Pune.(From Feb 2022 to till Date)
EDUCTIONAL DETAILS
MSC(COMPUTER SCIENCE) from S.B.E.S College at Aurangabad 431001, Maharashtra.
BSC(COMPUTER SCIENCE) from Modern College Pune, Maharashtra. Project 1
Project Name: Online DMS Web Application.
Domain: Distributor Management System.
Project Description:
I was involved in testing an online DMS (Distributor Management System) web application that aimed to streamline the distribution process for various industries.
The DMS system helped distributors to manage their Orders, sales, Credit Note, Debit Note, and Purchase Modules efficiently.
My role was to ensure the quality of the software by performing various types of testing like functional, regression, integration, API and performance testing. I was also responsible for creating test cases, executing them, reporting defects, and verifying their fixes.
Additionally, I worked closely with the development team to understand the requirements and to provide feedback on the usability of the system.
During the project, I gained expertise in testing web applications and using testing tools like DEVOPS, JMeter and Postman.
I also gained knowledge of software development processes like Agile and Scrum. Working on this project helped me to develop a deep understanding of the DMS domain and its challenges. Roles and Responsibilities:-
o Analyzing & validating the completeness of business requirements. o Generating the Test scenarios and Test cases Conduct Internal Test Case Peer Reviews. Generating Regression Test scripts by extracting the requirements that need to be tested from available documentation also Performed Sanity, Functional, System Integration, Retesting, Regression testing. o Participated in all Agile ceremonies with the team, developers to discuss open issues and communicate with o Propose improvements to current practices ensuring that approved enhancement are fully implemented and the repeat errors are eliminated.
o Plan & coordinate for timely availability of the test data & environments. Project 2
Project Name – Modenik Life Style Pvt Limited (Dixcy). Domain:- Modenik Life Style Pvt Limited Distribution Management System. Description:-
In the Modenik project would be to ensure the quality of the web, mobile, and desktop developed for managing Sale Hierarchy area Distributor,Outlet and sub-stockiest distributor systems. The project is aimed at providing a comprehensive software solution for managing the distribution operations of Sales area outlets and sub-stockiest. The project will involve developing a web-based portal, a mobile application, and a desktop application that will allow Distributor area outlets and sub-stockiest to manage their inventory, sales, and distribution operations more efficiently. The Modenik Life Style Pvt Limited product of clothes The project is an ambitious software development project aimed at improving the distribution operations of Distributor area outlets and sub-stockiest.
Roles and Responsibilities:-
o Designing and executing test cases according to the Functional specifications. o Understand the requirements and clarify the doubts with BA. o Performing Functional Testing, Regression Testing. o Validation of Expected output Vs Actual output in respective database tables using SQL. o Logging the bugs in Defect Tracking Tool.
o Ability to handle multiple tasks and to work independently as well as in a team setting. o Experience working in an Agile Scrum development process. o Responsible for testing deliverables, prioritizes and monitors activities to meet such dates for individual assigned features.
CERTIFITION DETAILS
Completed Certification in “Software Testing+Jira+Agile” From Online Udemy Course,Nov 2020.
Completed Certification in “Automation Testing Selenium WebDriver+Java+TestNG” From Online Udemy Course,Nov 2020.
Completed Certification in “Advance PHP Web Designing” From Institute “CNC Web World ” Pune Swargate,2017.
Maharashtra State Certificate In Information Technology (MS-CIT), 2010. PERSONAL DETAILS
Name :- Akashkumar Dilipsa Kadtan
Nationality : -Indian
Birthday date :- 23 AUG 1994
Language known :- English, Marathi, Hindi
Current Address :- Ujwal Park Society Wadgaon
Budruk Narhe,Pune-411041, Maharashtra.
Linkedlin – https://www.linkdin.com/in/akash-kadtan/ Place: Pune Name of Candidate
Akash Kadtan
Contact this candidate