SHREYA SHRESTHA
SR. SOFTWARE ENGINEER
1-919-***-**** ad35z2@r.postjobfree.com
https://www.linfiedin.com/in/shreya-shrestha-096997196/ Cary

As a seasoned Test Automation Engineer with over 8 years of experience, I've excelled not only in crafting innovative solutions for software testing but also in leading teams to success. With a winning record at hackathons like Cotiviti and Applitools, I bring proven leadership and technical skills to the table. My ability to seamlessly blend manual and automated testing, coupled with a deep understanding of .NET technologies, sets me apart. Backed by excellent communication skills and a commitment to staying abreast of emerging technologies, I'm ready to lead your team to new heights of success.

TECHNICAL SKILLS
Backend language: C#, Java
Test Automation tools: Selenium, Applitools, Cucumber, Cypress
Testing Frameworks: Nunit(analogous to JUnit), Jmeter, Gauge
Backend Framework: .Net
Continuous Integration/Continuous Development: Bamboo (similar to Jenkins)
Software methodology: Scrum, Kanban, Agile
Web Tech: RESTful API
Monitoring tools: Grafana, Report Portal
Database: Relational (Oracle, Postgres, SQL)
Logging tools: ELK Stack
IDE: Visual studio, VSCode
Debugging Tools: Postman, Chrome Dev Tools
Version Control: Git, SourceTree, GitHub, SVN
Other Tools: Jira, Docker, Confluence, BitBucket

EXPERIENCE
SR. SOFTWARE ENGINEER
APRIL 2020 – OCTOBER 2023
COTIVITI, INC. (domain: US HealthCare)
●Designed detailed test plans, test cases and automated scripts for smoke, functional, regression, integration, and UAT testing in Page Object Model (POM) approach.
●Meticulously aligned test automation with requirement specifications, ensuring precision and adherence to project objectives.
●Data driven testing by querying data using SQL, Oracle, PostgreSQL.
●Set up test configurations for execution in Bamboo for CI/CD across diverse environments.
●Actively monitored daily test runs, conducted thorough investigations into any test failures, and resolved issues to ensure the reliability and stability of the tests.
●Executed thorough regression testing to validate and ensure the integrity of software changes and updates.
●Conducted thorough manual testing to ensure application integrity before automation.
●Implemented Gauge framework with JavaScript for API automation following BDD practices.
●Effectively communicated with onshore and offshore teams and quality assurance analysts for requirement discussions, bug resolution, and acceptance meetings
●Conducted comprehensive code reviews to maintain quality and best practices.
●Developed a dashboard for visualizing Veracode scan reports using Ember.js, Node.js, and D3.js to enhance the representation and analysis of security scan data.
●Conducted research on Report Portal to speed up test result analysis and reporting.
●Developed an application in Cypress to send screenshots of Bamboo results to stakeholders.
●Provided guidance and mentorship to team members, offering insights into project details, and fostering a collaborative learning environment.
●Provided guidance to team members in their routine tasks to ensure the timely achievement of deliverables.
●Led the team in implementing the latest technology stacks, mitigated challenges, and offered strategic guidance throughout the upgrade process.

SOFTWARE ENGINEER
APRIL 2016– MARCH 2020
COTIVITI, INC.
●Implemented POC in Selenoid with docker to optimize test execution time.
●Refactored the existing automation framework enabling test-level parallelism and Dependency Injection which decreased the test execution time by 48%.
●Performed performance testing to establish client benchmarks across diverse data volumes (large, medium, small) using REST APIs, and generated datasets for precise assessments.
●Configured Bamboo for diverse CI/CD environments, monitored tests, investigated failures, and ensured test reliability.
●Developed test cases based on the acceptance criteria using Jira as the collaborative platform.
●Ensured high-quality code through meticulous code reviews.
●Engaged in Scrum ceremonies as a part of Agile Methodologies.
●Developed automated tests for smoke testing, regression testing, functional testing, and end to end testing.
●Collaborated with the onshore team and software developers to discuss requirements, address bug-related concerns, and facilitate acceptance processes.
●Documented project workflow and research works in confluence.
●Version control using GIT.
●Prepared status/sprint report with various metrics.

ASSOCIATE SOFTWARE ENGINEER
AUGUST 2015– MARCH 2016
COTIVITI, INC.
●Responsible for delivering relevant health information of organization in OLAP cube using data structure optimized for fast and efficient analysis.
●Developed test cases based on the acceptance criteria using Jira as the collaborative platform as a part of manual QA Engineer.

EDUCATION
YEAR: 2011-2015
BACHELOR’S IN COMPUTER ENGINEERING (Equivalent to Computer Science)
KATHMANDU UNIVERSITY, NEPAL
ACHIEVEMENTS
●Cotiviti hackathon winner (2020, 2022 and 2023)
●Gold winner in AppliTools Ultrafast Cross Browser Testing Hackathon: https://applitools.com/2020- cross-browser-testing-hackathon-winners/
REFERENCES

Stephen Roche Principal Software Engineer
Cotiviti, INC
South Jordan, Utah
ad35z2@r.postjobfree.com, ad35z2@r.postjobfree.com

Amy Erickson Senior Technical Product Owner
Cotiviti, INC
South Jordan, Utah
ad35z2@r.postjobfree.com, ad35z2@r.postjobfree.com

Sajin Shrestha Senior Software Engineer
Cotiviti, INC
South Jordan, Utah
ad35z2@r.postjobfree.com, ad35z2@r.postjobfree.com

Mandar Kulkarni Engineering Manager
Cotiviti, INC
South Jordan, Utah
ad35z2@r.postjobfree.com, ad35z2@r.postjobfree.com
Contact this candidate