Ashok Gunampalle ad353y@r.postjobfree.com
Sr ETL/Tosca Automation Test Engineer 614-***-****
www.linkedin.com/in/ashok-gunampalle-950a1922

•IT Professional with around 10 years of experience in DWH/BI and Manual & Automation testing for Data & Analytics platform in Cloud and On-Prem environments.
•Experience in Automation testing for web application & API Testing Using Tricentis Tosca.
•Extensive experience in Healthcare domain with SSIS 15.9.10, Matillion 1.59, Tableau 10.1,10.5 & Power BI (2020, 2.79), Oracle 11g & Informatica 9.1.
•Hands-on experience in writing complex transformation SQL queries to validate data for Data Pipelines.
•Extensive experience testing dash board in Tableau Desktop.
•Effectively used Tricentis Tosca Test suite to ensure proper business compliance after working closely with the stakeholders.
•Worked with all modules of TOSCA like modules, Test Cases, Requirements, Test Case Design & Execution Lists.
•Worked on PDF Comparison using Tosca
•Experience in AWS, AutoSys Workload Automation.
•Worked on ETL Automation Using SSIS Package.
•Design and Developing test cases for SQL objects verification and testing.
•Experience in Execution of Test Cases and Preparation of Test Data.
•Experience in JIRA Project Management.
•Experience in Qtest Test Management.
•Having knowledge on Selenium Automtion.
•Experience in Agile Methodology.
•Experienced DW-BI professional with excellent business and the technology skills leading large global teams to deliver complex Business Intelligence, DW and Analytics projects.
•Proficient in understanding business processes/requirements and translating them into technical requirements.
•Experience using Query Surge ETL Automation tool to validate the data between Source vs Target.
•Experience in API Testing using Swagger UI.
•Experience in using Unix Commands.
•Working with Control-M scheduler.
•Hands on experience in gathering Business Requirements, Analysis, Design, Implementation and Documentation of various functionalities of Data Warehouse.
•Designed solutions for both ETL/Reporting phases. Have provided solutions for different reporting tools like Tableau.
•Good understanding of both Agile & waterfall methodology.

CERTIFICATIONS:
Snowflake Pro Core Certification

EDUCATION:
MBA (Finance & Computers) – 2007 to 2009 (JNTU Hyderabad)
B.com (Commerce) 2001 to 2004 (Sri Krishna Devaraya University Anantapur)

TECHNICAL SKILLS:
ETL Tools: Matillion 1.59, Informatica 9.1, SSIS 15.9.10, Microsoft Visual Studio, Ab-Initio
Reporting Tools: Tableau9.0,10.1,10.5,
Automation Tool : TOSCA 15.0 16, Query Surge
API: Swagger
Cloud Platforms: Amazon Web Services
Programming Languages: SQL,
Databases: SQL Server2012,2015, Oracle 11g,Snowflake

Capital Group, Irvine CA June 2022 – Present
Sr ETL /Tosca Automation Test Engineer

Capital Group is an American financial services company. It ranks among the world's oldest and largest investment management organizations, with over $2.6 trillion in assets under management. Vehicle Flexibility (VFLEX) Project to divide the pods for Fund under Management (FUM).

Responsibilities:

Performing Integration, Functional End-to-End Testing.
Lead the offshore team and co-ordinate with the offshore to understand the requirement.
Prepared Test Plan and assigned the stories to the team.
Involving in Functional Testing & Regression Testing
Involving in writing complex SQL queries to verify data from Source to Target
Create Modules using Tosca XScan and use them to create end to end Test Cases.
Create and maintain automated Scripts and perform test script execution using TOSCA.
Create File compare and PDF Compare using Tosca TBOX.
Identify the controls using Properties, Anchor, Image and Index in Tosca.
Create static test data using the TestCase Design section.
Execute and analyze the Test Cases
Monitor, research, analyze, and report problems to programmer or developer.
Leverage the out of the box functionalities and TBox engines to create end to end tests.
Specialized courses on SAP Automation, API testing, Database testing.
Performed data validation testing writing SQL queries.
Testing new visualisations and updates to visualisations for developers.
Ensuring the visualisations render with correct security applied.
Checking for inaccuracies and ensuring figures are correct in reports.
Using UNIX Commands to run the Autosys Jobs.
Performing Testing in AWS S3.
Place the file in S3 bucket and run the Autosys job.
Verifying the logs in AWS Cloud Watch.
Connect AWS Environment to perform ETL Validations
Conducted source to target data mapping.
Identified defects and errors in data prior to data processing.
Mitigated existing issues and provided solutions.
Run the AutoSys jobs using Autosys workload Automation tool.
Collaborated with back end and database testers.
Verified data completeness and transformation rules.
Tested complex metrics, custom drill maps, Templates for Graphs & Drill Reports.
Tested referential relations and integrities of data.
API Testing using Swagger.
In a given page display the number of rows and columns
Does search option on text is case sensitive- Upper, Lower or both.

Environment:
Cloud: AWS S3,
ETL Tool: SSIS 15.0
Data Base: SQL Server
BI: Tableau 10.5
Project Management: JIRA, Confluence
API: Swagger
Test Management: QTest
Automation: Tosca 16

Client: Everside Health, Denver CO Feb 2021 – May 2022
ETL/ Automation Test Engineer

Everside Health offers complete direct-to-employer primary care and behavioral health at health centers located at or near work, home and virtually. Everside EDW group is responsible for providing enterprise Data warehouse for the enterprise to serve providers and customers.

Responsibilities:
Validating/ Analyzing the Data.
Preparation of Test Scenarios and Test Cases based on the TDD (Technical Design Documents), Data Models and Data File Specs.
Create Modules using Tosca XScan and use them to create end to end Test Cases.
Create static test data using the Test Case Design section.
Prepare Test Plan, Test strategy documents, Test Design, Test Execution and submit test reports/summary reports and defect management in JIRA.
Execute and analyze the Test Cases
Leverage the out of the box functionalities and TBox engines to create end to end tests.
Specialized courses on SAP Automation, API testing, Database testing.
Verify the data in Snowflake DWH using queries for source and Target data Comparison.
Analysis the reports using Snowflake.
Querying Snowflake using SQL.
Rescan the modules in Tosca.
Find Duplicate Modules & Merge Modules in Tosca.
Using Buffer & Wait on operations in Tosca.
Test Scenarios and Test Data preparation & Writing SQL queries, Test cases execution.
Verifying the data in target database after ETL process.
Performed column data mapping between source & target database.
Verifying the data which is loaded into target database.
Experience in Ab-Initio ETL Tool.
Easy to use front-end application to create graphs using Enterprise Metadata Environment (EME) and Graphical Development Environment (GDE).
Source-to-target mapping is performed.
Facilitates the cross-referencing of data from several sources.
Validation of packing and schema.
Testing the Application using Tosca Automation Tool.
Interactions with BA & Dev teams to resolve the issues.
Reporting daily testing status report.
Combined multiple data sources using Data Blending.
Functional Testing of different dashboards whether the expected behaviour is achieved or not.
Fixing bugs in dashboards that are reported by the concerned teams of the client.
Ensure that testing activities are integrated into the CI/CD pipeline

Environment:
Cloud: AWS S3
ETL Tool: Ab-Initio
Data warehouse: SQL Server
BI: Tableau 10.5
Project Management: JIRA, Confluence
Test Management: Qtest, HP QC/ALM
Automation: Tosca 15

Client: City of Hope Clinic Aug 2020 – Feb 2021
Senior Software Test Engineer

City of Hope is a founding member of the National Comprehensive Cancer Network (NCCN), a non-profit alliance of 21 U.S. cancer centres. The NCCN publishes clinical practice guidelines for ontological treatment among its member institutions. Member institutions include City of Hope, The University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Centre, St. Jude Children's Research Hospital/University of Tennessee Cancer Institute, Fox Chase Cancer Centre in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Centre in Seattle, Washington, and 16 others.

Responsibilities:
Understanding the Requirements and the Data Model.
Preparation of Test scenarios and following with Functional test cases and End to End test cases.
Generated and executed Test cases as per the user requirements.
Involved in Functional, Regression and Retesting.
Using SQL queries in Snowflake to validate the data.
Perform the ETL Testing activities in Snowflake.
Involved in defect tracking using ALM and interacted with developers to resolve defects.
Used Automation Techniques from Source tables to Investigate defects in Target tables.
Coordinated the requirement gathering calls with the users.
Knowledge transfer and mentoring the new joins.
Requirement elicitation, translating and simplifying requirements and assisting with the business cases.
Experience in Ab-Initio ETL Tool.
Testing for data duplication.
Testing for Data Transformation.
Data quality assurance testing.
Source-to-target mapping is performed.
Facilitates the cross-referencing of data from several sources.
Validation of packing and schema.
Methods for designing tests involve selecting approaches for testing based on data inputs and business needs.
Tracking of Metrics and Defects for all the deployments
Risks/Issues identification, Risk Mitigation planning.
Performed troubleshooting performance issues on the ETL and Reporting side.
Extensively used Snowflake, Matillion tools for the analysis.
Tracking the project deliverables and reporting to the leaders on regular basis.
Generated ad-hoc Tableau reports on based on user requirements.

Environment:
ETL Tool: Ab-Initio
Data Warehouse: SQL Server
BI: Tableau 10.5
Project Management: JIRA
Test Management: QTest

Cient: Biogen Specialty Pharmacy April 2016 – Aug 2020
SDET (Software Developer Engineer in Testing)
Responsibilities:
Extensively worked on Informatica, Talend and Tableau.
Created Talend jobs for the Green plum scripts /excel sources/API.
Analyze on the new requirements and discuss with the client community to identify the Gaps and suggested changes to done on the URS and suggested design recommendations as well in source side that were accepted and implemented.
Estimation for the newer enhancement requests and Project schedule preparation.
Agile methodology implementation.
Extensively used GitHub for version control, Rally for tracking the project status.
Actively involved in gathering requirements from end users, involved in implementing various technical & functional specifications.
Designed various analytical reports from multiple data sources by blending data in Tableau Desktop.
Utilized advance features of Tableau software like to link data from different connections together on one dashboard and to filter data in multiple views at once.
Facilitate communication between Development team and Business stakeholders.
Experience in Marks, Publisher, Security concepts, creating Worksheets and Dashboard using Tableau.
Combined multiple data sources by joining tables using Data Blending.
Worked on multiple Complex tables through custom SQL.

Environment:
ETL Tool:
Matillion 1.59
Data Base: SQL Server 2015
BI Tool: Tableau10.1
Project Management: JIRA
Test Management: HP QC/ALM

UHG (UNITED HEALTH GROUP) April 2014 – April 2016
Software Engineer
Responsibilities:
Count check
Reconcile records with the source data
Data type check
Ensure no spam data loaded
Remove duplicate data
Data threshold validation check, for example, age value shouldn’t be more than 100.
Record count check, before and after the transformation logic applied.
Data flow validation from the staging area to the intermediate tables.
Record count check from the intermediate table to the target system.
Ensure the key field data is not missing or Null.
Check if the aggregate values and calculated measures are loaded in the fact tables.
Data check in dimension table and history table check.
Check the BI reports based on the loaded fact and dimension table and as per the expected results.
Create, design, and execute the test plans and test cases.
Test the flat file data transfers.

Environment:
ETL Tool: Informatica 9.0
Data Base: SQL Server 2012
BI: Tableau8.3, 9.0
Project Management: JIRA
Test Management: HP QC/ALM
Contact this candidate