Anusha Eppakayala
Email: ad38uz@r.postjobfree.com Phone: (M) +91-905*******
A seasoned professional offering more than 2 years of experience in the IT sector specialized in Software Testing.
Profound knowledge of all phases of Software Testing Life Cycle which includes requirement gathering, test planning, test designing, test execution and reporting. Strong understanding of testing concepts with expertise in requirement analysis, defining test strategy, test cases and test plans. Skilled in planning, developing and implementing Automation projects.
CORE STRENGTHS
Automation Testing-Selenium
Software Testing Life Cycle
Designing & Executing TestCases
Holds good Knowledge in SQL
Decent Knowledge on Core Java
TECHNICAL SUMMARY
Software Testing Manual testing, Automation testing Automated Tools Selenium Web Driver (Java)
Operating Systems Windows
Development Skills Core Java, SQL
Ticketing System Tools Zendesk, Salesforce
CAREER CONTOUR
Quality Test Engineer Cognizant Technologies, Hyderabad September 2021-Till Date Key Deliverables:
Currently working as Quality Assurance engineer for Automation and Manual testing. Responsible for gathering requirements, understanding end-to-end application functionality as well as devising / building test strategies depending on the projects needs along with coordinating all testing activities
Accountable for understanding the business functionality, business requirements and Functional specifications of the applications under test and establish / maintain test standards ensuring strict adherence to the same
Instrumental in preparing test plans, estimations, test data, test conditions, test scenarios for various modules at various stages
Key role in creating, managing and sharing daily & weekly reports with the Management. PROJECTS HANDLED
Title: CASH APPLICATION AUTOMATION(CAA)
Team Size: 27
Company Name: Cognizant Technologies, Hyderabad
Duration: Sep 2021 to till date
Environment: Hotfix(911),develop(FIT),release(SIT),duronto UAT Description: HighRadius Cash Allocation Cloud enables the end-to-end automation of the cash allocation process that covers remittance aggregation from different sources/formats, payment linking, invoice matching, deduction coding, and ERP posting. When a company receives a payment, they must apply it in order to be sure that they have a right to those funds. We are at the forefront of developments in liability-driven risk management solutions for defined CAA, a leading provider of defined contribution solutions and also offer a wide range of AI automation to help our clients in managing their day to day business activities. Responsibilities:
Developed web agents in selenium to fetch remittances from the websites. Modified the selenium code as per the client's new requirements. Automation scripts and Execution of automations on the latest builds. Understanding Requirement Specifications and Design Documents of the application. Timely deliverables to the client.
Worked on User Acceptance, System Integration and Regression testing. Expertise in writing, reviewing and executing the Test plans, Test scenarios and Test cases. Tracking Productivity on a daily basis and participating in Peer Reviews of Test Cases. Involved in defect triage and participated in the daily Scrum meetings. Expertise in all the phases of STLC and Involved in all the phases of SDLC. Tools used in this project:
Zendesk, Salesforce : Ticketing system for solving customer support tickets. Selenium : Web Automation Tool.
ACADEMIA & TRAININGS:
Degree Specialization University Year of
Passing
% Scored
B.Tech Electronic And
Communications
Christu Jyothi Institution of
Technology and Science(CJIT),
Jangaon
2019 69.1%
Intermediate MPC SGS Junior College, Cherial 2014 86.5% SSC Shubhodhaya High
School, Cherial
2012 93%
Quality Control (QC) EMPLOYMENT HISTORY:
Cognizant Technologies: September 2021 to Till Date. Personal Details:
Date of Birth : 21 November 1996.
Linguistic Proficiency : English and Telugu.
Preferred Location : Hyderabad.
Declaration:
I hereby declare that the above information is true to the best of my knowledge.
-Anusha Eppakayala
Contact this candidate