ad3x0m@r.postjobfree.com
m
957-***-****
Pune, India
linkedin.com/in/ Ankush-
Wasankar
SKILLS
LANGUAGES
English
Native or Bilingual Proﬁciency
Hindi
Native or Bilingual Proﬁciency
Marathi
Native or Bilingual Proﬁciency
PROJECT DETAILS
Program Test Automation Manager & Agile Release Train Engineer 04/2020 - Present Pune, India
Roles & Responsibilities
Program Test Manager - Test Planning, Strategy deﬁnition, Implementation, Tracking & Reporting.
Automation Test Specialist/Consultant - API & BDD Implementation, CI-CD, helping automation Engineer/s for removing technical issues, Improve automation test coverage, Agile Release Train (ART) Engineer - Facilitate testing activities, Functional & Non-Functional requirement testing & execution, Participate in Scrum of scrum (SoS) and release activities. Test Data Creation & Management - Creation and updating of existing data for testing purpose and management, SQL queries & Tool’s creation & Update. Test Automation Consultant
05/2019 - 04/2020 Pune, India
Roles and responsibilities
Automation Test Consultant- Automation Framework Up-gradation - BDD based Framework Core Java, Selenium Web- Driver, J-Behave, Cucumber and Serenity. Framework Development- Maintenance of existing framework, Execution and Failure Analysis, Reporting etc.
Defect Management- Participate in defect triage meetings and retesting and regression. Senior Automation Engineer
12/2015 - 05/2019 Pune, India
Roles and responsibilities
Engaged in Automation Testing entailing Test Planning, Test Design, Test Execution and Defect Reporting & Tracking.
Transformation of existing Scripts/Framework from UFT/QTP to Selenium based BOUNTY Framework (Core Java, Selenium Web-Driver, Test-NG, Junit etc.) Automation Tasks (Scripting, debugging, execution, failure analysis and reporting), Performance enhancement, Test Coverage improvement. Automation Engineer
07/2012 - 12/2015 Pune, India
Roles and responsibilities
Use of VB Script, User Deﬁned Functions, Descriptive Programming, File-System-Object, Excel Object along with Framework development.
Creating Automated Components for automation of test cases using UFT/QTP and HP ALM/QC Automation Tasks (Scripting, debugging, execution, failure analysis and reporting), Performance enhancement, Test Coverage improvement. Ankush Wasankar
Test Automation Specialist, Test Manager & Agile Release Train Engineer To utilize my interpersonal skills and technical experience & skill of Quality Assurance and delivering professionally and personally, by learning diﬀerent value at workplace, thus contributing API Automation
BDD TDD
Test Data Management
VB script
Selenium TestNG
Maven Cucumber
Database Testing
Functional Testing
Device Testing
AUTOMATION
FRAMEWORK
BOUNTY framework
Selenium Web-Driver &amp,
TestNG Framework
JBehave Serenity based-BDD
framework
Selenium WebDriver &amp,
JBehave Serenity based
Framework
Cucumber based-BDD
framework
Selenium WebDriver &amp,
Cucumber based Framework
GTAF framework
QTP Framework
BPT framework
QTP Framework
INTEREST
SOFT SKILLS
Business Skills
Expertise in business
communication
Presentation Skills
Expertise in documentations and
Emails
Communication Skills
Expertise in all form of
communications
ORGANIZATIONS
Credit Suisse (05/2020 - Present)
Exempt Non Oﬃcer
HSBC Technology India (05/2019 - 05/2020)
Senior Software Engineer
Cognizant Technology Solutions (12/2015 - 05/2019) Associate
Tata Consultancy Solutions (07/2012 - 12/2015)
System Engineer
PROJECT DETAILS
Credit Digitization Program: Flow Lending platform 05/2020 - Present
The End-to-end Credit digitization program is joint initiative between Swiss Universal Bank (SUB) and risk function including IT and operations, to provides capabilities for standard mortgages & corporate loans for all swiss domiciled private and corporate clients and prospects so that they will experience signiﬁcantly quicker decision time & an enhanced proposition.
Automated mortgage (AMOR) tool that gives relation managers capability to issue a ﬁrm oﬀer for a mortgage in a few minutes to clients as well as prospects.
Online credits (OLC) for Corporate clients
OPS: Document’s upload, automated reading and processing, based on machine learning
An automated decision engine for automatic underwriting
Online Leasing and Insurance providers for Leasing HSBC-net: React Migration
06/2019 - 05/2020
HSBC-net is widely used commercial banking application across the world providing below services:
e-Solutions for trade operations
Global Liquidity and Cash Management solutions FX Prime Services
Global Liquidity Funds Portal Global Trade Solutions Global Markets Securities Services
Standard Settlement Instruction Documents Cash Management Solutions Market Data & Research: SCC (Single Client Channel) 01/2018 - 05/2019
SCC provides excellent platform for online banking platform with private & corporate banking transactions. Market data and research program has been created to take care of demands of private clients, generic users and also get in sync with existing market trends. MDR provides detail information regarding below ﬁnancial instruments from 100+ exchanges:
Equity, Equity Index, Commodity, Foreign Exchange, Bond, ETF, Fund, Hedge Fund, Structured products, Options, Futures.
Along with this MDR provides below user speciﬁes functionalities:
Virtual portfolio, Setting Alerts and Notiﬁcation, watch-list & research. IPRE-LSS: Income Producing Real Estate & Loan Syndication & Securitization
01/2017 - 12/2017
LSS is the UI platform for the Pool manager to manage the various Funds from the single UI. It Provides below screens and functionalities to the pool manager:
Preprocessing
Marketplace
Portfolio
Support Page
Reports
Cycling
Reading
Playing Volleyball
Tools
DOMAIN
iPrice
01/2016 - 12/2016
iPrice is the pricing application for credits at Credit Suisse Switzerland. The main functions of application are:
Searching and displaying basic customer and credit data.
Calculation and administration of product proposal as well as generating the PDF-docs.
Calculation and administration of deﬁnitive interest rates and exit costs of credits.
Calculating and providing ﬁnal costing data for the central product controlling.
Calculation and preliminary costing for of indicative interest rates and generating PDF- documents of Calculation of indicative exit costs (Early repayment penalty).
Doing preliminary costing based on deﬁnitive interest rates and product proposal as well as creating request for special conditions (Corporate only). Advantage Fee: Fee Billing Migration
08/2014 - 12/2015
Fiserv - Advantage Fee is the Fee Billing solution for RBC WM globally.
Fee Valuation / Calculation & Fee Preview
Fee Booking, Taxation & Commission Revenue
Oﬀset Opening, Transaction Fees & Final Fees
Fee Billing Group & Fee Charge Adjustments
Online Displays & Fee Summary Letters
Group Solution Sponsor Database: Group Advantage
08/2013 - 07/2014
RBC Group Advantage is a comprehensive program that delivers key components to take care of employees’ overall ﬁnancial needs. From retirement savings and investments to everyday banking.
This requires migration of existing data from Outlook to SQL server and development of a collaborative modules and database entity to support the new enhancements.
Adding a new functionality or enhancing an existing functionality would require the development of new modules and testing the same when all the changes related to the application is completed then the System testing will be performed & the code will be moved for production Environment.
This is also including the interface testing with the existing application. Automation of OBIS: Online Brokerage and Insurances System
01/2013 - 07/2013
It is a web-based online application which consists of three main areas: Direct Investing, Dominion Securities, and Wealth Management.
Direct Investing - It is used by the clients to perform trade in Stocks, Options, Mutual Funds and Fixed Income. Also, client can transfer funds from one account to other
Dominion Securities - This application mainly used by the Investment Advisor as to give support to DI clients.
Wealth Management – This application is used only by High Net-Worth Individuals as those are the clients of RBC.
Retail Banking
Investment Banking
Payment
Commercial Banking
HP Application Lifecycle
Management (ALM)
POSTMAN MS Oﬃce
DB2
DBeaver
J-Behave
Micro focus Uniﬁed
Functional Testing (UFT)
Cucumber
IntelliJ IDEA
Selenium
TestNG Maven
Wealth Management
Beyond Compare
Mortgages & Lending
Services
PERSONAL
DETAILS
Date of Birth
26th Sept.1990
Nationality
Indian
Passport Number
K6324378
Notice Period
2 Months
CERTIFICATES
ISTQB - ISEB Certiﬁed Tester Foundation Level Certiﬁcation.
NCFM - Financial Markets & Equity Derivatives Beginner’s Module Certiﬁcation.
TCS - Certiﬁcate in Wealth Management, Capital Markets, Retail Banking.
Functions & Delivery Channels and Certiﬁcate in Software Testing Skills. AWARDS AND ACHIEVEMENTS
Pillar of month Award - Quick Automation Implementation - Credit Suisse.
Part of "Best Team Award" - On-time stressing delivery - Credit Suisse.
On the Spot Award - Best performance in the team.
Appreciation mails and Recognition from management and clients Appreciation mails and Recognition from management and clients.
EDUCATION
Bachelor of Engineering (Computer Science)
PRMITR Badnera, Amravati, Maharashtra (SGBAU University) 06/2008 - 05/2012 61.31%
H.S.C (12th)
State Board Maharashtra
06/2007 - 06/2008 80.33%
S.S.C (10th)
State Board Maharashtra
05/2005 - 06/2006 80.53%
Contact this candidate