Mengist Teshale
303-***-**** ad4fbi@r.postjobfree.com

SOFTWARE, FIRMWARE, HARDWARE, TEST, QA, SYSTEM ENGINEER

Guided test groups across the globe (India, Singapore, USA). Defined test requirements. Ensured that all test requirements were accurately implemented and meticulously executed. Followed the test process from start to finish. Managed several test activities simultaneously. Reported defects and worked with development to recreate failures and verify fixes. Apprised management of test progress and readiness of product under test. Motivated, delegated, and created a win-win environment.

CORE COMPETENCIES

Leadership Firmware Design Verification Test (DVT) System Verification Test Manager (SVT)
New Features Validation Functional Stability Integration Performance Regression
Backup/Restore Certification National & International Engagement Test Automation
Requirements Management Requirement-Based Testing Shift-left Validation Testing
Agile Methodologies Manual Testing Process Improvements Problem Resolution Dependability VMWare vSphere RAID Storage Tape Storage Python PERL Shell SAN Linux Fibre Channel iSCSI NAS Cloud ALM PyTest Github JFrog HPE MSA SAN Storage

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Terumo BCT Contract - Software Test Engineer 2023-Present
Conduct software testing for a regulated medical device. Testing is done following test cases developed to satisfy user and regulatory requirements. Use both internal and external tools to perform tests and analyze results. External tools include Application Lifecycle Management (ALM), Pytest, Github, JFrog Artifactory. The internal tool decrypts and displays the contents of the medical device’s run logs. Testing occurs within the Linux operating system. Test results are recorded in a validated testing tool (ALM).

Seagate Corporation Staff Software Test Engineer 2014-2023
Coordinated the system test across the globe. Introduced new ideas and brought consistency across the three DVT organizations in test development, execution, status delivery, and reporting.
Executed multiple test activities in parallel such as controllers early bring-up, feature verification, functional, reliability, performance tests product certification for multiple projects.
Planned and negotiated resources with internal team members and sister departments.
Engaged in continuous assessment of resources and workload across all regions.
Established the Feature Verification Test (FVT) process from scratch. The FVT process enabled the shift-left process, allowing DVT testing to be reduced by 35%. With the FVT implementation of distributed work assignments, more resources were freed to be used in other areas.
Replaced manual spreadsheet-based requirement tracing process with R4J. R4J captured requirements from the Marketing Requirement Design (MRD), Engineering Requirement Design (ERD), Development, and Testing Implementation (EPICs and Stories). The requirements remain open until the EPICs and Stories are closed by the test group.
Applied the EazyBI reporting tool that delivered live test statuses. The EazBI statuses were utilized by the core team and then delivered to customers, namely HPE, Dell, and Veritas.
Formed the automated test execution team to engage with the System Test Automation group.
Engaged with Agile methodology in collaboration with the system firmware group. Enforced team participation.
Led a review board for test plans, test procedures, and test cases that were agreed upon by stakeholders, that include DE (Design Engineer), test architects and firmware developers.
Established a Test Escape analysis Process which involved going over customer issues, finding out the root cause, and enhancing the test process.

Hitachi Corporation Test Automation Engineer 2012-2014
Participated in the test automation using Python, developed test cases from Use Cases, built virtualized test infrastructure using VMware vSphere and Hitachi HNAS Unified Storage Platforms.
Contributed the test automation effort, wrote standard, negative and edge test cases using Python -
Interfacing with VMware, RESTful HTTP/WSDL (Web Services Description Language) API for VASA (vSphere API for Storage Awareness) and Virtual Volume (VVol) project.

Quantum Corporation Senior Test Engineer 2009-2012
Worked four distinct Quantum product system tests: the Quantum libraries, Quantum DXis, IBM/HP/Quantum LTO tape drives, and Quantum Enterprise Vision management software.
Administrate the SVT test activities on the Quantum storage products (libraries/DXi) against OSs (Windows, UNIX and LINUX) and ISVs (Symantec NetBackup and BackupExec, IBM Tivoli Storage Manager - TSM, HP Data Protector, EMC NetWorker, CommVault Simpana, CA ARCserve, Microsoft Data Protection Manager, Quantum StorNext).
Assured that the test strategy, test plan, test procedures, test cases, weekly test statuses, and final test reports were presented and completed in a timely manner for each product testing.
Engaged in test planning and execution of OSs, ISV Backups, HBA certification, customer issue resolution, and Quantum drives certification with Microsoft WHCK.
Encouraged team members to complete test tasks with quality and accuracy. Maintained attention to detail on all assignments, which minimized test escapes.
Participated in designing and developing test automation for Quantum Vision products.
Represented the system test team in multi-departmental and companywide meetings.
Communicated and collaborated with OEM vendors (HP and DELL) on system testing efforts.
Encouraged team members and team leads to become the department’s spokesperson in their respective products.

EDUCATION & CREDENTIALS

Bachelor of Science, Electrical Engineering (BSEE) – University of Washington, Seattle, WA

LinkedIn and Sololearn Courses

SQL Essential Training by Walter Shields (Completed), AWS Essential Training by Jeremy Villeneuve (Completed),
Postman Essential Training (Completed), Leaning REST APIs (Completed), Sololearn Python Developer (Completed)
Contact this candidate