Lakshmi Parvathi Busani
Mobile: +1-713-***-****
Email: ad4ia9@r.postjobfree.com

Highlights of my Experience:

* + years of experience in Software Testing of the projects that require both Manual and Automation testing of UI and API.
Strong knowledge and working experience on projects that followed SAFe Agile and Agile (Scrum)
Rich experience in all phases of Software Testing Life Cycle like Test plan design. Test cases design, Test Execution, Defect Reporting and Test Summary Report Preparation.
Strong experience in analyzing, understanding the requirements and prepare a test strategy plan for the release.
Strong experience in Release planning or PI Planning from QA Test execution standpoint.
Hands on experience in Providing User story estimations
Working experience with Atlassian tools such as Jira and Confluence.
Hands on experience in performing API testing using Postman and SOAPUI and Splunk.
Hands on experience using API automation framework with Axios library with WebDriver IO and Rest Assured/cucumber (BDD)
Good knowledge on querying JSON data and find JSON elements using JSONPATH
Experienced in validating and sending requests for different types of HTTP methods like GET, POST, DELETE and PUT for REST API
Strong knowledge and experience in understanding JSON and XML representations
Solod understanding of OAuth (Open Authorization) authentication protocol
Solid understanding of different status codes in API response.
Hands on experience on SOAP API testing
Solid understanding of XML, WSDL and SOAP protocols.
Hands on experience with Splunk application to validate the API request and Response logs.
Hands on experience in querying the Splunk for different services and consumers in different environments.
Hands on experience in creation of Test design, Test Plan for REST and SOAP API testing.
Hands on experience on Angular automation framework Web driver IO, used JavaScript/Typescripts and Cucumber to automate the test cases
Hands on experience using Node NPM commands for the framework set up.
Hands on experience in Protractor automation framework using Typescript to automate the Test scenarios for Angular JS frontend applications.
Proficient in writing test scripts using Gherkin Language
Good experience in finding the web elements using different Locators (XPath, CSS, id, Link text).
Good experience in automation framework models like Page Object Model and Data Driven Framework.
Good experience in using GIT code repository.
Strong experience in creating pull requests, committing the code to GIT repo.
Strong experience in reviewing the automation scripts created by peers.
Hands on experience on automation framework like Selenium/Web driver, used Java, Cucumber to automate the Test scenarios for frontend applications.
Strong Knowledge on Java and OOPs concepts.
Experience in continuous integration tool like Jenkins to achieve the continuous testing by setting up the Scheduled Jobs for Smoke test, Sanity test and Regression testing pipelines.
Used ALM and JIRA as Test Management Tools.
Used JIRA as Defect Management Tool.
Good knowledge in SQL scripting to fetch the required test data for the test scenarios.
Strong knowledge on Microsoft Azure and AWS cloud computing fundamentals, Azure SQL.
Strong working experience with Onshore-Offshore model.
Strong experience in preparing Test Metrics and report to the stakeholders on regular basis.
Support UAT testing team as required

Personal Strengths:
Excellent communication, analytical and problem solving, planning and organizational skills and strong interpersonal skills
Proficient in grasping new technical concepts and utilizing them in an effective manner
Passionate about challenges & adaptive for any work pressure

TECHNICAL SKILLS

FUNCTIONAL
TECHNOLOGY
Software development life cycle methodologies: SAFe, Agile Scrum
Requirements definition and functional specifications.
Test Planning and Test Strategy
Test Metrics
End to End testing and user acceptance testing.

Databases: Oracle and SQL server
Operating Systems: Windows
Automation Testing Frameworks: Selenium Java, Protractor, Web driver IO-typescript, VS Code, IntelliJ, Cucumber
API Testing Tools: Postman, Splunk, SOAPUI
Test Management Tool: HP Application Lifecycle management (ALM), JIRA, Confluence
Bug Tracking Tools: ALM and JIRA
Configuration Management tool: GIT
CI/CD Tool: Jenkins

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Project 1:

Client
TIAA (Teachers Insurance Annuity Association)
Project Name
Beneficiary Settlement
Location
Houston, TX
Duration
Mar 2021 to till Date
Role
Senior QA Automation Engineer (API and Web Applications Testing)
Project Description
Beneficiary Settlement Research is used to perform the research on Beneficiaries of the primary account holder if the account holder is deceased. The Beneficiary can be Trust or Individuals like spouse, daughter or whoever has been nominated by the primary account holder. The System is used by TIAA customer service professionals to track the death details, beneficiary details, contract allocations and research.

Roles/Responsibilities:
Attend daily Scrum/Agile standup meetings with the team to discuss status
Participate in Sprint planning, Review Sessions and all Scrum Ceremonies.
Participate in business analysis stand up meetings and plan the QA work for Current PI and Future PI.
Collaborated with. cross-functional teams to ensure API integration and compatibility.
Provide the user story points in the Requirement and Refinement sessions
Prepare Test Strategy for a given release, make it reviewed and approved by all stakeholders
Identify test data for the user stories assigned for a given sprint. Use SQL queries, DART tool as required.
Identify the test cases that can be automated/cannot be automated
Design the API Test cases and manually perform test execution using different tools like ‘Postman’, SOAPUI and Splunk for REST APIs body and different status codes
Automate the API Test cases using Axios library with WebDriver IO and REST Assured-Java/Cucumber BDD framework
Execute the API tests manually using Splunk application request and response logs.
Validate the API responses using JSON response body and status codes.
Report if any defects identified.
Design the UI automation test scripts using WebDriver IO and Cucumber framework.
Locate the web element using ID, name, class name, CSS selector and XPATH while creating automation script.
Design the Manual test cases if the test scenario cannot be automated.
Upload the test cases in ALM (Application life cycle Management Tool)
Map the test cases with the requirements from ALM Requirements Module to Test plan Module. This activity creates the Requirement traceability Matrix
Identify the priority of the test cases based on the priority set by the business team for a functionality
Identify regression test cases for the release and tag them with a special tag @regression name so that they can be executed as required.
Perform Test execution of the automation test scripts and Manual test cases for a given user story /functionality
Perform Cross and Parallel Browser testing on different browsers like Internet Explorer, Safari, Chrome and Firefox
Conduct the defect triage meeting and involve all the relevant stakeholders to set the priority of the defect
Provide Support to the UAT as required.
Perform the Integration and Regression testing to check new functionality doesn't break the existing functionality of the application.
Log the defects and assign them to the relevant developer in JIRA. Retest and close the defects once they are fixed.
Generate the report and Excel file with status for the automation scripts as per the requirements.
Integrate the automation test scripts with CI tools like Jenkins and execute the build.
Regularly check the status of sanity and Smoke Testing Pipeline execution results and fix if any errors or test data issues in automation.
Commit the automation test scripts developed in local to a GIT branch.
Review and merge the PRs created by the team members for the automation scripts developed
Send the status reports and QA metrics with relevant stakeholders on weekly basis

Environment: Typescript, WebDriver IO, Cucumber, Visual Studio Code, JavaScript, GIT, Node Package Manager (NPM), Jenkins, Excel JS library, AXIOS API automation library, Postman, SOAPUI, Splunk, JIRA, Confluence, HP ALM.

Project 2:

Client
TIAA,
Location
Houston, TX
Project Name
IFA (Individual Financial Advisor)
Duration
Jan 2019 To Feb 2021
Role
Quality Engineer (API and WEB Application)
Project Description
IFA (Individual Financial Advisor) is an application used by TIAA Financial Advisors to service the participants assigned them. IFA can do allocation, rebalance, Transfer funds (ART) on behalf participant, also perform bulk transactions to process the similar transactions requested my multiple participants.

Roles/Responsibilities:
Participate in PI Planning, Sprint Planning, User story Refinement and daily Stand-up meetings
Provide the user story points in the User story Refinement sessions
Analyze the User stories, design test cases both manually and automate the Test cases using Selenium
Prepare Test plan, get it reviewed and approved by the relevant stake holders.
Create Test Data for the given user stories and make it ready for the test execution once the code is deployed,
Execute API test cases using Postman.
Execute API test scripts and report if there are any defects identified.
Prepare Test scripts using Selenium Web driver (Automation tool) with java for Functional Test cases.
Prioritize the test cases as per the priority set by the business team for a given release
Create and Execute the automation test scripts and Manual test scripts.
Execute the regression Test suite using Selenium Web Driver.
Hands on Experience in Customized automation framework using Selenium WebDriver, TestNG, Cucumber and implemented Page Object model and Data driven framework.
Log the defects in JIRA if there are any defects identified during the test execution and assign it to relevant developer.
Perform failure Analysis for the regression/functional failed cases using Selenium.
Conduct the defect triage meetings with all the relevant stake holders.
Organize weekly meetings with Client leads & Onsite manager regarding the Automation status.
Involved in Preparation of Traceability Matrix and mapping the Test Cases with the requirements to make sure every requirement is mapped to at least one test case
Perform Regression Testing as part of every build to make sure the build is stable
Support UAT testing team as required. Provide test data, clarify the functional queries.

Environment: Windows, Java, SQL, Oracle, Selenium (WebDriver)/Java, TestNG, Cucumber, Extent Reports, Eclipse, Firefox, IE, Chrome, Safari.

Project 3:

Client
TIAA
Location
Charlotte, TX
Project Name
My TIAA
Duration
December 2014 To Dec 2018
Role
Test Engineer
Project Description
MYTIAA is an application used by TIAA participants (customers) to login and check their retirement account balances. Perform allocation, Transfer, Rebalance of the asserts. Participant can also withdrawal the funds and apply for loan based on the fund’s availability. Participant can check the Transaction History

Roles/Responsibilities:
Analyzing the Business Requirement Document
Create and review - Test scenarios, Test suite preparation, Test Data creation, Test case execution and Defect logging.
Wrote automation scripts using Selenium web driver.
Preparation of Test scripts using Selenium Web driver (Automation tool) with java for Functional Test cases.
Automating the regression & project cases using Selenium.
Performing Failure Analysis for the regression failed cases.
Organize weekly meetings with Client leads & Onsite manager regarding the Automation status.
Review - Defect prevention plan and Software configuration management plan.
Responsible for all aspects of project deliver
Involved Preparation of Traceability Matrix and mapping the Test Cases with the requirements and
Performed Regression Testing as part of every build.
Developed SQL Queries for testing various Database validations.

Environment: Windows, Java, SQL, Oracle, Selenium (WebDriver), TestNG/Java, Eclipse, Firefox, IE, Chrome, Safari.
Contact this candidate