Anatoly Semenov
Mobile: 754-***-****
Email: ad5fog@r.postjobfree.com
SQA Engineer

Professional Summary

Over 8 years of experience with all phases of software testing including functional testing, regression testing, smoke testing, sanity testing, ed-hog testing, API testing, GUI testing, exploratory testing manually and using test automation tools
Strong knowledge of the SDLC, QA testing process.
Testing Web-based and mobile applications backend and front-end.
Participating in entire QA life cycle.
Analysis and understanding complex test requirements and other documentation.
Writing Test Plans and Test Cases based on business requirements and other documentation.
Using bug tracking system: Jira, AzureDevops.
Using a combination of manual and automated QA test methods and adjusting test strategies to meet desired goals.
Executed test cases manually and automated testing using Selenium and Appium.
Testing API using Postman.
Strong knowledge of BDD model and Gherkin / Cucumber scripting
Experiencing with backend test automation of microservices, RESTful APIs
Writing SQL queries for Backend testing with the database.
Testing mobile applications on Android and iOS devices and simulators.
Creating a new automation framework from the scratch.
Using functional programming language Java.
Full understanding of OOP conception.
Experiencing with working in a Agile environment and CI/CD.
Strong communication skills.
Strong analytical skills.
Experiencing with using Charles Proxy.

Professional Experience:
Morgan Stanley
09.2021-present
Mobile Automation Engineer
Responsibilities:
Write automated test code in Java, using the same standards as a Software Engineer, that allows for repeatable, reliable testing solutions to test the wide functionality of products and software
Maintain automation codebase in a version control system (GIT).
Create automated testing documentation, including Test Plans, Test Summary Reports etc.
Perform code reviews of automation scripts and front-end codebases.
Diagnose and repair complex bugs within production code .
Serve as a guide and mentor for junior-level engineers. Provide technical leadership and consultation with regards to practices, procedures, and techniques.
Plan, deploy and manage the testing effort for any given engagement
Deploy and manage resources for testing
Review test plans to ensure that all steps have been completed and all requirements have been met before approving test plans for execution
Communicate with other project team members such as analysts, developers regarding project status, issues, or concerns
Conduct research on new technologies to determine their application in future projects
Coordinate activities with vendors and other external parties involved in the testing process
Coordinate with business/stakeholders to determine project goals and objectives, and scheduling tests accordingly
Monitor progress throughout the test cycle to ensure that milestones are met
Conduct tests on software applications and computer systems to identify issues and find solutions
Create a test approach, identifying scope of testing with risk-based approach for each feature or scope of work in a project effort identifying test environments, dependencies, constraints, prioritizing test cases and scheduling time for the testing.
Responsible for ensuring end to end testing methodology including all appropriate documentation and requirements.
Set up software for projects per specs
Ensure test results are accurate, thorough and appropriately documented.
Communicates results and coordinates logistics to the Systems Analysts, Developers, and other key IT staff and leadership as appropriate.
Documents problems or results inconsistent with expected results.
Perform quality assurance tests on all work and performs detailed analysis on test results.
Set up and execute complex scripts independently.
Create and execute automated test scripts using Android Studio and Appium.
Participate in requirements gathering sessions or solicits information on incomplete requirements.
Create and update existing QA documentation
Build and scale CI/CD automation pipelines
Perform and verify executions of test cases on Sauce Labs
Manage the end-to-end testing process including test execution, defect management, and reporting of test results
Collaborate with cross-functional teams to ensure that testing is aligned with business objectives, technical requirements, and project timelines
Define and maintain testing standards and procedures to ensure consistency and best practices
Evaluate and implement testing tools and technologies to improve testing efficiency and effectiveness
Maintain and enhance large regression automation suites on daily basis using Test Metrics and Report Portal
Monitor and report test metrics to other stakeholders

CellForce LLC.Jupiter.FL
01.2021-09.2021
Sr Software Engineer
Responsibilities:
Develop, execute, and maintain acceptance, integration, and system tests.
Collaborate with Product Owners and Developers to develop effective test strategies, test cases, develop the test automation framework and process.
Executing and analyzing test results and reporting performance, load, and other issues using issues management tool
Use Pushbullet for testing SMS services
Work independently on larger, moderately complex projects and assignments
Work independently and as part of an Agile development team using superior time management to triage issues and prioritize tasks
Work to achieve day-to-day objectives with moderate impact on the area/ project team
Work with cross-functional teams to ensure quality throughout the software development life-cycle
Discover, report, and track testing issues
Explain technical solutions, practices and procedures to others within the organization.
Address somewhat complex technical issues/problems using internal best practice and through collaboration with colleagues
Develop solutions to technical problems that require depth of technical knowledge, but are typically limited in complexity
Conduct post-release and post-implementation testing
Work with SaaS platform
Work knowledge of and ability to apply standards, principles, theories, concepts, and techniques in the technical domain
Responsible for implementation and maintenance of automated test frameworks and scenarios
Work with QA team and Developers to ensure that all aspects of the applications have proper testing coverage and overall system reliability, performance, and quality
Deliver effective and efficient automated testing solutions by meeting key product milestones and overall deliverables on-time while adhering to development and quality standards
Develop and manage best practices with respect to test data required for automated test scenarios
Perform testing using a variety of methodologies, including manual,ed-hog,sanity, exploratory and automated
Create, maintain, and execute test cases, test plans, test scripts and other documentation
Detect and track software defects and inconsistencies
Review, analyze and supplement requirement specifications, and ensure maximum test coverage
Work with the scrum team and product owner to build release plans while documenting feature contents of releases along with tracking the status and changes to the release points
Collaborate with the scrum team and customers to communicate releases
Maintain existing and create additional test suites pipeline in Jenkins CI/CD

QA Engineer
Royal Caribbean Cruises LTD. Miami, FL
08.2019 –01.2021

Responsibilities:
Created Testing environments and automation frameworks for Web and Mobile app.
Maintenance the current Test Environment in IntelliJ using Java.
Creating scripts using Java and IntelliJ IDEA.
End to end and regression testing software releases.
Writing functional test plans, test cases, and other testing documentation.
Identified issues and engage with developers in their resolution.
Work with cross-functional groups to ensure requirements are met.
Work independently as well as interactively with other associates on typical cross-functional teams and assignments.
Participated in Scrums and other team meetings and discussions.
Performed Functional and API testing.
Analysis test results reports and test case results and determining causes and created detailed and comprehensive defects reports.
Performed Automation testing for Web and mobile applications.
Executed test cases manually and in automated testing using Selenium and Appium.
Participated in Deployments.
Participated in Software testing in all stages of Software Lifecycle.
Responsible for verifying fixed bugs in new releases and support.
Maintenance and support exist automation framework.
Maintain Scripts in between releases. Reproduce manually Failures reported by automated scripts.
Create a new automation framework from the scratch.
Assist in the preparation and review of performance test results report, final deliverables including the overall findings and recommendations of performance engineering projects.
Understand and promote the concept of performance engineering during all phases of the SDLC, to deliver performance certified applications to deployment teams.
Writing scripts for automated test cases from Jira in Java for web apps and for mobile apps.
Participated in analyzing the user/business requirements, functional specifications, and use case documents to create the Test Plans and Test cases for System testing.
Analyzed test results reports and test case results and determining causes and created detailed and comprehensive defects reports.
Communicate team goals (formal and informal), expectations, organizational philosophies, and policies and procedures to the functional team.
Using continuous integration tool Jenkins.
Generated and automated various Daily status, weekly reports, and Monthly and Quarterly reports.

Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings LTD. Miami, FL
QA Analyst
08.2017 –08.2019

Responsibilities:

Interacting with developers and business users to communicate the defects and actively participated in replicating the bugs and performed regression testing using JIRA.
Created Test Data using SQL
Wrote SQL queries for back-end testing.
Coordinated Acceptance Test processes and documented and addressed all the issues during the process.
Interacted with the development configuration and operation team to ensure the quality of software to user expectations.
Verifying the integration of various components in the application and executed end-to-end testing.
Creating, executing Test Suits, and maintained documentation of test results.
Monitoring and tracked defects/risks and managed through resolution using Jira.
Executing validation test data using Salesforce.
Performing queries for data validation in SQL statements.
Analysis test results reports and test case results and determining causes and created detailed and comprehensive defects reports.
Maintenance the current Test Environment in IntelliJ using Java.
Executing user acceptance testing (UAT).
Analysis of the information needs and functional requirements to deliver effective solutions from information gained from the technical team and business owners.
Generated defect status reports, QA status reports, Risk Analysis documents, Requirements Traceability reports, Test Execution, and test results summary reports.
Creating detailed test cases and executing them.
Implementing the test case and test process with project time frames.
Testing cross-browser functionality of browser as well such as Internet Explorer, Chrome, Safari.
the implementation of automated Functional and Regression tests using Selenium in the framework.
Performed and monitored live applications and assisted in first-line application support.
Worked closely with business analysts and developers.
Followed software development life-cycle process.

ValleyTek Solutions - Software Development Consulting. San Jose, CA
Software QA Tester
01.2015 –07.2017

Responsibilities:
Interacted with developers and business analysts to communicate the defects and actively participated in replicating the bugs and performed regression testing using Jira.
Coordinated Acceptance Test processes and documented and addressed all the issues during the process.
Interacted with the development configuration and operation team to ensure the quality of software to user expectations.
Verified the integration of various components in the application and executed end-to-end testing.
Participated in Release Review/Requirement Analysis and Design review meetings.
Testing of new functionality and enhancements, regression testing, system end-to-end testing, functionality testing.
Created, executed Test Suits, and maintained documentation of test results.
Executing Boundary, Smoke and Regression tests to test the stability and usability of software application under test.
Monitored and tracked defects/risks and managed through resolution using Jira.
Analyzed test results reports and test case results and determining causes and created detailed and comprehensive defects reports.
Checked the response of the application, when more than certain amounts of users are using the application at the same time.
Involved in project planning, coordination, and implemented QA methodology.
Involved in Smoke, Functional, Regression, testing.
Tested cross-browser functionality.
Followed software development life-cycle process.
Participated in various meetings and discussed Enhancements and Modification Request issues.

Technical Skills:
Platforms: Windows, Mac OS X, Unix/Linux, Saas
Mobile platforms: iOS, Android
Programming: HTML, Java, SQL, Gherkin, Cucumber
Test Automation: Selenium WebDriver, IntelliJ IDEA, Appium
Bug Tracking: Jira, Salesforce, Confluence
Databases: MySQL, Cassandra, Oracle, DB2
Browsers: Chrome, Firefox, Safari, I E.
Tools: Chrome dev tools, Jenkins, Postman, Docker, AWS, Jira, BDD,WebDriver,
AndroidStudio, Browserstack, Experitest, Git, Bitbucket, Xcode, Visual Studio
TestNG, Junit, Maven, AzureDevops, Charles Proxy, SauceLabs, SonarQube

Education:
BS in Engineering, Tver Technical University, Tver, Russia 2006
Software Computer School, Los Altos CA.
Contact this candidate