Dana Son
Gambrills, MD
Phone: 571-***-****
ad5lk8@r.postjobfree.com
Work Status: US Citizen

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Over 6+ Years of experience as a QA Automation Engineer - SDET, extensively worked on Manual, Automation Testing of Web Based applications.
Excellent knowledge and implementation skills in complete Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) and Software Testing Life Cycle (STLC).
Experience with Selenium TestNG TDD and Cucumber BDD frameworks.
Database testing experience with proficiency in writing medium complexity SQL Queries.
Preferably having experience in Functional testing of Investment and Asset Management applications, with Client Onboarding, Trading, Asset Servicing, Transfer money, etc.
Experience in UI and customer driver testing on applications based on React and Angular.
Experience in mobile apps test automation experience in Android and/or iOS, Web, API
Experience in software test automation, including creation and deployment of frameworks and design and maintenance of test automation
At least 2 years of API Automation Testing.
Experience with agile development methodology
Experience with Cl/CD pipelines using tools such as GitHub, Jenkins, JUnit, Selenium, Cucumber, etc.
Experience with Test Driven Development (TDD), BDD Behavior Driven Development, and Agile (XP)
Experience with Test processes, open-source test frameworks, test design strategies, writing test cases, and automating tests in Java with frameworks like JUnit/TestNG, Selenium, JMeter and Appium.
Expertise in understanding Business Requirement Specifications, Functional Specifications and Design documentations and converting them into Test Scenarios. Worked on JavaScript, Protractor, Cypress to automate angular JS applications and performing Regression testing.
Experience in Selenium, REST Assured, Cucumber, Java, Junit.
Create and review test plans, test cases, and test data.
Worked in building automation scripts and frameworks using Selenium Web driver with Java, Python, Python Robot.
Experience in Core Java, development by applying different concepts like OOPS concepts, Collections, Strings, Exception handling, Multithreading, etc. and experience in JavaScript.
Experience in testing on REST services using Postman and Tested both XML and JSON formats.
Developed and maintained automated test scripts for Regression testing using POM framework with Java, Selenium WebDriver and TESTNG.
Used Appium tool to test automation test scripts on both IOS and Android platforms for native and mobile websites on mobile devices.
Experienced in developing VB scripts in Quick Test Pro (QTP/UFT) to perform Functional, Regression, System and end-to-end testing.
Proficient in the Web Debugging Tools like Firebug, Fire path and Xpath to run WebDriver script in stable condition.
Sound knowledge on Junit, TestNG framework for Unit testing, Maven for Project building tool, Jenkins/Hudson/Bamboo for Continuous Integration.
Developed an automated scripts and frame works using Java.
Expertise in Problem solving and Defect Tracking Tools like HP ALM/Quality Center, Jira, Bug Zilla, Microsoft Team Foundation Server (TFS).
Expertise in performing Android Emulators & IOS Simulators for Mobile Automation Testing using Appium for Native, Hybrid and Web Based mobile applications.
Experience in Selenium Robot Framework for automation of the application.
Management and design of integrated build pipelines using continuous integration workflows such as Jira, GIT, Bamboo, Jenkins.
Experience with source version control tools such as Subversion (SVN), TFS, Git and Bitbucket.
Knowledge of Web Development technologies in general, including HTML, JSON, CSS, JavaScript, AJAX & XML.

TESTING SKILLS

Test Framework
Behavior Driven Framework, Data Driven Framework, Page Object Model (POM)
Testing Tools
Selenium IDE/WebDriver
Language
JAVA, JavaScript, SQL, Gherkin, JSON
Build Tool
Maven
Web Technologies
HTML, CSS, AJAX & XML
Task Management Tool
Jira, GIT, Bamboo, Jenkins
Databases
Oracle Database, JDBC API
IDE
Eclipse, IntelliJ
Processes
Agile-Scrum, Waterfall
Operating System
Windows(XP, Vista & 7,8), macOS

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Software Test Automation Engineer
May 2022 - Present
TCS/CITI Bank
Gambrills, MD
Performed both manual and automated testing in Selenium WebDriver using the JAVA programming language.
Performed BDD using Cucumber features, scenarios, and step definitions in Gherkin format.
Performed automation testing in Selenium WebDriver using JAVA programming language.
Used Maven for build management tool and Jenkins for Continuous Integration of the builds.
Used Selenium WebDriver to run multiple test cases in multiple browsers and cross Platforms.
Performed UI, Functional, and Regression testing by automated using Selenium WebDriver, Cucumber Maven, and Jenkins.
Used Zephyr for test execution.
Utilized Jira as a defect tracking tool on the project.
Involved in preparing a report of all automation difficulties and test results for a further application using Maven.
Documented the defects found during the test execution and kept track of defects to improve overall.
Developed, documented, and executed test cases, test scenarios, testing plans, and procedures.
Provided Test Data for Testing.
Participated in Stand-up meetings, Sprint planning, Sprint review, and sprint retrospective with all other QA, developers, and Business analysts.

ENVIRONMENT:
Selenium Web Driver, Jenkins, Maven, Cucumber (BDD), Gherkin, Zephyr, Oracle DB, HTML, SQL, XPath, SDLC, Zephyr, Windows XP 7, 10, macOS, Eclipse. Browsers: Chrome, Firefox, and IE.

Software Test Automation Engineer
January 2020 – May 2022
Capital One Bank
Vienna, VA
Performed both manual and automated testing in Selenium WebDriver using the JAVA programming language.
Performed BDD using Cucumber features, scenarios, and step definitions in Gherkin format.
Performed automation testing in Selenium WebDriver using JAVA programming language.
Used Maven for build management tool and Jenkins for Continuous Integration of the builds.
Used Selenium WebDriver to run multiple test cases in multiple browsers and cross Platforms.
Performed UI, Functional, and Regression testing by automated using Selenium WebDriver, Cucumber Maven, and Jenkins.
Utilized Jira as a defect tracking tool on the project.
Involved in preparing a report of all automation difficulties and test results for a further application using Maven.
Documented the defects found during the test execution and kept track of defects to improve overall.
Developed, documented, and executed test cases, test scenarios, testing plans, and procedures.
Delivered back-end testing for data validation using SQL and executed SQL Queries on database tables to verify the database.
Participated in Stand-up meetings, Sprint planning, Sprint review, and sprint retrospective with all other QA, developers, and Business analysts.

ENVIRONMENT:
Selenium Web Driver, Jenkins, Maven, Cucumber (BDD), Gherkin, Oracle DB, HTML, SQL, XPath, SDLC, Windows XP 7, 10, macOS, Eclipse. Browsers: Chrome, Firefox, and IE.

Test Automation Engineer
May 2018 – December 2019
State Farm Insurance
Chevy Chase, MD

Developed test code in Java language using Selenium WebDriver and TestNG framework.
Developed Test Cases, Use Cases, and Automation test scripts.
Experienced on Core Java, OPPs concept.
Setup the Automation framework using Selenium WebDriver to run test cases in multiple browsers and platforms.
Involved in design and implementation of Selenium WebDriver automation framework for smoke and regression test suites (TestNG and Maven).
Used Apache POI to read data from Excel files.
Tested the applications utilizing the Scrum (Agile) methodology.
Setup Jenkins for scheduled automation test run for smoke test script by receiving email.
Reviewed database test cases according to assigned Requirements to validate reports by retrieving data with SQL queries from the oracle database.
Experienced in Cross Browser Testing by executing the test cases in Firefox, Chrome, and Internet Explorer.
Participate in an Agile Scrum methodology and attend Daily Scrum, Sprint Grooming, and Sprint Planning and Sprint Review meetings.

ENVIRONMENT:
Selenium Web Driver, Java, SQL, Jenkins, TestNG, Maven, HTML, XPath, GitHub, MacOS, Windows 7, Agile/Scrum, Jira, SDLC, STLC. Browsers: Chrome, Firefox, and IE.

Manual Tester (QA Analyst)
Feb 2016 – April 2018
New York Life Insurance
Vienna, VA
Analyzed business requirements, documented business requirement specifications, wrote Test Plans, Test Cases.
Actively participated in all QA and testing activities during User Acceptance Test (UAT).
Actively participated in smoke, functional, end to end, and regression testing.
Tested Applications compatibility on different browser versions (IE, Firefox, Chrome).
Prepared test reports and submitted the bug findings to the Jira defect tracking system.
Worked with development teams to investigate and correct bugs and deficiencies based on testing results and was involved in defect tracking and resolving production logs.
Performed data accuracy, data validation, and data integrity testing by querying the database using SQL queries to check the data table on the server.
Connected to database Query the database using SQL for data verification and validation.
Performed back-end testing on oracle database by writing SQL quires.
Actively participated in daily Scrum meetings and was involved in weekly Sprint releases.

ENVIRONMENT:
MS-Office, SQL, MS Excel, Windows XP, 7, 10, Agile/Scrum. Browsers: Chrome, Firefox, and IE.
Contact this candidate