Ashritha
Test Automation Engineer
): 804-***-****
*: ad6lsi@r.postjobfree.com

Professional Summary

7+ years of experience in Manual/Automation Testing. Good Experience in developing Test Plans, Test Cases,
Tractability Matrix and establishing Test Environments.
Designing and Developing Test Automation Framework to test Application which communicated to AWS
and batch jobs on cloud platform.
Experience in working with open-source tools Robot Framework, Selenium (Selenium IDE, and Selenium Web Driver,
SOAP UI, Selenium Grid), JUnit, Eclipse and preparation of automation test framework.
Good Experience with Developing Framework and test Suites on Open-source tools like Gauge, Taiko, Java Script.
Developing Automation Test scripts using Java, Junit, Selenium, Cucumber, Taiko, Gauge where applicable.
Work as a key member of the delivery team to understand requirements and technical solutions and provide quality assurance.
Experience in conducting System, Integration, Functional, User-Acceptance Testing (UAT) and improvement of QA Process.
Experience in maintaining the Software Testing Life Cycle throughout the Software Development Life Cycle.
Expertise in Problem solving and Bug Reports using Test Management Tools like Jira, Quality Center
Hands on experience in Functional Testing, System testing, on Web, .net, java and traditional client/server applications.
Reported bug and assigning the severity and priority as per the Project state and phase of development.
Good knowledge on Agile development methodologies (Scrum).
Demonstrated ability to work with business users for User Acceptance Testing (UAT).
Experience on Traceability of requirements to test design to ensure complete coverage of requirements.
Well experienced in cross platform/cross browser testing of UI
Team player with excellent communication and interpersonal skills.

Technical Courses / Certifications

Certification in Verification and Validation engineering.

Certification in Lead auditor for ISO 9000:2000, CMMI Level 5 Processes.

Technical Summary

Operating Systems
Windows NT/2000/2003/XP, UNIX, RedHat Linux
Languages
Java, J2EE, SQL
Databases
ORACLE 7.x/8i/9i SQL Server 7.0/2000, MySQL, Beyond Compare
Testing Area
System Requirement Analysis, UI, Usability, Functional, Regression, Integration, System,
Cross Platform/Browser/Device, Backend and Web Services Testing, Selenium Web Driver,
Taiko, Gauge, AWS, S3, Lambdas, AWS Batch Jobs, Maven, Jenkins, IntelliJ
Bug Tracking Tools
IBM Rational Clear Quest, Quality Center, Jira
Reporting Tools
Crystal Reports, Business Objects (BO)
Other Tools
TOAD, Eclipse IDE, Install Anywhere.
Domains
Ecommerce, Healthcare

Professional Experience:

Client: Softrams, LLC Match 2020 – Current
Role: SDET/ Automation Test Engineer

Role & Responsibilities

Designing and Developing Test Automation Framework to test Application which communicated to AWS and batch jobs on cloud platform.
Developing test cases on BDD with Gauge with Selenium and Java.
Developing test cases on BDD with Gauge with Taiko and Java Script.
Developing Automation Test scripts using Java, Junit, Selenium, Cucumber, Taiko, Gauge where applicable. Work as a key member of the delivery team to understand requirements and technical solutions and provide quality assurance.
Working with multiple Automation Project development using different tools.
Working the Automation frameworks to make code more reusable and maintainable.
Developing Automation Framework which suit for EFT Bath Job validation
Designed the Automation frameworks to make code more reusable and maintainable.
Perform creation, updates, execution of automation scripts on daily basis.
Working with Authentication Token Automation with Local Storages
Working Closely with CMS Clients on Understanding the Functional requirements.
Work and collaborate with other manual and automation testers, developers, and SME's to understand the business domain, and the system functionality.
Working with CMS Client on Gov Drive feature development and Delivery.
Identify, plan, design and develop automation tests that will enable the team to quickly deliver quality results using SAFE agile development and testing practices.
Regularly evaluate the overall test automation suites and make decisions related to the application of test automation strategies for assigned projects.
Define scope of testing within the context of each release /deliverable.
Preparing the Test plan with Scope of testing which includes which browsers to cover, which devices to test etc.

Guy Carpenter, Hoboken, NJ
L&T Infotech Apr 2018 – Feb 2020
Test Engineer

Responsibilities:

Developed Test Cases as part of Sprint and Performed Functional Acceptance Testing, User Acceptance Testing, and regression Testing
Used Jira for test management and defect reporting.
Used SQL Queries as part of database backend testing.
Attended backlog grooming/Sprint planning/Daily Standups and Joint demo’s and retro’s.
Developed test cases for various functionalities within the application
Analyzed the Stories by giving story points and Identified the Test Scenarios & Test Cases.
Interacted with End Users during Beta and UAT Phase and provided test data for them.
Collaborate with the Development team to ensure that the defect has been fixed.
Identified regression suites to perform enhanced smoke test as part of regression testing on core functionality.
Analyzing Test Report generated by automated test scripts. Presented test results to the developers and the management.

Infosys, Hartford
Aetna May 2016 – Mar 2018
Test Analyst

Responsibilities:

Opened/tracked defects in Jira and worked closely with Developers to get them fixed.
Responsible in giving status in daily stand up (scrum) as part of Agile/Scrum model.
Responsible in giving demo to business stake holders after completing testing efforts.
Participated in brainstorming sessions and walkthroughs with Subject Matter Experts (SMEs) for the health benefit claims receiving and processing system.
Involved in Reviewing and Preparation of Test cases in Jira
Performed SOAP UI testing for the web application as per client requirements.
Performed cross browser testing with the help of various tools.
Identified issues and reported for the browser compatibility.
Identified different system functional and non-functional components and documented detailed test approach for testing each component.

EDUCATION

Board of Secondary Education, Hyderabad, India
Intermediate from Board of Intermediate Education, Hyderabad, India
Bachelor of Engineering, JNTU, Hyderabad. Completion Year - 2006
Contact this candidate