Dmitrii Kuzhilin
Information Technology
Software QA Automation Engineer

ad7agf@r.postjobfree.com
(646) 416 – 0545
New York, NY, 10128
LinkedIn: Dmitrii Kuzhilin
GitHub: Dmitrii Kuzhilin

Detail-oriented and result-driven professional with extensive experience in developing and maintaining automated testing environments for web applications. Expertise in the creation of comprehensive regression test automation systems using Selenium, Cypress, and Playwright. Committed to mentorship and elevation of teams, coupled with a passion for coding in JavaScript, TypeScript, and Java. Possesses strong capabilities in designing QA frameworks, with a preference for automation over manual testing, and a history of streamlining processes to facilitate rapid and stable software releases. I am inspired by the idea of being a part of teams that create beautiful, functional interfaces that people can interact with and enjoy using.
Technical Proficiencies
Test automation frameworks & libraries
Selenium, Cypress, Playwright, Cucumber, Maven, TestNG, Supertest, Jest, Mocha, Chai, Swagger, Postman, Altair GraphQL
Programming languages
Java, TypeScript, JavaScript
Working with databases
MongoDB, MySQL
Test Management tools
JIRA, Azure DevOps Services
Working with documentation
Confluence, Figma, Google Docs, MS Office, Slack
CI/CD tools
GitLab CI, GitHub Actions, Azure DevOps, Jenkins, Docker
Miscellaneous
Node.js, Express.js, React.js, REST API, XPath, CSS, HTML, Azure DevOps Services, Appian, Okta, Splunk, GitHub, GitLab, GraphQL, Git
Professional Experience
ICS, A Korn Ferry Company, New York, NY, USA
Software QA Automation Engineer
Project “Starwind Specialty Insurance” – insurance web application
2022 - Present
Engineer and maintain robust automated testing environments for web applications utilizing a diverse array of technologies including Java, Selenium, JavaScript, Playwright, Azure DevOps Services, and various other tools. Mentoring and coaching QA team members on automation techniques, and organizing weekly training meetings for the QA team. Conduct code reviews to ensure adherence to coding best practices and standards.
Achieved increased automated test coverage for regression tests from 0% to 85-95% of four projects by developing test automation using Selenium and Cypress. As the result achieved a seven-hour reduction in regression testing time from eight hours to one hour for the QA team.
Implemented test allure report for enhanced test execution insights, benefiting the QA team and project management.
Created an email service that allows sending test reports in HTML format using mail after each regression test execution for QA Engineers or any other stakeholders, which allows everyone to extract the maximum useful information from test execution.
Provided technical mentorship to 5 QA Engineers on the execution of automated tests. Organized weekly training for the QA team.
Collaborated with the DevOps team to integrate testing into CI/CD pipelines using Azure DevOps, ensuring continuous delivery of high-quality software.
Authored detailed documentation and instructions, streamlining the test automation process to enhance test efficiency by 20%.
ITC Infotech, Dallas, TX, USA
Test Automation Engineer
Project “Marcus” by Goldman Sachs®– banking web application
2021 - 2022
Developed and executed automated test scripts using TypeScript, Cypress, Cucumber, and other tools for UI and API testing. Applied automation testing utilizing a wide array of technologies and implemented the design of comprehensive automated test cases for newly developed features during active sprints. Performed functional, regression, and REST API testing making use of tools like Appian, Okta, Splunk, Swagger, and Postman. Established efficient collaborations with developers and stakeholders.
Reduced functional regression testing duration by 65% from three days to one day by organizing test data in advance using Swagger, Postman, and Altair GraphQL tools.
Worked closely with the DevOps team to integrate automated tests into CI/CD pipelines using GitLab CI.
Increased test positivity rate for Cypress automated regression testing from 50% to 95%, ensuring reliable test results.
Created comprehensive test documentation including test plans, test cases, and test reports using Jira and Zephyr.
Initiated and designed Fraud case scenarios for integration testing to improve the security and reliability of the banking application using Okta, Splunk, and Appian tools.
Local Advantage, Sunnyvale, CA, USA
Software Development Engineer in Test
Project “Local Advantage” – interactive learning web platform
2017 - 2021
Engineered test cases and ensured functional, regression, and REST API integrity for the interactive learning web platform. Collaborated with a 12-member development team and identified, reported, and resolved defects using JIRA, and Slack. Developed robust automated testing frameworks employing Selenium, Maven, TestNG, Cypress, and other technologies. Applied expertise in basic HTML, CSS, and XPath to refine and expand testing protocols. Provided mentorship in QA automation, sharing knowledge of JavaScript and Java to strengthen team capabilities.
Enhanced test coverage for UI and integration testing, leading to more stable releases.
Collaborated with developers to streamline defect resolution, improving product quality.
Worked closely with the DevOps team to integrate automated tests into CI/CD pipelines using GitHub Actions.
Developed automated tests using Cypress with JavaScript and Selenium with Java that reduced manual testing time by 80% and increased efficiency.
An email service has been created that allows sending test allure reports in HTML format using mail after each regression test execution for any stakeholders, which allows everyone to extract the maximum useful information from test execution.
Sima-Land, Moscow, Russia
Automation Test Analyst
Project “Sima-Land” – e-commerce web application
2015 - 2017
Enhanced test coverage for key e-commerce web application functionalities using Mocha, JavaScript, and SQL queries. Fostered collaboration with development and product teams and established testing strategies and requirements. Adapted to a dynamic start-up atmosphere, contributing to rapid development and deployment cycles.
Developed, maintained, and executed new Automation Frameworks and automation test scripts using JavaScript, Java, Jest, Postman, Selenium, Supertest, and other tools for UI and API testing.
Collaborated with the DevOps team to integrate automated tests into CI/CD pipelines using Jenkins and Docker.
Worked alongside developers to ensure high-quality software through rigorous testing.
Collaborated in creating and maintaining documentation related to testing procedures, and automation frameworks using Jira and Confluence.
Education
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science
Moscow Technological Institute, Russia
Contact this candidate