GOSHU ABEBE ALEMAW
QA Manual & Automation Engineer
Alexandria, VA
Ph. 202-***-**** Email:

Objective
Manual and Selenium Automation test engineer with 5years experience. Knowledgeable in SDLC and STLC. Background in Front-end (Selenium Java, TestNG, Cucumber, Selenium WebDriver), Back-end (Api testing using Rest Assure, Postman) and RDBMS (SQL) with understanding of ETL Process. Experience in Test Management and Defect Tracking tools ALM & Jira to manage the entire testing process. Experience JMeter for performance testing, Jenkins for CICD. experience in, water fall Agile/Scrum methodologies and DevOps environment. Experience Windows and Linux environments. Excellent team player, quick learner, adaptive and result oriented.
SKILLS & SPECIALIZATION AREAS
Technical Knowledge, Skills, and Specialization Areas
Experience Relevant to Proposed Role in Project
Test Document
Test Plan, Requirement hierarchy, Writing test cases, Test Result Report and Bug Reporting,
Testing Tool
Quick Test Professional (QTP),J IBM Rational Test Suits, Clear Quest, Soap UI, Selenium Web Driver using Java, postman
Accessibility Testing
NVDA, Voiceover/Talkback, JIRA, WAT, WAVE,
Operating System
WINDOWS (XP,10,11), UNIX, Linux, Mac OS
Languages
Java, python, SQL, HTML, XML,
Bug Tracking Tools
JIRA
Databases
Oracle (11g,12c), MS-Excel, My-SQL, Postgre, Mongo Db
Other Tool
Confluence, MS Office Suite, SharePoint
Version Control System (VCS)
Git, GitHub, Jenkins
Test Framework
Test Ng, Cucumber, BDD, TDD approaches, JUnit
Methodologies
Agile, Scrum, Waterfall, SDLC, Kanban

Certification
American Software Testing Certification Board (ASTQB) Certified Tester Foundation Level (CTFL)

Experience

QA Software Test Engineer Insight It consulting Aug 2021 to present
Performed end-to-end testing to verify and validate system workflow.
Performed Smoke, Functional, Regression, Positive and Negative testing for each build of the applications. and Integration Testing.
Proficient in GUI Testing, Sanity Testing, Smoke Testing, Backend Testing and Black Box Testing.
Developed ETL test scripts based on technical specifications/Data design documents and Source to Target mappings.
Experience with 'Shift-Left' Testing strategies
Written test cases to test the application in Quality Center (ALM).
Performed ETL Validation with mapping documents.
Defects identified in the testing environment are communicated to the developers using Quality Center – Defects module.
Implemented automation using Selenium WebDriver, JAVA, Maven
Collaborated with the Scrum team in an agile environment.
Selenium Test Environment Setup (Maven Integration, Selenium WebDriver, Java, TestNG, and Jenkins
Inspecting Elements, Create Test Cases using Element locators and Selenium WebDriver Commands.
Attended sprint demo meetings to understand product usability and functions.
Analyze data to identify trends and feed changes back into cost estimates and cost phasing projection model
collaborate closely with development teams to design and execute comprehensive test plans, identify defects, and ensure the delivery of secure and efficient software solutions.
Participated and conducted agile scrum daily project meeting and planning using the agile process.
Develop, implement, and execute test plans, test cases, and test scripts to validate software functionality and performance.
Conduct regression testing and performance testing

QA Automation Tester Aetna Health Insurance Mar 2019 to Aug 2021
system data Preparation and Execute Tests for the provider’s data.
System integration testing Validate the feed to members system, finance system, claim system, and provider portal.
validate if the Wrote test plans and test cases for Test Director for functional and regression testing.
Performed Functional Testing, Integration Testing, Back-end, and Sanity Testing
Conducted Cross Browser, Configuration, UAT, and Regression Testing on the application.
Tracked and reported defects using Test Director.
Understand and work on QC and QA parts of testing.
Understand and fallow the 7 testing principles
Prepared Test Status Reports during the test execution phase
Identified appropriate test scripts to be used for UAT
Tested application in both Windows and UNIX environments.
Tested web services thoroughly to validate the Data Integrity.
Conducted meetings with Software Testers on a regular basis to keep everyone updated regarding the Testing progress and to keep a progressive environment
Certification: American Software Testing Certification Board (ASTQB) I have successfully completed the ISTQB (International Software Testing Qualifications Board) with the score of 87.3% and is awarded the designation of Certified Testers Foundation Level (CTFL)
Contact this candidate