Haseena Noorbasha Email: ad7suw@r.postjobfree.com
LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/haseena-noorbasha/ Mobile: +1-573-***-****

PROFESSIONAL SYNOPSIS

Having 11 years of Experience in the field of software testing, with 8 years of exp. in Automation Testing with Selenium Web driver, Web Services Automation using Ready API and Rest Assured, UI/API Automation using CYPRESS, KATALON Studio, KAFKA message broker Automation.
Designed and deployed highly scalable and efficient test automation frameworks and test infrastructure on AWS platform.
Accustomed to working in complex, project-based environments using Agile Methodology.
Manual and Automation testing experience in Waterfall and Agile/Scrum structure, procedure and processes.
Experience in performing white box testing, black box testing, integration testing, Database testing, System testing, and supported user acceptance testing (UAT) with business users.
Worked on Regression Testing, Smoke Testing, Functional Testing, GUI Testing, Automation testing.
Experience in working with open-source tools, Selenium WebDriver, Selenium Grid, Jenkins, Git, Junit/TestNG, Eclipse and IntelliJ
Valuable experience with SOA architecture which includes Soap Web Service and Restful Web Service Testing using SOAP UI
Experience in testing web service using POSTMAN and Rest Assured.
Used Serenity framework with cucumber BDD and TestNG
Created detailed QA documentation including QA reports, actively participated in QA and project status meetings.
Extensively used REST /Postman for testing API workflows.
Experienced with writing Java automation scripts for Web application testing with Selenium and unit test in Eclipse
Used Jenkins as Continuous Integration tool to execute weekly build.
Developed Selenium Page Object Model framework and have hands on experience in different frameworks like Data driven and Modular driven framework.
Responsible for Analysis and Defect Tracking using ePMO, JIRA, Mantis BT, Hp-ALM, Invision
Experience in version control using GIT and Bitbucket with Git commands for source code maintenance.
Done a POC on generating mock services using Wire Mock.
Ability to write & understand code written in languages like Java, JavaScript, XML, HTML, CSS and SQL.
Experience in Cross-Browser testing with Mozilla Firefox, google chrome, safari and internet explorer.
Experience in processing documents like test plans, test cases, weekly status reports, bug reports etc.

EDUCATION
MS in Computer Technology from Eastern Illinois University in 2022.
MCA from CMR College of Engineering & Technology in 2010.
Achievements
Received two times PAT-Back Appreciation Award.
Received OUTPERFORMER Award.
Certifications
OCJP 6.0 Oracle Certified Programmer for the Java 2 Platform, Standard Edition 6.0.
OCWCD 5.0 Oracle Certified Web Component Developer.
ACCELQ Certified Automation Expert.
ACCELQ Certified Automation Engineer.
ISTQB Certified Tester Foundation Level 2018.
WORK EXPERIENCE
Worked as Senior Test Engineer for Mastek India Pvt Ltd from January 2012 to June 2015.
Worked as Senior Test Engineer for VgrowedunetPvt Ltd from May 2016 to March 2017.
Working as Sr Associate-Quality Control for Synechron Technologies Pvt Ltd from April 2017 to March 2018.
Worked as Sr Automation Test Engineer for Qentelli Solutions India Pvt Ltd from June 2018 to July2021.
Worked as Sr.Software Quality Engineer for Qentelli LLC from Feb 2023 to July2024.

SKILL SET

Languages JAVA, JavaScript, SQL
Automation Tools CYPRESS, KATALON Studio, Katalon TestOps, Selenium WebDriver/GRID, Ready API, JUnit, TestNG, Jenkins, Gradle, Maven, POSTMAN, Eclipse, IntelliJ, RestAssured, SQL
Web Technologies HTML, CSS
Application/web server Tomcat 8.0.
RDBMS MySQL
Operating System Windows 8, Mac OS X.
Domain Experience Insurance, Banking, Education, Social Media
PM Tools JIRA, HP ALM, Git, SVN

PROJECTS EXPERIENCE

Project 1: Sr. Software Quality Engineer Qentelli -USA Feb 2023 – July 2024
Description:
YPO (formerly Young Presidents' Organization) is an American-based worldwide leadership community of chief executives with more than 34,000 global members in more than 142 countries. YPO was founded in 1950 in Rochester, New York, by manufacturer Ray Hickok, who was 27 years old when he became the head of his family's Rochester-based Hickok Belt, a 300-employee company. The first meeting was held in 1950 at the Waldorf Astoria New York and was attended by Robert Wood Johnson III (Johnson & Johnson). Hickok and a small group of young presidents in the area began meeting regularly to share and learn from each other. According to the organization, its founding principle is that of education and idea exchange among peers.
Responsibilities:
Develop test automation framework for front application using CYPRESS
Performed API testing using POSTMAN for integration between MAO and all other client applications like fulfillment system, Inventory management applications, Payment processing application, tax/discount/appeasement/adjustment calculation systems.
Used Rest Assured to develop automation framework for webservice testing.
Used SQL queries to query multiple inventory management and order management databases and imbibe in automation script
Write code to consume messages from the KAFKA message broker using KAFKA client library.
Did a POC to mock the responses from tax calculation system when it is not available to perform e2e testing
Write test scripts on API in parallel to UI automation.
Active participant of all agile ceremonies as entire functionality is developed in sprint model
Analyzed the user requirements, functional specifications and Use Case documents and created the Test Plans, Test cases for Functional testing.
Built Modular driven framework using CYPRESS, GIT for version control and Jenkins for continuous integration.
Designed and deployed highly scalable and efficient test automation frameworks and test infrastructure on AWS platform.
Involved in the implementation of BDD (Behavior Driven Development) Using Cucumber.
Identified correct GUI elements using various Selenium Locators like ID, Name, Link Text, Partial Link Text, XPath and CSS locators to find the Web Elements using selenium and creating automation scripts.
Experience working with JMeter.
Hands on experience in testing the RESTFUL Web Service.
Used Appium Emulators and Simulators for testing the application in Mobiles.
Implemented simulator for mobile app testing in IOS using Appium Tool.

Performed cross browser testing and ran the tests concurrently for time efficiency.
Designed and documented REST/HTTP, including JSON data formats and API versioning strategy
Assisted with user-acceptance testing and defect tracking for new release.
Used Jira for issues, bugs, defect tracking, writing suggestion, writing and executing test.
Used Git Hub as version control tool.
Wrote queries in SQL executed them to modify/analyze the data from the MySQL database and compared it with results from web service response. Checked data integrity and consistency.
Technologies: CYPRESS, JavaScript,Selenium, Appium GitHub, npm, Jenkins, InVision, Rest Assured, Postman, IntelliJ, MYSQL, AWS cloud services

Project 2: Sr Automation Test Engineer Qentelli -India Mar 2018 – Jul 2021
Description:
Ziosk is a table ordering tablet for casual dining restaurants developed by Dallas based TableTop Media. The device consists of a 7-inch tablet running Android and a credit card reader. Certain models also include a receipt printer and near field communication (NFC). The tablets also allow users to play games for a fee. TableTop Media rents the devices to restaurant operators through a subscription fee and revenue-share on paid games.
Responsibilities:
Participating in Daily standup, Bug review and QA weekly status meetings.
Involved in all facets of QA process which include writing test plans, scripts, execute tests and reporting results.
Involved in analyzing the Functional Specifications and Software Requirement Specifications (SRS).
Worked with Agile environment on testing iteratively against newly developed codes.
Performed functional, integration, user interface, End to End, cross browser testing for web application.
Parallel Execution of automation scripts in multiple browsers using Selenium Grid.
Involved in the implementation of BDD (Behavior Driven Development) Using Cucumber.
Executed the test plans on web and mobile (Apple & Android) as per requirements using Appiumtool.
Developed automation script for Mobile Native applications (IOS, Android) using Appium, Java.
Experience in testing Restful APIs using SOAP UI.
Identify the Elements using Appium Inspector Configuring the Appium for the Mobile IOS using selenium.

Developed test cases for new User stories – both manual and automated test scripts.
Identified methods to optimize the overall test effort through automation.
Maintaining and updating the test data based on different testing scenarios.
Used GitHub as a version control tool and Jenkins as the integration tool to deploy the build in the QA Environment.
Provided validation of data through SQL queries. Used WinSCP to check for error logs through Putty.
Involved in the testing and automation of REST web services related to the application.
Coordinated with the Project Managers, Business Analysts, Developers, and Test Team Lead and analyzed requirements needed for successful Test Plans and Test Cases.
Performed backend testing to validate database contents by writing and executing SQL Queries.
Extensively involved in resolving bugs fixes and suggesting code changes to the development team.
Reviewed test Documentations i.e. Test Data, Test Results/Output, Test scripts, and generated reports.
Automate UI test cases using KATLON Studio
Automating REST Synchronous Services using READY API.
Manually Testing REST Synchronous Services using Postman
Functional testing order flow through all the systems
Assisting through Bug Cycle using Jira and participated in Agile standup call
Technologies: Java, J2EE, Selenium, Appium My SQL, InVision, HP-ALM, Windows 7 and Above

Project 3: Sr. Associate Quality Control Synechron April 2017 – Mar 2018
Description:
Wells Fargo is a provider of banking, mortgage, investing, credit card, insurance and consumer and commercial financial serves. The objective of this project is to automate the provided (Smoke and Regression) test cases for applications related to Wells Fargo CLT (Consumer Lending Technology) Domain.
Responsibilities:
Developed Test scripts using Selenium WebDriver.
Worked on implementing existing framework as per the client requirement (Hybrid).
Used SQL queries to query multiple inventory management and order management databases and imbibe in automation script
Involved in the implementation of BDD (Behavior Driven Development) Using Cucumber.
Identify the Elements using Appium Inspector Configuring the Appium for the Mobile IOS using selenium.
Participated in Peer Reviews and conducted code reviews on selenium code.
Performed Test Case Execution and Defect Reporting using Hp-ALM.
Engaged in script fixing for failure test cases using Selenium test
Created Automation scripts for Regression Suite.
Understanding the functionalities and Participated in Daily standup, Bug review and QA weekly status meetings.
Technologies: Java J2EE, Appium, Cucumber,Selenium, Rest Assured, Postman,MY SQL Server, HP-ALM, Windows 7 and Above

Project 4: Sr. Test Engineer Vgrow Edunet Pvt Ltd May 2016 – Mar 2017
Description: The Comprehensive Institutional Management system is brought to you through a simple and easy-to-use web application. Designed to support and make operations easy, reduce manual efforts, improve accuracy and efficiency, and accelerate growth, the application includes Super Admin Command and Control, ID Card - Transport GPS Integration, Parental/Guardian Interface, and Teacher Access.
Responsibilities:
Understanding Requirement Specifications and Design Documents of the application.
Developed Test scripts using Selenium Webdriver and participated peer reviews.
Prepared test data by executing SQL queries.
Identify the Elements using Appium Inspector Configuring the Appium for the Mobile IOS using selenium.

Performed Test Case Execution and Defect Reporting using Mantis BT.
Used SQL queries to query multiple inventory management and order management databases and imbibe in automation script
Involved in the implementation of BDD (Behavior Driven Development) Using Cucumber.
Involved in preparing test cases using Selenium Webdriver to validate all UI components, Popups, Browser navigations, Mouse Movements.
Write test scripts on API in parallel to UI automation.
Created Automation scripts for Regression Suite.
Conducted application training sessions as needed for project requirements.
Database verification for front end data selection/update/deletion.
Performing Sanity, GUI, Functional and Regression and System Testing.
Participating in Bug review and QA weekly status meetings.
Technologies: Java, Selenium Webdriver,Appium, Cucumber, HTML, DB2, Mantis BT, Windows 7

Project 5: Sr. Test Engineer Mastek Pvt Ltd Jan 2012 – Jun 2015
Description:
STG Billing System is a product for the property and causality insurance business. It is a complete billing solution for all lines of Business. It provides solutions in two broad categories namely, direct billing and agency billing.
Responsibilities:
Prepared Test Cases as per the System Requirement Specifications and worked on database verification for front-end data selection/update/deletion.
Conducted status meetings within the team on Test Cases execution and created Test cases and use case scenarios.
Write test scripts on API in parallel to UI automation.
Involved in preparing test cases using Selenium Webdriver to validate all UI components, Popups, Browser navigations, Mouse Movements.
Bug tracking and posting the bugs using JIRA tool
Web services testing by using SOAPUI, Database verification for front-end data selection/update/deletion.
Monitored and verified logs in putty for different environments.
Performed Defect Reporting using ePMO and Performed Sanity, Functional and Regression and System Testing.
Designed Test cases and handled different modules in a project, involved in various peer review meets to discuss Test Design and reports.
Technologies: Java, JSP, HTML,SOAPUI, Selenium,WEBDriver, DB2, JIRA, ePMO, Windows XP, Windows 7
Contact this candidate