SRIKANTH PARITALA

Mobile: +1-469-***-****

Having 2yrs of experience in Software industry as a Quality Engineer (Automation) in Accenture(2yr) .
Good exposer on Waterfall and Agile Methodology.
Expertise in designing BD D Automation test framework for UI testing using
Selenium, TestNG, Cucumber Framework with core Java programing language.
Good in understanding Test Scenarios and implementing Automation scripts and Insprint Automation.
Experienced in integrating JDBC connections to databases and executing complex SQL queries to retrieve data from database tables.
Successfully led and executed the code migration process from Protractor to selenium java, ensuring a seamless transition and improved efficiency in automated testing.
Led and mentoring junior automation test engineers, providing guidance on best practices, test methodologies, and automation techniques.
Good in Functional Testing, creating Test Plan, writing Test Cases, Understanding Business Requirements and identifying Test Scenarios.
Actively participate in DevOps regression windows twice in a release cycle, also performing parallel and cross browser testing.
Proficient in using AI tools like Chat Gpt, Perplexity.

Selenium
Core Java
Agile testing
TestNG, Junit
Maven
Cucumber
CICD, Jenkins
MY SQl
Git, GitHub

B. Tech (CSE) - RVIT, Andhra Pradesh Aggregate - 69%

Completed the following certifications.
Six months trained on Automation skills in GFT Training (Accenture Internal training).
Successfully completed Lambda Test Certification in TESTATHON
Successfully completed the "Agile in the new" course, enhancing skills in agile methodologies and adapting to modern project management techniques.
Completed Selenium, TestNg and Cucumber courses with P3 level proficiency.

Project:
Company : Accenture
Client : British Telecom Openreach
Date : July to till Date
Tools : Selenium, TestNg, Cucumber, Java, CICD, Agile testing, Functional testing
Synopsis :
The project involves automating the web-based application more than 100 in Agile and waterfall SDLC models.
Collaborating with cross-functional teams to ensure the stability and quality of software releases.
Performed Sanity testing on daily basis, which was the main critical task of this project.
Work with the client and inform them on daily basis about QA analysis.
Responsible for
Implementing BDD Test framework across all the applications
Design, develop, and maintain automated test scripts using Selenium with Cucumber BDD Framework. Execute automated test suites and analyze results.
Perform code migration from Protractor to Selenium Java. Adapt and modify existing test scripts to be compatible with the new framework.
Implementing regression testing as part of the DevOps pipeline. Collaborate with the development team to identify critical areas for regression testing and prioritize test cases accordingly.
Proficient in Functional Testing, Regression Testing, Smoke Testing, System Integration Testing and Negative Testing, and advocated in UAT execution.
Collaborate effectively with cross-functional teams, including developers, product owners, and project managers. Communicate test progress, results, and issues in a clear and concise manner.
Mentoring junior automation test engineers, providing guidance on best practices, test methodologies, and automation techniques.
Continuously improve testing processes, tools, and methodologies.
Ensure high customer satisfaction through delivering exceptional results.
Analyze test results and provide valuable insights for quality improvement.

I hereby declare that above information is correct to the best of my knowledge, and I shall be responsible for any discrepancy hereafter.

(Srikanth Paritala)
Contact this candidate