Profile Summary
A professional, ISEB qualified Test Analyst with over 8 years of experience in Functional testing. Experienced in the design and implementation of manual and automated tests for Web, Mobile, Desktop and Back end processes. Experienced in software delivery methodologies including: Devops, Agile (scrum), Acceptance Test Driven Development (ATDD), and Behaviour Driven Development (BDD). Proactive with a ‘can do’ attitude and responsive to the business need. A firm advocate of product quality.

Languages
Java
JavaScript/ (node.js)
Bash (Linux)
SQL

CI/ Devops Tools
Jenkins 2
Docker
Kubernetes
Git
Terraform
Azure DevOps

Databases
SQL Server (T-SQL)
SQL Developer
MySQL
PostgresSQL

CRM
Microsoft dynamics AX 2012.
Salesforce

QA Experience
Test Automation (Java/ JavaScript)
Manual Testing.
Performance Testing (JMeter)
Integration,System and Component Testing (SOAP/ REST)
Cloud (AWS, Azure)

Operating Systems
Windows
Linux
Unix

Methodologies
Agile (Scrum)
Devops
BDD/ TDD
Industry
Banking
Betting
Retail
Public Sector (Govt)

QA Tools/Library
Mocha/Jest
Appium (mobile)
BDD: Cucumber
WebdriverIO
Mocha (Javascript)
Postman/SOAP-UI
JMeter
Swagger
Browserstack
Cypress
HP Quality centre 9.0
Xcode
Chai
TestCafe

Education
Geographical Information Systems (BSc Honour) UNIBEN 1999
ISEB/ISTQB Foundation Certificate Software Testing BCS, UK 2009

Work Experience

QA Automation Engineer Mar 2020 – Till Date
CIVICA London.
Validate PPS backend banking application for various customers across Europe (NatWest and Barclays Bank) and South America based on the acceptance criteria and test report published. Executed the automated test for API of the banking application in Java-COP SEND, signature verification and screening of various scheme payment type such as BACS, CHAP, Faster payment etc which could be inbound or outbound for whitelisted or blacklisted payer.

PPS Aug 2021 – Till date
Key Achievements
Implemented automated tests in Java using tools such as maven, git and docker.
Used Gherkins language to design the Step definitions from the acceptance criteria.
Refactored existing framework to support BDD.
Involved in various agile ceremonies such as sprint planning, sprint retrospective, stand-up meetings and backlog grooming/refinement.
Delivered automated regression test suite across assigned work stream for product validation.
Acted as QA on the company’s revamp and delivery of an updated API system built and deployed on Amazon Web Services.
Refactored existing framework to support all teams for framework architecture uniformity.
Maintained Java automated microservices framework.

ATAS – Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office. Mar 2020 – Jul 2021
Academic Technology Approval Scheme (ATAS) is a web platform which is helps international students obtain certification for Visa applications.

Key Achievements
Maintained JavaScript automated microservices framework.
Implemented Automation testing in JavaScript using tools such as mocha and Cypress for UI Testing.
Refactored existing framework to support BDD.
Wrote SQL queries to compare UI and services to backend Database storage for source and destination Databases. Tracked issues from front end to the backend databases.

QA Automation Engineer Jun 2017 – Feb,2020
FDJ Trading Solutions, Fenchurch St, London.
Tested bespoke trading and finance backend components software application for multiples traders and players across several products and platforms. The backend contains endpoints that is consumed by angular to send the request that are passed. Also, tested technology stack migration to the cloud (AWS).

Key Achievements
API Automation Testing
Reported bugs to the development team after finding disparities in actual and expected results. Followed up to resolution stage.
Designed and implemented DI such as Pico container in the framework.
Involved in identifying the scenarios to run on Smoke, Regression, Integration Tags.
Performed positive, negative and edge cases testing of application for identification of bugs after fixing of errors in each subsequent build during the process of development.
Reviewed business Requirements documents, extracted test conditions, and developed test cases and subsequently create test scripts
Used Salesforce CRM.

QA Automation Engineer Apr 2016 – May 2017
Cigna Global Insurance Solutions, London Bridge.
Verify Cigna global insurance solutions including V3G products and MSC products, helps customers to navigate insurance system to obtained quality, value, maximizes affordability, cost effective insurance protection for our worldwide customers on web application and web mobile application.

Key Achievements
Created and maintained framework using Appium and Xcode.
Created testing scripts for Mobile Web Application (Cloud Based Mobile Automation)
Worked with various product owners/managers to create and maintain test artifacts around products in test.
Code validation and deployment Software (Jenkins).
Experienced with automating with cloud Platforms (BrowserStack and AWS).

QA Automation Engineer. Jan 2016 – Apr 2016
Gamesys, Piccadilly, London.
Validate numerous cutting edge online gaming sites and apps including Virgin Games, Sun Bingo, and Caesar’s Casino, Bingo Lane, Jackpotjoy, Botemania Slots and other great free-to-play games on web application and web mobile application, offering players a site that provides one of the best gaming experiences around. Worked with Test Lead to prepare and implement various test strategies especially for systems that did not have prior documentation.

Key Achievements
Created feature files and scenario outline for gaming site.
Configures the regression test scripts to Jenkins for scheduling jobs.
Build, tagging solutions and Release and Environment Management.
Monitored daily automation test results. Subsequently produced weekly test reports.
Performed UI, functional, system, regression, and exploratory testing for web interface.
Used Microsoft Dynamics AX CRM.

QA Analyst
Novomatic Group (XLG), London.
Feb 2015 – Dec 2015
Involved in testing various game products and enhancements mainly to Novomatic's or XLG's web application and mobile web application for a live captivating gaming site and interactive entertainment.

Key Achievements
Participated in stand up, sprint planning and sprint retro ceremonies.
Developed and maintained of manual test scenarios, test cases and test scripts.
lnvolved in performing system testing, Systems Integration Testing (SIT), User Acceptance Testing (UAT) and Regression testing.
Performed cross-browser testing to identify UI, Functional and Usability issues.
Executed periodic regression testing against any live deployment of applications.

Test Analyst Jul 2014 - Jan 2015
Temenos, Hemel Hempstead.
Carried out testing on TAFC T24 banking application, which is a Jbase open connectivity technology. TAFC T24 integrates with database systems such as Oracle 12c, DB2, and Microsoft’s SQL Server. Temenos Ltd provides offshore software services to major banks and finance houses around the world. Testing focused mostly on user interfaces as well as Back-end data verification and data migration.

Key Achievements
Developed and maintained of manual testing scripts.
Performed browsers/ platforms/ operating systems testing for TAFC T24 to identify UI, Functional and Usability issues.
Carried out functional testing on Close of Business (COB) process on the TAFC T24 system to update application, online, the start of the day, system-wide and reporting.
Set up test environments comprising a database, installation of TAFC T24, configure /deployed application server (JBoss and WebSphere).

QA Analyst Sep 2012 – Jun 2014
Ben property Solutions, London.
Involved in testing various digital marketing solutions that allow Ben property Solutions engage more closely with their clients. Wrote and maintained manual Functional, Integration, Usability tests against UI and backend of web applications under test.

Key Achievements
Created test plans and test scripts.
Analyzed the wireframe with the product owner.
Contact this candidate