Shilpa Jwalapathy
Automation Test Engineer
Email: ad9aii@r.postjobfree.com • Mobile: +1-224-***-****

SUMMARY

Overall 14+ years of IT Experience with 12+ years of work experience in the UK working as a Senior Agile Test Analyst, Automation Test Engineer, QA Test Consultant and QA Lead.
Experience in testing REST APIs/micro services
Testing and working with AWS services such as SQS, SNS, S3, Lambda, and CloudWatch
Experience in automating the validation of user journeys using selenium framework
Experience in generating end-to-end regression scripts fit for release cycle
Ability to lead a QA team, define test strategy, test plan, manage test life cycle and other QA specific industry standards
Proficient in preparing detailed test cases and executing them for various stages of testing such as functional, regression and Integration testing
Excellent knowledge of Agile & Scrum development environment.
Ensuring that the development feature/product is fit-for-purpose, and doesn't just 'meet the requirements'
Quick learner with excellent analytical and communication skills along with the ability to adapt to changing technologies and methodologies.
Strong mind set and willingness to learn new automation tools and techniques
Proven ability to gather requirements, elaborate stories and write effective acceptance criteria.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Edenred Payment Solutions
(Contract)
Automation Test Engineer, Test & Functional Lead
Sep 2022 – Apr 2024

Edenred Payment Solutions is a payment solutions provider, enabling its clients (fintechs, corporates & retailers) to offer digital banking, embedded finance and card-based solutions to its end customers. It provides payment solutions and a suite of functional APIs that enable access to an ecosystem of connections including banking schemes, licenses and banking solutions.

I started at Edenred payment solutions as an automation engineer for a fraud monitoring and compliance programme which would pre-empt compliance checks before interacting with a 3rd part fraud monitoring systems. As the programme progressed into subsequent phases, I took up additional responsibility as a functional test lead, leading multiple QA teams within the programme. After successfully delivering multiple projects within the programme, I was given an opportunity to lead another project integrating with PEGA systems.

Responsibilities
Automation Engineer & Functional Test Lead for compliance project:
Design and implement API testing framework using BDD
Collaborate with developers and other stakeholders in scrum ceremonies
Defined test strategy and test plans across multiple projects within the programme
Represent the QA team in the multiple scrum ceremonies across teams and co-ordinate with the teams thus resulting in timely releases
Mentor the team and ensure that the best practices in API testing are followed.
Tested with AWS services such as SQS, SNS, S3, Lambda, and CloudWatch

SIT Test Lead for the project integrating with PEGA systems:
Defined test strategy and test plans across for the project
Collaborated with stakeholders to define test objectives, scope, and deliverables
Manage, report and co-ordinate SIT activities with key stakeholders thus ensuring efficient execution of testing tasks
Lead defect triage meetings and facilitated effective communication between development and QA teams.

Waracle
(Contract)
Automation Test Engineer
Sep 2021 – Sep 2022

Argos MPP (Monthly Payment Plan) is a payment option offered by Argos to pay for goods at online checkout. This is a loan provided by Sainsbury’s Bank and allows the customer to pay for products over a set monthly period.

Responsibilities
Established QA specific industry standards and processes within the team such as capturing test evidence in a standard format, weekly time-boxed exploratory testing, and Regular automated regression runs.
Defined a detailed test plan for Argos-MPP project and outlined a test strategy.
Involved in both cross bowser web testing and micro services/API testing using postman for both functional testing and SIT testing.
Defined regression strategy for releases and led the QA team with release testing involving both manual & automated regression tests.
Involved in automating back-end test-scenarios as and when required
Planned, documented, peer reviewed & executed test scenarios/charters.
Involved in defect triaging, sprint demos with clients and other scrum/nexus ceremonies.

Natwest Bank
Automation Test Engineer
Jan 2019 – Sep 2021

Bankline is a banking web app that provides ‘Commercial & Private Banking ‘ businesses an enhanced digital banking service, letting them make payments on the go and stay on top of their finances. It also available as a mobile app in Android and iOS

Responsibilities
Creating and maintaining end-to-end Behavioural Driven Development (BDD) tests for sprint testing and regression testing.
Automating new end-to-end user journeys using selenium framework.
Involved in testing a variety of microservices like Accounts, Payments (front-end) and Open Banking (back-end via postman)
Reviewing design documents, business requirements (stories), non-functional requirements across multiple scrum teams to build test scenarios for automation
Produce, review and provide feedback on project documents to aid creation of automation strategy, frameworks, automation development standards, test plans and test completion reports.
Pro-actively sharing and reporting risks, issues, challenges, blockers and forthcoming tasks to the scrum master or test lead.
Providing effective defect management including defect triage and liaison with 3rd parties
Involved in scripting automated tests to validate REST API endpoints

Ovo Energy
QA Engineer
Nov 2017 – Nov 2018

Ovo Energy is an energy supply company based in Bristol, England. It is one of over 15 smaller energy companies competing with the Big Six which dominate the market.

Responsibilities
As a senior test engineer in the team, I worked closely with the PO & the development team in triaging stories and ensuring quality of the product being delivered.
Conduct sessions to elaborate and walkthrough the stories with relevant stakeholders.
Involved in performing integration testing with 3rd party systems
Built bespoke automation frameworks from scratch using technologies such as Junit, Wiremock.
Owned the BDD based Selenium test framework for smart meter booking.

Teradata Ltd.
Senior Test Analyst
Oct 2012 – Sep 2017

Teradata is used by businesses to deliver rapid innovation, scale operational efficiency, reduce friction in supply chains and protect enterprise’s most valuable information.

At Teradata, I was part of initially part of the Rainstor SQL platform team and then later moved into the Teradata listener team. Rainstor is a SQL platform for compressing BigData into different filesystems such as HDFS and NFS. Rainstor had its own SQL interface to query the compressed data. Teradata Listener is a data streaming platform which promises fast movement of data across systems and into different targets such as Hadoop Distributed File System (HDFS), Teradata database etc.

Responsibilities
Involved closely in building and maintaining BDD based Selenium-Cucumber test framework for a new API based analytics tool
Responsible for functional testing, performance testing and automating various query functionalities of Rainstor’s query interface.
Complete ownership of testing and automating LDAP authentication and authorization with Rainstor
Defining, elaborating and walkthrough the stories with the relevant stakeholders in sprint planning, prioritize it accordingly at the beginning of every sprint
Testing REST based APIs.
Took ownership of co-ordinating with teams based across multiple geographical locations (US, UK and India) to establish best practices for testing

IBM Software Labs, India Software Engineer Aug 2008 – Sep 2012

SKILLS & EXPERIENCE

Programming Languages
Java, SQL
Testing/Automation tools
JIRA, JIRA Zephyr, TeamCity, Jenkins, Xmind,
Selenium/Cucumber, BrowserStack, Postman, JIRA Xray, Rest Assured automation framework, Wiremock, Saucelabs, mobile testing

Spoken Languages
English, Telugu, Hindi, Tamil, Kannada
PROFESSIONAL CERTIFICATIONS
ISEB Foundation
Sun Certified Java Programmer (SCJP 5.0)
EDUCATION & QUALIFICATIONS

Bachelors of Engineering – Computer Science
Visvesvaraya Technological University, Belgaum, Karnataka, India
2004 – 2008
Contact this candidate