QA Test Engineer / Product Specialist / Enterprise Systems

Highly efficient, self-motivated, and talented enterprise analyst. Deep experience in the design, development, and evolution of enterprise systems focused on operational data. Effective use of analytical and task prioritization techniques to deliver creative solutions in high pressure and time sensitive, deadline driven environments. Rapidly consuming and utilizing new ideas, techniques, and strategies. Efficient in clear and effective cross-functional team communication and collaboration. Adept at developing, executing, and maintaining complex, detailed, and high-volume procedural processes.

Technical Skillset
Business Intelligence and Analytics: Cognos, MicroStrategy, SQL Server Reporting Services, Tableau, Microsoft Power BI, and Power Query Excel
Enterprise: BMC Remedy, Clarity PPM, JDA TM, Manhattan SCALE, Microsoft Azure, Microsoft SharePoint, Microsoft SQL Server, Salesforce, and SAP, Visual Studio Code, Service Bus Explorer
Software lifecycle development: Agile, SCRUM, VSTS, JIRA, Waterfall, Jmeter Apache, Selenium (including WebDriver and Java Basics), Cucumber, Eclipse, BlazeMeter, Postman, Newman, scripting, sql, Nodejs, Graphql, Json, HTML, XML, and Notepad++
Database: SQL, Database Structure (Oracle, Toad, Postgres, DBeaver)
Testing Practices: Black Box, White Box, Gray Box, Smoke, Unit, Regression, API, E2E, Performance, Security, Continuous Integration/Continuous Delivery, Legacy Apps, Web Browser/Sites/Portals, Web Services
Other: Adobe Publisher, Adobe Xi Pro, Bit Bitvise SSH, DocuSign, Microsoft Office Suite (including Project and Visio), and Microsoft Windows Operating Systems

Currently working towards: Masters Certification Test Automation Engineer

Professional Skillset
Agile/Scrum
Waterfall
Business Process Improvement
Executive Support
Improvement Techniques
Operations Management
Strategic Planning

Professional Experience
Leveraged complex matrix and data analytics proficiencies to build and execute solution validation scenarios. Led and supported solution validation and testing across multiple teams during the entire development lifecycle including unit and user acceptance testing. Excelled in level 3 production support activities including process monitoring, root cause analysis, and application, data, and flow investigation and troubleshooting. Key member in functional and solution design sessions, providing accurate solution documentation and deep domain knowledge. Configured and maintained multiple internal and external software platforms across a mix of environments both on-premises and cloud. Supported regulatory and compliance activities.

Selected Accomplishments
Excelling in Development, Design Test Strategy, Risk Analysis, Risk Mitigation, Documentation, Reporting, for End-to-End Integration testing.
Constructed and maintained detailed documentation for large product rollout, and maintaining detailed documentation, including user manuals and application manuals.
Key member of development team during one of the largest growth cycles in the division.
Invaluable quality assurance resource for two simultaneous major implementations.
I bring a broad range of experience and knowledge in both Business Systems and Information Technology through my career spanning over thirty years
Developed automated database extract routines

Consultant Activities [Executive Support] Aug 2006 – Oct 2019

7-Eleven, Inc. (Contract)
QA Test Engineer

Ryder System, Inc., Fort Worth, TX (Contract)
Product Specialist / QA Tester

PGI, Alpharetta, GA (Contract)
Sr. Business Systems Analyst [in support of VP North America Controller]

Abbot Vascular, Alpharetta, GA (Contract)
Business Systems Analyst [in support of VP of Sales, Operations, and Director of Business Systems]

Rock-Tenn, Norcross, GA (Contract)
Business Systems Analyst [in support of Director of IT Systems, Tax Division]

McKesson, Alpharetta, GA (Contract)
Business Systems Analyst [in support of EVP Contracts]

Infor Global Solutions, Alpharetta, GA (Contract)
Business Systems Analyst [in support of VP of Global Channel Sales and Operations]

The Schumacher Group, Atlanta, GA (Contract)
Operations Coordinator [in support of VP Southeast Division]

Technica International USA, Inc., Atlanta, GA
Office Manager [in support of President & CFO]

THW Design - Atlanta, GA
Director of Corporate Services - Supporting CEO / CFO / COO / Director of Human Recourses

JOB DESCRIPTION

7-Eleven, Inc., Irving, TX (CONTRACT) Sept 2018 – Oct 2019
QA Test Engineer
Daily execution of QA Methodologies, Test Strategies, Test Metrics, Software Development Life Cycle and Software Testing Life Cycle.
Designing and development of test plans, test scenarios, test scripts, and test suites.
Designing, development and execution of automation scripts.
Developing, executing and reviewing SQL queries.
Black Box, White Box, Smoke, Unit, Regression, API, E2E, UI, Performance, Security,
Test Client / Web based applications both manually and using testing tools.
Daily Software Testing Methods such as Black Box Testing, White Box testing, and Grey Box testing.
Daily Functional Software Techniques such as Unit, Smoke, Sanity, Integration, System, UAT, Regression, and Compatibility testing.
Conducted Web Applications, Client Server Applications, Mainframe and Databases testing.
Identification of Non-Functional testing software techniques such as Performance, Load, Volume, Security, Accessibility and Automation testing.
Review and analyze system specifications
Collaborate with Developer, Run-Ops, and Dev-Ops to develop effective strategies and test plans.
Execute test cases (manual or automated) and analyze results
Evaluate product code according to specifications
Create logs to document testing phases and defects
Report bugs and errors to development teams
Help troubleshoot issues
Conduct post-release / post-implementation testing
Work with cross-functional teams to ensure quality throughout the software development lifecycle

Ryder System, Inc., Fort Worth, TX (CONTRACT) Jan 2017 – Sept 2018
Product Specialist / QA Tester
Responsible for validating the application gaps from client requirements
Application, QA / QS, UAT / Parallel, and post production testing
Responsible for 3rd level application defect / issue / transaction investigation, troubleshooting, identifying root causes, and driving resolution
Responsible for 2nd level application process monitoring
Participated in the high level functional solution design
Documented functional solution design - application specific
Developing automated and reusable scripts for testing API, performance and UI’s
Responsible for application configuration and setup, including system, operational, environmental, and account specific
Review integration mapping documentation
Report Development via Microsoft Reporting Services, MicroStrategy, and one-off queries
Developing automated and reusable routines for extracting requested information from database systems
Writing and maintaining detailed documentation, including user manuals and application manuals
Translating user and/or systems requirements into functional/technical specifications
Acting as a liaison between developers and end users to ensure technical compatibility and satisfaction.
Analyzing complex business problems and assessing how automated systems can be implemented
Gathering data and analyzing business and user needs in consultation with both business managers and end users
Providing IT support for regulatory and compliance activities
Making recommendations on software solutions to support business goals
Analyzing and defining application functions, business process and user needs
Performing functional configuration and maintenance for systems based on changing operational and business needs
Creating documentation such as policies, procedures, workflows and user guides
Conducting root-cause analysis in support of process improvements
Working closely with end users to resolve application issues
Installing and implementing programs and upgrades
Documenting the specifications, design, features and operation of applications
Writing and editing user manuals, help systems and other technical documents
Interviewing developers and other technical resource personnel to ensure accuracy of all information presented
Executing and delivering project tasks/deliverables within time and budget constraints
Monitoring application feedback and responding to inquiries
Writing product information materials to brief sale personnel on product features and benefits

PGI, Alpharetta, GA (CONTRACT) June 2016 – Sept 2016
Sr. Business Systems Analyst [in support of VP North America Controller]
Created documentation and nomenclature for specific instructions pertaining to tools management
Implement effective controls and reporting to ensure integrity of commissions
Perform ongoing maintenance and improvement of commission calculation tools
Audit agreements set up in the compensation system
Conduct data mining related to the compensation data
Collaborate with AP to set-up, manage, and terminate 3rd party vendors
Troubleshoot complaints and erroneous settlements related to compensation
Calculate any eligible spiffs, bonuses or exceptions to contacts
Calculate monthly ACV add-ons for Direct Sales compensation
Calculate monthly SP billing report for Direct Sales compensation
Pull data from access database system and enter in commission worksheet
Analyze data going into the worksheet to ensure it’s reasonable (Credit report, Adobe, Gap, 2X, SoundPath, Diamond, Partner, other sources)
Assign appropriate plans to each Representative for payouts
Run and distribute monthly reports - manage exceptions
Work with Sales Operations on exceptions and concerns regarding quotas
Analyze data to ensure commissions are calculated correctly
Calculate manually any exceptions to contracts

Abbot Vascular, Alpharetta, GA (CONTRACT) July 2015 – Feb 2016
Business Systems Analyst [in support of VP of Sales, Operations, and Director of Business Systems]
Acted as liaison between the business and information systems departments and participated in the development of new system(s) and enhancements of existing system(s) to support business processes.
Conducted routine maintenance to existing systems to support business processes.
Developed and built databases and reporting tools for use in analyzing sales activity, contract activity trends, reports and compliance.
Created instructional documents for training other BSA’s.
Responsible for compliance with applicable Corporate and Divisional Policies and procedures.
Analyzed large data sets and articulate key conclusions resulting from this analysis to management executives.
Interacted with the executive management team, field sales force, and internal operations (pricing, contracting, and finance, legal).
Troubleshoots and resolved help desk tickets submitted by sales and pricing analysts for existing systems.
Configuring timer jobs depending on business requirements.
Assignment of proper permission levels for all users of the site as well as configuring anonymous access if required.
Analysis of existing business processes, design and implementation of streamlined processes and leading client organizations in the identification, planning and implementation of business process solutions.
Served as a subject matter expert and technical resource for sales and pricing analysts.
Utilizing Cognos and SAP as the data source in extracting, transforming, loading, and updating data daily to Access and Excel for the purposes of data quality improvement, cleansing, actionable data reporting, and analytics for BA’s, contracts department, sales teams, and executive management.

Rock-Tenn, Norcross, GA (CONTRACT) April 2015 — June 2015
Business Systems Analyst [in support of Director of IT Systems, Tax Division]
Served as a subject matter expert and technical resource for legal, compliance, and tax department.
Implementation of database design description to define database objects used in tax applications, intended for quality assurance, system owners and users whom would participate in the validation sources of taxes.
Develop database tools for department heads to utilize logic for various tax pass / fail scenario for mills.
Develop systems to extract, transform and load mill data for storing in a central location for monthly tax auditing, and payment purposes.

McKesson, Alpharetta, GA (CONTRACT) February 2015 — April 2015
Business Systems Analyst [in support of EVP Contracts]
Served as technical resource for legal and compliance of the contracts department.
Utilizing key indicators and data points for collection of all contracts (5,000+) to one spreadsheet and database for pass through to SharePoint for approval and migration to new program for auditing purposes.
Assignment tasking and meetings to ensure conformance with company policy of all active contracts.
Reported on records for all contract items such as, original contract, all correspondence, changes/deviations, amendments, clarifications.
Advised management of current contractual obligations, compiled and analyzed data.

Infor Global Solutions, Alpharetta, GA (CONTRACT) Aug 2011 – Oct 2014
Business Systems Analyst [in support of VP of Global Channel Sales and Operations]
Involved in a 36-month project to convert and/or terminate partners to a new program with new terms and agreements.
Co-designer of an end-to-end process for identifying the partners’ specific status involving multiple technologies.
Quantified, worked thru and edited 3000+ term sheets for accuracy and completeness.
Processed 600+ new partners to the Infor Partner Network (IPN) Agreements and over 1300 term sheet addendums.
Kept current and published correspondence, addendums and agreements of the IPN status for internal publication and distribution.
Maintained and published various reporting databases used to track channel partner contract information and status of over 50 variables (to include levels, market size, product lines, support components and commission rates, etc.).
Responsible for extracting, cleansing, processing, and validating partner agreement data.
Data entry, data auditing, creating data reports, and monitoring all data for accuracy.
Analyzing raw data, drawing conclusions, developing recommendations, and monitoring auto data loads.
Collecting, collating and carrying out complex data analysis in support of management.

The Schumacher Group, Atlanta, GA (CONTRACT) Jan 2010 – Jul 2011
Operations Coordinator [in support of VP Southeast Division]
Develop measures of success/management processes to ensure achievement of goals.
Researched, implemented, and monitored programs in support of corporate initiatives.
Assisted with facility plan implementation and scalability for clinical operations.
Provided multi-client and hospital site dashboards / forecasts / analytics.
Developed a personnel management database in MS Access for budget and projection facility support.
Automating routine reports using Excel and provide needed data and assistance on various projects. Creating data flow utilizing SQL through Teradata MQ to Tableau for various executive reports and dashboards and medical records.
Provided reporting validation for corporate project presentations to finished document for publishing availability.
SharePoint security forms-based authentication, custom workflows, web applications, content deployment.
Training and supporting the business users in their day-to-day involvement in SharePoint sites for uploading a document, starting an approval workflow etc.
Created file plan to manage records in category of records, records storing, retention periods, delineation of responsible managers for the records

Technica International USA, Inc., Atlanta, GA Sep 2006 – Jan 2010
Office Manager [in support of President & CFO]
Restructured / organized / set-up of client records, policies, procedures and processes and licenses.
Created and reviewed reports, spreadsheets, and presentations to a finished document.
Special projects and tasks of business development and objectives.
Performed queries, created databases and published client assessment reports utilizing Excel, Access, and SQL / Server.
Automated data download and upload processes, and validated data integrity and quality using Access Database, Excel and VBA programming.
Customized financial reports to support various analytical and presentation needs using Access Database, Excel and VBA programming.
Monitored and tracked strategic plan initiatives of business coordinates.
SharePoint development with SharePoint Designer creating custom lists, libraries, workflows and forms.
User Profiles and My Site configuration within Central Administration including customizing User Profile Service and Properties.
Training end users on lists, libraries, pages, publishing, web parts, importing, exporting, navigation and many other SharePoint features during project deployments and with ongoing support.
Maintained strong interpersonal relationships with employees at all levels Performed and monitored various audits for client business intelligence.
Processed payroll and payroll tax reports, filings, and maintained / updated accurate inventories.
Processed and implemented client billing reporting.
Maintained personnel, payroll, benefits, licensing, bank accounts, and investment accounts.

THW Design - Atlanta, GA Aug 1995 – Aug 2006
Director of Corporate Services [Supporting CEO / CFO / COO / Director of Human Recourses]
First Corporate Services Support Employee promoted to Associate. Annually recognized for outstanding execution, performance conducted professionally with exuberance and precision.
Support to CEO for management of the property, annual presentations to Board of Directors (BOD) for the property.
Assisted CFO in preparation of monthly financial presentation to the board, process and implementation of client billing.
Direct support of project managers with focus on service support satisfaction in financial management reporting of projects.
Created 150 reports primarily used for insight of any data for measurement and reporting to support analysis, prediction, forecasting and optimization.
Instituted solutions, standards and guidelines to maintain the security of project management data offering the ability to meet the dual demands of IT and business.
Handled highly confidential sensitive material and responsible for all company records including: personnel, payroll, benefits, licensing, bank accounts, and investment accounts.
Management of daily operations of corporate services support, human resources, property, and accounting departments.
Responsible for benefits program and facilitated employee meetings, which helped gain employee acceptance, training to all employees for financial / accounting data – project / time / billing software.
Contact this candidate