s Welcome! This is some invisible header text so we can leave you a message! Just delete it after you’ve read the how-to comment box to the right.
Kamakshi Kshirsagar
SOFTWARE ENGINEER IN ST. LOUIS, MO
310-***-**** adbwaz@r.postjobfree.com
https://github.com/KamakshiSK https://www.linkedin.com/in/kamakshi-kshirsagar/ A highly motivated Software Engineer looking for a challenging role in a reputable organization to utilize my technical, database, and management skills for the growth of the organization as well as to expand my learnings, knowledge, and skills.
LANGUAGES
● Java
● Python
● Pl/SQL
● Shell Scripting
● REST API
● C#
● C/C++
● HTML5/CSS3
● JavaScript
● XML
FRAMEWORKS
● Java Spring
Boot
● Hibernate
● .NET
DATABASES
● MySQL
TOOLS
● GitHub / Source depot/SVN
● JIRA / Product Studio
● Bugzilla
● Trello
● Ve-CRM, Citrix receiver
WORK EXPERIENCE
Commercial Collection Data Analyst,GC Services, St Louis, January 2019 - Now
● Successfully interpreted and analyzed different Verizon customer payment data in order to draw conclusions for collection action and strategy.
● Presented data and conclusions to teams (Verizon sales, finance and customer accounts payable) in order to improve collection strategies and operations.
● Optimized data collection procedures and generated reports on weekly, monthly basis.
● Acquired knowledge of Verizon SAP-CRM (Ve-crm) and proprietary mainframe systems.
● Used advanced Microsoft Excel to create pivot tables and pivot reporting.
● Demonstrated the ability to handle pressure, reacted positively to an ongoing, changing environment when attempting to meet deadlines and performance goals.
● Maintained good customer and sales relations by followup emails, meetings and conference calls.
● Managed customer issues using JIRA collaboration tool. FLL Robotics Instructor for Girl Scouts (Volunteer),St Louis, Jan 2017 – now
● Mentored Girl Scouts troop to build and program small robots using Legos and Blocks programming. Computer Educator for Adults (Volunteer), Katy Geissert Civic Center Library,California, Sep 2013 – Aug 2015
● Mentored basic computer skills like operating system, email, facebook, operating ipad in a library class. Test Specialist (Testing), Mindtree Ltd,India, Dec 2005 - Feb 2010
● Developed and optimized test automation framework in C# .net for Microsoft projects Windows Azure, Windows Live Messenger and MSN Alerts. Participated in manual and automation testing.
● Understanding of client requirements & sync up with developers on implementation process.
● Strong understanding of Object-Oriented Programming [OOP], System Development Life Cycle [SDLC], Testing Life Cycle [TLC], Agile development environment.
● Acquired knowledge of code migration/deployment, source code maintenance and code merge.
● Creating test plans, test scenarios, test cases and test scripts/procedures for carrying out GUI, Functional, Regression, Integration and System Tests at various stages in the SDLC. EDUCATION
LaunchCode, LC101 Programming Course —St Louis (2019) Dr D Y Patil College of Engineering, Bachelor of Engineering, Information Technology — India (2004)
Government Polytechnic Pune, Diploma in Computer Science — India (2001) PROJECT EXPERIENCE
Playground Finder — A web app to find playgrounds in a region with map view
● Designed and built a web based application to search playgrounds by location and by search term from database as well as to provide individual playground view with all the details of playground such as equipment type, water feature etc.
● Added user sign-in with admin role to add/remove playgrounds, reviews and playgrounds pictures.
● Integrated Google maps, places APIs and geocoding to render and search playgrounds on map.
● Technologies used : Java, Spring boot MVC, Thymeleaf, Gradle, MAMP (PHPMyAdmin MySQL), JPARepository, JavaScript, Springboot security
Cheese MVC — Launchcode’s Class project to add/remove cheese
● Java MVC application to demonstrate CRUD repository for cheese object to add/remove/edit cheese.
● Technologies used : Java, Spring boot, Thymeleaf, Gradle, MySQL
● https://github.com/KamakshiSK/Cheese-mvc
Blogz — Launchcode’s Class project to build a blog
● Python MVC application to add/remove post, maintain user session
● Technologies used : Python, Flask, Jinja2, MySQL
● https://github.com/KamakshiSK/Blogz
Windows Azure Controller (Mindtree) — Automation and testing of Windows cloud system component
● Explored Azure controller and studied components/feature areas such as Azure Controller Backup, Azure Network Manager, Azure Network Manager Backup/Restore, Azure Network Manager stress testing, Azure VNET stress testing etc.
● Worked on Core C#.NET/Console Application, Threading, XML manipulation, automation framework optimization, automation framework enhancement.
● Written test script in PowerShell to automatically execute tests without manual intervention.
● Analysed working of new services/application & prepared test scenarios. Windows Live Messenger (Mindtree) — Testing of WLM branding and installation, Automation framework development and optimization.
● Ownership of installation of a WLM application on different Operating systems and testing WLM branding with client.
● Automated / investigated / fixed WLM branding feature and WLM Installation as per design of the product.
● Enhanced Automation framework (includes Library changes, OM addition, adding Registry Key verification code etc.)
● Trained and mentored new team members.
● Performed Code reviews with adherence to the coding standards
● Involved in carrying out POC of new automation frameworks. MSN Alerts (Mindtree) — Testing and automation of MSN alerts website.
● Developed test automation in XML test scripts.
● Performed functional testing of alerts received on MSN messenger and MSN mail.
● Tested integration of various 3rd party applications with core modules as per requirements.
Contact this candidate