SDET
Authorized to work in the US for any employer without sponsorship
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
Oracle Certified Associate (Java Se 8 Programmer I) and SDET / Test Automation Engineer expert with excellent interpersonal and leadership skills to provide outstanding assistance in a team-oriented environment, utilizing proficiency in the SDLC and technical knowledge. Self-motivated and highly organized team player and excellent communicator QA experience. Excellent interpersonal, communication skills. Good Team Player and can work independently as and when required. Fast learner and creative problem-solver. Quality and detail-oriented. Highly flexible and adaptive performer. SUMMARY OF QUALIFICATIONS
Expert on Java, JavaScript, XML, SQL and HTML programming languages.
Experienced in developing various Automation Frameworks from scratch using Java, Apache/Maven, Selenium WebDriver, JUnit, TestNG, Cucumber, Jenkins, Postman, RestFull API, SQL and JDBC.
Used Jira for defect management and Git/GitHub for code management.
Hands on experience in building Data Driven, Behavior Driven Development
(BDD) and Hybrid Testing Frameworks from scratch using Java, Maven, Selenium, JUnit, TestNG, and Cucumber.
Excellent proficiency in NetBeans, Eclipse and IntelliJ IDEA.
Hands on experience with Windows and MAC OS.
Experience of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC), Software Testing Life Cycle (STLC), Defect Life Cycle management and different methodologies such as Agile/Scrum with strong familiarity of Kanban and Waterfall.
Expert in Analyzing, Designing and Implementing QA testing strategy for Web based applications using Manual Testing and Automation Testing platforms.
Efficiency with GUI Testing, Web Testing, Smoke Testing, Functional Testing, System Testing, Integration Testing, Regression testing, User Acceptance Testing.
Aisha GENCH
425-***-****
adckdj@r.postjobfree.com
Houston, TX
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
BOOKIT McLean, VA
Test Automation Engineer / SDET 09/2018 – Present
CONTRIBUTIONS:
Successfully created detailed, comprehensive, and well-structured Test Plans and Test Cases to ensure maximum test coverage and improved test efficiency.
Developed Cucumber BDD test automation framework from scratch using Selenium WebDriver, JUnit, Maven, based on Page Object Model to improve the collaboration of all stakeholders and easily engaging in product development.
Successfully generated HTML reports with detailed test steps and screenshots to improve test efficiency and maximize test coverage.
Performed remote execution of daily Smoke Tests with Jenkins and sent email reports to ensure that the major functions of the software were functioning properly.
Implemented Java, Selenium WebDriver to automate Cucumber BDD scenarios written in Gherkin syntax ensuring minimal manual intervention and code re- usability.
Performed back-end testing by writing complex SQL queries and using JDBC libraries ensuring the test coverage and finding defects effectively in the early stages of the product development. Worked on Database Testing, Data Manipulation using PostgreSQL queries and establishing the Database connection.
Created many test cases such as Smoke, Functional, Positive, Negative and Regression Testing.
Environment: IntelliJ, Selenium WebDriver, Java, Maven, Cucumber, JUnit, Jira, XML, HTML, Jenkins, SQL, AWS, Page Object Model (POM), Git, GitHub. 4Stay McLean, VA
Test Automation Engineer / SDET 03/2018 – 09/2018
CONTRIBUTIONS:
Responsible for developing and maintaining automated Testing Frameworks, designing and implementing tests, debugging and defining corrective actions, and executing exploratory and automated tests to ensure product quality.
Developed Cucumber BDD Test Automation Framework using Java language utilizing Maven, Selenium WebDriver, JUnit, TestNG, IntelliJ IDEA ensuring testing of key web application features and user behaviors.
Collaborated in all phases of the Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) and Testing Life Cycle (STLC) in an Agile / Scrum environment maintaining quality development of the Sprint deliverables.
Executed both manual and automated API Testing by using Postman and Java libraries such as Rest-assured.
Used Jira as defect tracking and Git for code management necessities.
Executing the Smoke, Regression, Positive, Negative and Functional Testing. Environment: Selenium WebDriver, API, Jenkins, Jira, Maven, TestNG, Cucumber, Java, Postman, Agile, XML, Html, Git, GitHub.
Antivlia LLC Houston/ TX
QA Manual Tester 07/2016 – 03/2018
CONTRIBUTIONS:
Tested and analyzed new software before purchasing and installation.
Managed and maintained customer database for ordering and communication purposes.
Worked closely with developers to find defects depending on possible bugs arise from the lacked explanation in requirements.
Run web application tests manually in multiple browsers (e.g.: IE, Chrome, Firefox).
Ensured that the delivered product meets user expectations and requirements.
Designed and run user acceptance test cases in collaboration with the development team and users.
Working closely with the developers to resolve the defects, issues and understanding the functionality.
Tested, maintained and recommended software improvements to ensure strong functionality and performance.
Test execution and identifying defects.
Used Black box and Functional testing techniques to share test reports for the project.
To use computers including software, database used by the district, spreadsheet and word processing software, calculator, copy machine and telephone. Yavuz Selim College Dakar/ Senegal
IT Manager 08/2012– 07/2016
CONTRIBUTIONS:
Designed student progress cards with improvements throughout the school year.
Verified and validated student data gathered from different sources such as online registrations, manual data entries by office assistants (paper documents received at the front desk or by phone).
Manually created and run SQL scripts for bulk data inserts and updates.
Generated custom reports and did data analysis using SQL queries.
Generated progress charts and trends based on findings from SQL queries. EDUCATION
Social Sciences (Public Relations). University of Selcuk (Konya, Turkey)
Contact this candidate