Jagdeep Singh Gill
Phone No.: 647-***-**** Email: adcun7@r.postjobfree.com
Toronto
Dedicated professional with 5+ years of experience in web applications quality control. Seeking to work for a company that appreciates excellence and hard work.

Professional Summary:
5.5 years in Information Technology as a QA Tester /Analyst with experience in analysis, design, development and testing of Client/Server and Web Based Applications.
Strong Knowledge and experience of all phases of SDLC (Software Development Life Cycle) and QALC (Quality Assurance Life Cycle).
Expert in SQA (Software Quality Assurance) including Manual and Automated testing with tools such as Selenium WebDriver/IDE/Grid, Appium and Quality Center, ALM, JIRA and Postman.
Proficient in using SoapUI for testing Web Services and used various types of assertions such as soap fault, Contains, X-path etc.
Expertise in building automation frameworks such as Page Object Model, Data driven, BDD using Selenium, Junit/ TestNg, Ant/Maven and Java.
Expert in integrating Automation scripts (Selenium WebDriver API) on Continuous Integration tool Jenkins for nightly batch run of the Script.
Experience in Black Box testing, Functional Testing, System testing, Integration testing, Regression testing, Data Driven testing, Back End and Front-End testing and User Acceptance testing.
Experience in applying Testing Methodologies, creating Test Plans, Executing Test Scripts, Automation of Test Cases, Defect Tracking and Report Generation.
Experience in Mobile Testing using Appium.
Expert level knowledge in all modules of Quality Center (Requirements, Test Plan, Test Lab, Dashboard and Defects).
Demonstrated ability to work on Work Flow Diagrams, Entity Relationship Diagrams, and Data Flow Diagrams.
Experience in bug reporting tools like ALM, BugZilla, and JIRA.
Strong knowledge on SDLC methodologies such as Agile, SCRUM and Waterfall
Well versed in different management scenarios like Change Control, Quality Assurance, Defect Tracking, System Integration, and Task Scheduling.
Good programming skills in Java, VB, Oracle, SQL and experience in SQL Server, Access and Oracle Databases.
Proficient in using SQL queries to perform back end testing for data integrity.
Excellent interpersonal skills, proven team player with an analytical bent to problem solving and delivering under high stress environment.
Experience in various agile methodologies like Test Driven Development (TDD), SCRUM, and Pair Programming
Good analytical and communication skills and ability to work independently with minimal supervision and perform as part of a team.

Technical Skills:
Programming Languages: Java, C, C++
Scripting Languages: JAVA scripting, VB scripting, Groovy script
Web Technologies: HTML, XML, CSS, DOM, AJAX, JSON
Automation Testing: Selenium Web driver, JUNIT, TestNG, SOAPUI, Postman, Cucumber, Appium
Testing & Management tools: JIRA, HPQC ALM, Testlink, Bugzilla
CI tools: Jenkins
Database: Oracle, SQL Server, MS Access
Source Control & Build tools: Git, Ant, Maven
Operating System: Windows, UNIX, Mac, iOS, Android
Browsers: IE, Mozilla FireFox, Safari, Chrome
Software Methodologies: Agile (Scrum and Kanban), Waterfall
Other Tools: TOAD, MS Office Suite, Firebug, Eclipse, Putty, WordPress, ChroPath, Toad, IntelliJ, Visual Studio.

Professional Experience:
Rogers, Toronto – ON Feb 2018 – Till Date
Role: QA Automation Engineer
Rogers Internet - Online Portal web is where Rogers’s customers maintain their online accounts. Manage profiles, pay bills, check usage history and update plans.
Responsibilities:
Involved in analyzing Business Requirement Documents and Technical Specification document and developed test plan and test cases for testing the application.
Tested independent and dependant modules individually. Prepared Test Matrix to keep track of the requirements and the test cases.
Define, develop, and execute automation test scripts using Java and Selenium that leverage black and white box testing across functional and non-functional testing.
Created automation framework in Selenium WebDriver using behavior driven approach like Cucumber. Extensively used Page Objects design and page navigation framework for readable test script and easy maintenance from developer perspectives.
Integrated Automation scripts (Selenium WebDriver API) in Continuous Integration tools (Jenkins) for nightly batch run of the Script.
Developed test automation scripts using Selenium WebDriver for regression and performance testing of the various releases of the application.
Developed Test Framework in Selenium for UI Regression Test Automation and when necessary, and potentially execute Unit Test automation (Java).
Used TestNG Annotations in Selenium WebDriver and executed a batch of tests as TestNG suite.
Performed Assertions like Schema Compliance, XPath and SOAP responses.
Developed user-friendly and flashy XSLT reports using TestNG and Maven.
Conducted System Testing and User Acceptance Testing for every client and Conducted Backend testing writing extensive SQL queries.
Checked the data flow through the front end to backend and used SQL queries, to extract the data from the database.
Involved in documentation as to how to maintain and run scripts for future enhancements. Responsible for testing the application against different environments in QA, staging and production.
Analyzed the business requirements, developed test plans and created test cases in Quality center, a test management tool.
Environment: Java, Selenium WebDriver, Cucumber, TestNG, Jenkins, Jira, Postman, Maven, SQL Server, IE, Firefox, Chrome, Windows, UNIX, Git, TestRail, Eclipse.

SimpoQ Solutions Date: Jan 2016 – Nov 2017
Role: QA Analyst
SimpoQ is a software development and IT outsourcing company which gives both offshore and onshore technological solutions to business enterprises around the world. We are IT professionals with a wealth of knowledge and immense experience in IT Services. Research and devotion have led to qualitative, timely and cost-effective technical solutions for Companies and Individuals.
Responsibilities:
Responsible for preparation of Test cycle/progress reports, analysis of defect metrics & implement improvement actions for next iterations.
Involved in designing and implementing of hybrid automation framework to be used with Selenium WebDriver.
Used Java language and Junit framework for scripting. Used Ant for building the WebDriver project. Integrated with Continuous Integration tools Jenkins for running test on nightly basis automatically.
Performed Data driven testing using Selenium WebDriver, Junit functions and JDBC Connections which reads data from scripts using property and XML files.
Performed Smoke Testing to make sure all the Test Channels and Test Environment is working as desired.
Responsible for fixing and maintaining regression automation test scripts for end to end testing using Selenium WebDriver (using Java).
Coordinated for conducting Regression testing.
Conducted backend testing using SQL queries to validate data for database and Used SQL queries for retrieving data from database for executing user specific test cases.
Defect logging and tracking using Quality Center (QC) and updated the test defects status with results.
Used QC bug tracking and reporting, also followed up with development team to verify bug fixes and update bug status.
Closely involved with development team, maintenance team and business team regarding changing requirements, builds and releases.
Environment: Java, Selenium WebDriver, JavaScript, Jenkins, Junit, XML, DHTML, HP Quality Center, ANT, SQL, PLSQL, Oracle, Windows.

Protovative Consultancy Date: Oct 2014 - Dec 2015
Role: Automation Software Tester
Protovative has expertise in developing Mobile Applications across a variety of platforms and devices. Our experience includes Blackberry Mobile Application Development, Windows Mobile Development, iPhone Mobile Application Development, Symbian Mobile Application Development and Android Mobile Application Development.
Responsibilities:
Designed and developed Test procedures based on Work Request (Requirement Documents) and Design Documents.
Reviewed Business requirements, IT Design documents and prepared Test Plans for all assigned project Releases.
Analyzed Business Requirement document and develop Test Plan for System testing.
Participate weekly meeting with testing team members, developers and business analyst.
Executed the test cases manually and analyzed the results and reported the bugs to the developers.
Used Snag-it to provide supporting documents like snap shots and recorded clips with Analysis Report.
Attended walkthroughs and review meetings with Business analysts and development teams.
Analyzes and evaluates major system project requirements of considerable complexity requiring a thorough understanding of all parameters affecting and interfacing with the system.
Reviews user requirements and provides direction in the identification of problem and potential resolution.
Actively communicated with the end users and business users to create realistic test cases.
Provide test summary documentation and analyze test results, identifying trends and/or root causes of problems.
Formulates logical statements of user requirements and develops solutions through application of systems and methods of engineering techniques.
Environment: Java, J2EE, JSP, HTML, Quality Center, Toad, Putty, Oracle.

Education:
B. Tech in IT, 2012
Punjab Technical University, Punjab, India
Contact this candidate