Eduardo Tergolina Filho
*****, ******** **** – FL - USA
Phone: +1-408-***-****
E-mail: adcv4u@r.postjobfree.com
LinkedIn: http://br.linkedin.com/in/eduardotfilho
About.me: https://about.me/eduardotergolinafilho

OBJECTIVES
Combine “Hands on” and management into software quality cycles. QA team management, software testing management, team coaching, performance engineering, test automation engineering, business management, people management, process management and continuous process improvement, scrum master, IT management.
Always up to date with Software quality trends, techniques and technologies as well as the software development life cycle as a whole. More than 10 years working as a QA lead/manager and 15 years as a Test Automation engineer (using multiple frameworks like POM and Keyword driven), evaluating backend and front-end systems on several different platforms and technologies.

AREAS OF EXPERTISE
IT Services, Software Development, Logistics, EHR(Electronic Health Records) Systems, Marketing, Retail, Education systems, Finance, Insurance, Legal

MOST RELEVANT TECH SKILLS – Master level
Process/Test Automation – UFT, TruClient, Selenium (Java or Python), Cucumber, Cypress, Katalon Studio, SoapUI, cURL, Browserstack, SauceLabs
Performance Testing – LoadRunner, JMeter (using Groovy and Beanshell), NeoLoad, Locust.
SDLC/Project Management - Jira, Rally, ALM, Bugzilla, Trello, Monday

EDUCATION
High School- Completed in 1996 - Institution: Instituto Porto Alegre.
Bachelor Graduation - Systems Analysis - Completed in 2004 - Institution: Pontificia Universidade Catolica do Rio Grande do Sul - Brazil
MBA - Business Management. – Completed in September 2011 - Institution: Unisinos University - Brazil
Certification in Software Testing CSTP – Master Level – Completed in 2011 - Duration: ~70 hours. Institution: IIST – (online certification) Golden Valley, Minnesota / USA

LANGUAGES
Portuguese: Native
English: Fluent
Spanish: Fluent

ACCOMPLISHMENTS
Recruited, hired, led and coached several QA teams acting as a QA manager and QA lead on the last 10 years.
Created and maintained a vast amount of scripts in 15 years of test automation and performance engineering experience, from small simple scripts created in minutes to huge end-to-end scripts covering automation on several different platforms (DB, UI, APIs). There's basically no framework I haven't automated yet.
Created hundreds load test scripts and scenarios (JMeter and LoadRunner) that helped on identify infrastructure bottlenecks and determine necessary tuning on software and/or infrastructure, assuring reliability of every software I signed-off.
Became a technical global reference on every company I've worked for, coaching, training dozens of quality engineers on testing principles, test automation and performance testing.
Documented all testing processes and techniques (using several different tools) according to the context, sharing the QA processes and achievements among all the division areas, on an accessible and simple language.
Consistently defined and applied successfully solid test strategy on every project, including test automation and performance testing scopes for large teams (local and off-shore).
Acted as the lab "QA practitioner" at Hewlett Packard, sharing knowledge and techniques regarding software testing principles, test automation, performance testing and test management among all the Test engineers on recurrent meetings and events.
Presented automation, performance testing and mobile testing training lectures for Universities, local and US teams.
Created "internal startup" in HPE for process automation that saved hundreds of hours for the team.

EXPERIENCE
4Discovery LLC (Remote): Jul 2019 to present. QA manager, In charge of recruiting, hiring, training and managing a complete new QA team for the Greenway Health CIA (Corporate Integrity Agreement) Software review project. Acted also as an “auditor” for the reviewee processes, like Software QA Procedures, Training and Compliance. The review was composed by hundreds of tests executed by our team over their EHR (Electronic Health Records) software.
Responsible for defining all operational testing processes and standards from the scratch, translating all ONC and CMS regulations (ONC-ATL 2015 Edition Test Method, AHRQ Electronic Clinical Quality Measures) scope to epics and testing tasks into Jira. The first cycle results contained more than 30 non-conformity issues found by our QA team, problems that were not previously found by the anterior auditing company over those same systems. Other than manual validation, the ONC compliance testing tools used for the review were NIST and Cypress.

Kobie Marketing (USA-FL): Jul 2017 to Jul 2019. Enterprise QA Automation Lead/ QA manager. Directly managed the internal teams that serve the Finance clients (State Farm, FNBO, FCB, RBC) and Telecom client (Verizon), a total of 6 QA engineers.
From a broader perspective, I was In charge of defining QA standards to be adopted by the whole company. Also responsible for every test automation and performance testing initiative, not only creating the main frameworks and scripts, but also coaching team members to maintain and execute the test suites. Worked almost as an independent internal consultant, available to improve the company QA processes as well as enable team members to do their jobs better and faster. Among several achievements, I completely transformed the QA process in internal teams serving clients like Best Buy, State Farm, TJX and Justice, capacitating the QA team on software testing principles, automation and load testing techniques, achieving impressive test automation and load testing coverage on areas that had literally no QA process or automation in place. Implemented both Backend and Front-End (Selenium using Page Object Model) test automation frameworks adopted by every internal team. Created a series of Performance tests using JMeter and Locust (Python), also setting the framework for these scripts, adopted by every team. Being able to work in parallel with multiple teams has given me the opportunities of identifying high level demands and all of the standards defined and posted on the “QA@Kobie” Confluence page are tailored specifically for Kobie and its particular QA team. Also, being constant part of the Enterprise and Architecture team allowed me to know the architectural point of view of our applications, being always up to date to the most urgent issues not only into the QA scope, but all IT department. All this information is being considered on every single one of my “immersions” into each team, helping on applying more generic solutions in order to keep “breaking” the silos into the company.

Hewlett Packard Enterprise (USA-CA): May 2014 to Jun 2017. Sr. QA Engineer/Manager for the HPE Software division, composed by 3 projects: SaaS.hpe, MarketPlace and TechBeacon. In charge for managing 5 QA engineers (local, Romania and India) and 1 contractor, responsible not only for all the QA efforts, but the release to production process (Jenkins). Creator of the “Process Automation initiative” in which the QA team members use to automate processes to help the other divisions of the team on being more precise and agile. Coach of the QA team on UFT, LoadRunner, JMeter, and several other tools. Set and improved the SDLC among all 3 projects, tweaking workflows and fields in Jira, in order to organize and align the QA cycles between the projects. Responsible for the team alignment when Online Business was merged to HPLN team (in Cluj, Romania). Defined and disseminated a vast amount of testing tools to attend most of the QA team needs, such as Zephyr (Jira), BrowserStack, LoadRunner, Selenium (with Python), Sikuli, Fiddler, AppPulse Active, etc. Fulfilling also the QA people manager role, in charge of hiring, terminating, promoting and assessing the performance of the QA team members. Created a full Selenium regression test suite for our webpages (which were created using ReactJS and Node.js) .Formally recognized several times for initiative, leadership and dedication, receiving the top grade on every single performance review since the first day at the role, what granted me a promotion to QA manager.

Hewlett Packard (Brazil): Aug 2011 until May 2014. QA lead for the BTE Program, which involves 4 distinct projects composed by distributed teams (BR and US). Responsible for leading the local testing team, defining the strategy and planning all QA efforts inside the projects’ releases using Agile methodology. Responsible for all the communication and interface between the distributed QA teams within the Polaris project. Test Lead of the RGS (Remote Graphics Software) project, leading a team of 7 testers, distributed between Brazil and US. Acted as the PCL lab “QA practitioner”, sharing knowledge and techniques regarding test automation, performance testing and test management among all the PCL testers and test engineers. Presented automation, performance testing and mobile testing training sessions for local and US teams.

ThoughtWorks (Brazil): May 2011 until Aug 2011. Senior Consultant for QA and Performance engineering. Functional and Performance Testing using the Agile Methodology. Exploratory testing and Performance Testing using open source tools such as Jmeter, Cucumber (Watir, Ruby, Selenium). Responsible for the QA team on the project viajeaqui.com.br (Publishing Abril).

Dell Computers (Brazil): Oct 2005 until May 2011. Team Leader of Brazil’s Test Automation and Performance Engineering team. Solid knowledge on Quick Test Professional. Internal instructor for Test Automation and QTP. Script development and project management (teams of U.S. and India). Application development using SilverLight platform and C#. Solid knowledge on Performance engineering using LoadRunner and Sitescope. Lead of several performance testing projects, including resource allocation, roadmap planning and hardware sizing.

Kruger Conventos Logistics (Brazil): Apr 2003 until Sep 2005: Senior Software Engineer using Visual Basic and SQL Server platforms. Responsible for the development of ERP and logistics software. In charge of Architecture, implementation, unit testing and regression tests.

ESPM (Brazil): Feb 2001 until Oct 2002. Trainee responsible for the computer lab at the university. Network administration and hardware maintenance.

Awards (relevant achievements)
Year
Organization
Role
Award
2011
Dell
Software Testing Analyst II (Perf. Eng.)
Individual Bronze Award
2009
Dell
Software Testing Analyst II (Automation)
Team Silver Award
2008
Dell
Software Testing Analyst II (Automation)
Automation Award
2008
Dell
Software Testing Analyst II (Automation)
Best Practice Award
2007
Dell
Software Testing Analyst I (Automation)
Team Silver Award
2007
Dell
Software Testing Analyst I (Automation)
Individual Bronze Award
2007
Dell
Software Testing Analyst I (Automation)
Individual Silver Award
Contact this candidate