Vedant Rakshe
Mobile (India) : +91-907*******
E-Mail : adfddr@r.postjobfree.com
OBJECTIVE
To work in a value driven organization, where every assignment is a challenge, where I can utilize my skills to achieve success as an IT Professional with a deep sense of integrity in all aspects of business ethics, being adaptive to changing situations and contribute to the productivity of the company and thereby by own growth. EXPERIENCE SUMMARY OF 22 Months
● A competent professional with 22 months of QA experience.
● Experience in coordinating with Clients/BAs for Functional Query resolutions from onshore.
● Professional expertise in Black Box Testing, Functional Testing, Database Testing, System Testing, Regression Testing, Web Service Testing and Smoke Testing.
● Involved in various stages of SDLC implementing V-Model and Agile, iteration, scrum methodologies.
● Analyzing the Requirement documents and also involved in test case creation.
● Ability to adapt to customer’s service standards and procedures and a commitment to excellence in customer service.
● Ability to work independently on multiple tasks.
● Preparing knowledge transition documents for new team members and helping them to resolve their queries and doubts.
● Good in writing complex database queries.
● Coordinate with development teams for defect fixes and other testing requirements.
● Responsible for analysis and defect tracking using HP-ALM 12.21.
● Significant experience in team management and reporting to the management on the needed metrics.
● 22 months experience in Automation testing using Tricentis TOSCA 11, including test case designing and module capture for Java based applications and NON UI testing for SOAP web services. DOMAIN EXPERIENCE
Insurance Domain
PROFESSIONAL PROFILE
Organization Accenture Solutions Pvt. Ltd., Pune
Duration 20th September 2018 to till date
Designation Associate Software Test Analyst
Profile Associate Software Engineer (Database and Functional Testing) SKILL SET
TECHNICAL
Defect Tracking Tool HP ALM 12.21
Languages SQL, C, C++, Java, Javascript, HTML, CSS
Tools Tricentis TOSCA 11, HP ALM, SOAP UI, Eclipse IDE,Selenium, HP PPM
Database DB2
Operating System Windows Family
CERTIFICATION
● TOSCA Automation Specialist Level 1
● TOSCA Automation Specialist Level 2
● Insurance Foundation Training
PROJECT DETAILS – ACCENTURE SOLUTIONS PVT. LTD.
Client ALLIANZ, GERMANY
Synopsis:
Allianz is one of the leading insurers, both property and casualty and life and health.Allianz offers a wide range of insurance and fund products to over 86 million customers in more than 70 countries. 1) Team – Kunde und Partner (Insurance)
Duration September 2018 to January 2020
Profile Associate Software Testing Analyst
● Worked as Test Analyst for Kunde und Partner team.
● Main tasks include requirement analysis, test strategizing, test cycle planning, estimation, test execution review.
● Delegating test execution tasks to test team.
● Onshore-Offshore coordination.
● Good exposure in database testing, Web Service testing using SOAP UI.
● Automation test design and execution using Tricentis TOSCA.
● Supervising and coordinating automation design and test activities within the team.
● Experience in coordinating with Clients/BOs for Functional Query resolutions from onshore.
● Responsible for Peer Review and Quality Assurance assignment.
● Mentoring new team members and Knowledge Management activities.
● Daily, weekly and monthly Test Status Reporting.
Client Merck
Synopsis:
Merck & Co Inc is one of the world's leading pharmaceutical health care companies, headquartered in New Jersey. As is typical for pharmaceutical firms, its principle business is medicines, biologics, vaccines, and consumer and animal products.
1) Team – Product Lifecycle Management
Duration January 2019 to till today.
Profile Associate Software Testing Analyst
● Performed regression testing on SAP PP every release to validate the functionality of the application and log defects into HP ALM.
● Performed performance testing on SAP PLM (Specification Management) every sprint to check application meets the expected functionality.
● Created automated test cases using Tricentis TOSCA.
● Performed data validation to verify the accuracy of the data item.
● Determined business requirements to create test cases.
● Collaborated with developers to ensure test planning adheres to the proper requirements.
● Provided status reports to project managers
EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATION
● B.E in Electronics and Telecommunication with First class with Distinction (70%) from Pune Institute Of Computer Technology.
● 12th H.S.C with 66.62% from Nowrosjee Wadia College in 2014.
● 10TH S.S.C with 88.55% from N.M.V School in 2012. Key Achievements
• Qualified upto Regional final level at eYantra Ideas Competition-2018 organized by IIT Bombay & secured 2nd runner up at IIIT Pune’s Project competition.
• Department topper in Industrial Management Subject.
• Won Rockstar Rookie Award for best performance in Allianz Project.
• Organized a National level Robotics Workshop in PICT in coordination with IIT Bombay and Robokart. PERSONAL DETAILS
Name Vedant Shashikant Rakshe
Date of Birth 20th May 1996
Passport Yes
Mobile No. (India) +91-907*******
Email ID adfddr@r.postjobfree.com
Current Location Pune (MH)
Aadhar Number 812*-****-****
PAN Number BSEPA9686F
DECLARATION
I hereby confirm that the above mentioned particulars, are true to the best of my knowledge and belief.
Contact this candidate