Kanupriya Garg
E-mail : adfe5j@r.postjobfree.com mobile : +1-703-***-****

Green Card Holder: Authorized to work in US for any employer.

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
6+ years of strong experience as an automation and manual test engineer.
Proficient in developing test automation scripts using Selenium WebDriver with Java.
Extensively worked on TestNG Hybrid Framework and can work and develop Cucumber Framework too.
Experienced in building test automation scripts in Maven and integrating in CICD tool, Jenkins.
Used GitHub as code repository.
Experienced in SQL for Oracle database testing.
Experienced in testing web-based and client-server applications.
Experienced in developing test suites for Smoke, Functional and Regression testing.
Performed Black box, positive, negative, Integration, System, Front end, Back end, User Acceptance testing.

TECHNICAL SKILLS

Selenium WebDriver for automation testing.
Languages: Java, SQL, JavaScript, Visual Basic.
Build Tool: Maven
CICD Tool: Jenkins
Version control and Repository: Git Hub.
Frameworks:BDD Cucumber,Data Driven Hybrid framework.
Bug Reporting Tools: ALM, Quality Center.
RDBMS: Oracle
SDLC Methodologies: Agile, Waterfall
Operating Systems: Windows XP/7/Vista.
Servers: IIS, Apache, Web sphere, web server.
Other Tools: MS (word, Excel, Power point, Visio), Tableau, JIRA, Toad.
Web Browser: Internet Explorer, Google Chrome, Mozilla Firefox.
APIs: Selenium WebDriver, Apache POI, TestNG, log4j

EDUCATION

Master of Science in Electronics (Kurukshetra University, India)
Bachelor of Science in Electronics (Kurukshetra University, India)
Bachelor of Management (IGNOU, India)

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
CVS Pharmacy (July 2018-present), Woonsocket, RI
Automation Test Engineer
Maintained Data Driven Hybrid Automation Framework of Selenium and TestNG to automate web-based application using Page Object Model design pattern.
Created Automated Test Suites from User Stories using Selenium with Java.
Used Apache POI library files for data driven testing from excel files.
Created Maven Project with various dependencies and plugins to create jars and to invoke TestNG.xml files.
Used GitHub, source code management tool for code re-usage, high portability extending scope of Automation Testing.
Executed the project through Jenkins.
Reviewed the Test Reports using TestNG framework.
Participated in team Scrums, planning, retrospectives, and design sessions to validate requirements and providing the LOE (Level of Effort) to complete the task.
Worked in Agile/SCRUM team with JIRA as an Agile tool.
Utilized various tools like Eclipse, Maven, Java, TestNG, Git Hub, Jenkins.

Bed, Bath and Beyond (Feb 2016-Apr 2018), Union, NJ.

QA Engineer

Tested functionality of the POS application to validate changes implemented for B2B transactions did not adversely affect existing functionality across all applications and brands. Regression Test Cases were executed to support this objective.
Tested Payment Gateway interface on the E-commerce Point of Sale (POS) application.
Converted functional and regression test cases to automated test scripts using Selenium TestNG framework and integrated test suite execution with Jenkins for continuous integration.
Performed compatibility testing on different browsers like IE, Firefox & Chrome.
Performed REST API testing using SoapUI tool.
Responsible for creating the SOP (Standard Operating Procedure) for test procedures and transition documents for the client.
Involved in team Scrum meeting, created epic and user stories, participated in test case review meeting, coordinated with development team and clients

Publix Super Markets, (Jan2015 – Dec 2015), Lakeland, Fl.

QA Analyst

Coordinated with database and requirement teams for database migration project.
Created comprehensive test cases to cover each aspect of the data migration.
Developed SQL scripts to validate number of rows migrated, actual data values in the target table.
Verified target views and compared with source schema views by doing SQL queries on the source and target schemas.
Developed Regression test suites for web-based applications using HP UFT 11.5
Helped team members to create automated scripts for their projects
Coordinated and helped external users who visited the site for User Acceptance Testing.

Gordon Food Service (May 2014 – Nov 2014), Chantilly, VA

QA Analyst

Gordon Food Service is Food Retail Company which distributes to food service operators in many regions of the US and Canada. The Next Gen Ordering system is used by customers of GFS to order food and other supplies through ecommerce channels like web and mobile.
Reviewed requirements with functional manager and technical specialists of the application.
Prepared and executed manual Test Cases as per System Requirements and User Stories for functional, positive, negative testing and helped in UAT testing.
Developed SQL queries and joins for validating data in Data Base and used Excel. and XML files for Data Driven Automation testing.
Tracked and Reported defects using JIRA.
Developed and executed Test cases. Tracked the status of project using HP Quality Center Test management tool.
Used TOAD tool to connect to database and execute SQL queries.
Contact this candidate