PRATIK BHAYANI
Los Angeles, CA *****
562-***-**** adgjnn@r.postjobfree.com

QA SOFTWARE ENGINEER

8+ years of complete SDLC experience, including designing, developing, and implementing test plans, test cases and test processes fuelling swift corrective actions, significant cost savings and fault-free audits.
Excellent experience in Software Testing in Client Server Application and Web based application using Manual Testing Techniques and Automated open source Testing Tools.

Automated Test Systems Quality Methodologies QA Team Leadership

Technical Skills:

Automation tools: Selenium WebDriver/IDE/Grid, Appium, JMeter, Sikuli, Cucumber, Maven, Jenkins
Business Intelligence Tools: Tableau, Google Analytics, SAP Predictive Analysis, Google Fusion Tables, SAP Crystal Reports, Power View, MS Excel, MS PowerPoint.
Test Management Tool: TestRail, HP ALM
Defect Tracking: JIRA, Bugzilla, HP Quality Center
Databases: Oracle Database, MySQL, Microsoft SQL Server
Languages: Java, Python, Groovy, Java Script, SQL
Test Approaches: Waterfall, Agile/Scrum, SDLC, STLC
Operating System: Windows, MAC, LINUX
Other Tools: Business Objects, Confluence, Slack, Eclipse, Visual Studio, Git, SVN, Jenkins, Maven

Professional Experience:

Senior QA Automation Engineer at Sony Pictures Entertainment: Mar 2018 — Present
Serve as a key member of software development team as the Senior QA engineer working on accounting and finance project for Sony TV distribution.
Roles and Responsibility:
Developed and Execute test cases using Selenium Web Driver and Java.
Implemented Page Object Model framework from scratch based on TDD using Selenium Web Driver API, Java, JavaScript, TestNG, XML\XPath, GitHub, Windows, Oracle11G, SQL
Set up Jenkins Continuous Integration (CI) environment and integrated with Selenium Grid to run Test cases on VM nodes with headless browser daily periodically.
Collaborating with stakeholders to understand the business logic and clearly define the scope and key objectives of the project.
Translating the client’s business requirements into detailed Scrum stories listing all requirements with acceptance criteria.
Interacting with PL/SQL developers to understand the data sources and structure.
Performed Database testing by extensively using complex SQL queries to verify the integrity of the database.
Data quality check – Ensuring data integrity by cross - validating the extracted data from database with the relevant stakeholders for data accuracy and consistency.

Building negative scenarios to furthermore validate the quality aspect.
Provide reports and status dashboards using Tableau to management on the automation sprint backlog, timing, schedule and results.
Environment: Selenium WebDriver 2.4, MySQL, Oracle, JIRA, Confluence, Slack, Java, Python, Robot, TestNG, Tableau, Excel, Eclipse

Application Software Test Engineer at Extron Electronics: Mar 2017 — Mar 2018
Performed software testing and quality assurance of company’s product configuration applications working under Agile (Scrum) software development environment.
Roles and Responsibility:
Worked on testing Audio-Visual products for firmware and software issues.
Mentored, supervised, and trained in hands-on of test equipment and test setups.
Enthusiastic entry-level Scrum Master. Worked on two Scrum teams and filled in as Scrum Master on several occasions.
Proven history of successful work with cross-functional teams.
Extensive Knowledge in Agile Methodology and participated in Sprint planning, Sprint Retrospective, Product Backlog Refinement and daily Scrum meetings.
Used Jenkins server to execute automation scripts on a regular basis by scheduling Jenkins jobs in test environment with different test configuration.
Actively involved in black box, grey box and white box of the application.
Developed automatic test systems for high performance audio/video streaming and switching products using USB, Ethernet, RS-232 control interface on instruments and I/O controllers.
Developed and tested audio/video streaming support projects like XTP, PCS, ADAIRLAKE, EDID Editor. Knowledge of object-oriented design and programming principles.
Worked on tools like White Automation, JIRA, Visual studio 2017
Environment: Visual Studio 2017, JIRA, Confluence, Slack, C#, White Automation and Jenkins

QA Engineer at Accenture Services Pvt. Ltd. Aug 2013 — Jul 2015
As a QA analyst, engaged in development, testing, and integration of web/mobile based check-in application and KIOSK for European airline project.
Roles and Responsibility:
Utilized HP functional test suite (HP QTP, HP Quality Centre) for test automation.
Developed test cases and scripts, and created virtual passengers in LoadRunner for Load, Stress and Performance Testing of the application.
Experienced in Mobile testing using Appium.
Tested application compatibility on different browser versions (IE, Firefox, Safari and Chrome) across multiple platforms (Windows, Linux, Mac OS)
Perform web services testing with Rest Assured tool by validating request and response for XML, JSON files based on needs.
Involved in GUI, Functional, Regression testing and System testing.
Involved in Bugs Tracking & Prepare Bug Report Document.
Involved in weekly review meetings.
Led a team of three in automating cases for business application which help me won ‘Star of the Month’ award in year 2013, and the ‘Delivery Unit Staff Award’ in the year 2014.
Environment: QTP 9.5, HP QC, Appium, Rest Assured, HTML and SQL

QA Associate at Accenture Services Pvt. Ltd. Jun 2011 – Aug 2013
As an associate QA, responsible for software quality assurance of broadband and mobile service applications for British telecom project.
Roles and Responsibility:
Worked as Functional Tester (Manual/Automation). Conducted 5+ levels of testing including functional, regression, user acceptance, integration, and performance to verify the client’s needs.
Created Use Cases and used MS Visio to model use case Diagrams, activity diagrams and sequence diagrams.
Created, designed and executed test plans, test scenarios, test cases and test reports.
Used JIRA for repository, reporting and tracking bugs, and providing updates on resolved bugs.
Provided weekly status report to project manager and team lead, worked closely with BA and development teams.
Environment: Jira, MS SQL Server, Dreamweaver, MS Visio, Adobe Photoshop, Agile.

Educational Background:

Master of Science in Computer Information Systems (MS-CIS)
California State University, Los Angeles, CA (2015-2017) (GPA-3.83/4.0)

Bachelor of Engineering in Information Technology (BE- IT)
University of Mumbai, India (2007-2011) (GPA-3.5/4.0)

Certifications:

Certified in ISTQB (International Software Testing Qualifications Board - GASQ)

Training:

Attended Internal Training on Six Sigma Yellow Belt and certified in White Belt.
Attended Foundation Agile Training.
Contact this candidate