Suraksha Khare

Email ID- adgvin@r.postjobfree.com
Contact Number - 213-***-****

EXPERIENCE SUMMARY

Highly motivated test engineer with around 3+ years of experience in Quality Assurance, Testing Practices and Information Security.
Experience in Automation Testing for web applications.
Masters of Science in Information Systems Security from University of the Cumberlands.
Experience in automation tools like Selenium WebDriver, UFT/QTP.
Experience in working with different testing frameworks like Travtest and Craftlite.
Worked on developing various applications using descriptive programming and VB script in Unified Functional Testing.
Experience in working with test management tools like ALM, JIRA and versioning tools like Git, SVN.
Experience in designing security architecture and risk management plans.
Proficient in Software Testing Life Cycle, Agile and waterfall methodologies.
Experience in Regression Testing, Functional Testing, System Integration Testing, E2E Testing etc.
Good understanding of JavaScript, HTML and CSS.
Knowledge of information security tools like Wireshark, nMap.
Good understanding of cloud platforms like AWS, Salesforce.
Mentored new associates on the applications, test environment, testing tools, security design, frameworks and QC process.
Worked on preparing test conditions based on requirement, designing test scenarios and test cases.
Good knowledge of Insurance and Life Sciences domain.
Worked on keyword driven and hybrid frameworks using Selenium Web Driver.
Handled major project releases, implemented QA high-level plans (includes timelines, assumptions & risks).
Knowledge in various fields of Information Security including Network Security, Application Security and Risk Management, Operations Security etc.
Experience in working with various operating systems including Linux, Unix, Windows, Mac OSX.
Experienced in leading a team, task allocation, based on the sprint objectives.
Always willing to learn new and upcoming technologies.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Organization: Cognizant Technology Solutions - March 2014 to May 2017
Role: Automation Test Engineer

Project 1: Chubb Insurance
Role: Test Automation Engineer
Duration: May 2016 – May 2017.
Tools: Selenium
Languages: JavaScript

Project Description:
Chubb Insurance provide financial protection for the structure of home as well as personal possessions. Homeowners insurance also helps protect from personal liability if someone is injured on property.

Roles and Responsibilities:

•Designed test case scenarios and test cases for application flow.
•Worked on Craftlite Framework with integration of Selenium.
•Performed multiple browser testing and troubleshoot various properties of objects and other fields using SeleniumWebDriver, javascript, HTML and CSS.
•Analyzed and managed test cases execution using ALM.
•Worked on developing and modifying test scripts as per new requirements.
•Design, debug and execute test cases in multiple frameworks using Selenium.
•Performed Regression testing for every release.
•Worked with Information security team to perform various security assessments.
•Worked on designing security threat model and risk assessment plans.

Project 2: Johnson & Johnson
Title: Learning Management System
Client: Johnson & Johnson
Role: Test Analyst - Automation
Duration: January 2016 – April 2016.
Tools: Unified Functional Testing (UFT), ALM
Language: VB Scripting, Descriptive Programming

Project Description:
Johnson & Johnson is a Life Science based account which deals mainly with the validation testing.
It is an American multinational medical device, pharmaceutical and consumer packaged goods manufacturer.

Roles and Responsibilities:

•Automation test script design using descriptive programming in UFT.
•Test data preparation using automation. Performed multi-browser testing for various fields using UFT.
•Creating new functions and function libraries in UFT using VB Script.
•Presented demos to client and higher management for script implementation based on client requirement.
•Worked on Craftlite Framework, integrated with UFT and modified framework as per the requirement.
•Debugging script in UFT, creating test suite and uploading test cases in ALM.
•Script execution through ALM, maintained test case status and defect status in ALM.
•Prepared and presented POC using UFT automation for various new applications.
•Maintained test automation status and status matrix.

Project 3: TRAVELERS -QA SELECT
Client: Travelers Indemnity Ltd (USA)
Role: Test Analyst - Automation
Duration: May 2014 – December 2015
Tools: QTP 11.5, Travtest (Framework), QC 11.0, QC 12.0
Language: VB Scripting

Project Description:
The project deals with insurance domain in Business Insurance. Dealing with different markets and line of businesses, from account creation to policy issuance with different transactions and scenarios.
Small Commercial Business Platform (SCBP) project is aimed to replace the existing mainframe legacy system by an online web-based application.

Roles and Responsibilities:

Review system requirement document and prepare test scenario during analysis
and planning phase.
Identifying and designing test regression suite.
Validation of policy documents in policy validation tools.
Worked on designing/fixing and maintaining automation test scripts.
Handling defect management and test level management in ALM.
Worked on function customization on framework level using VB Script.
Creating Test scripts in framework based on test requirements and executing scripts through QC.
Raising clarification and logging defects for different observations.
Acquired deep knowledge and hands on experience by working in TRAVtest Framework and its integration with QTP/UFT and QC.

EDUCATIONAL PROFILE
Masters of Science in Information Systems Security.
Bachelors of Engineering in Electronics and Communication Engineering.
Contact this candidate