*
MOHAMED ANAS
Contact no:739-***-****
Mail id :adhsj0@r.postjobfree.com
Address :No.17/6,AppavooGramani 2nd street,
Mandaveli,Chennai-600 028.
Seeking a career that provides growth and continuous learning to the skillful application of my knowledge. Interested to learn on new platform for arising new technology and requirements to upgrade my career growth.
Degree Year Institute, University/ Board % /CGPA
B.E.
(CSE)
2015-19
Anand Institute Of Higher Technology,
Anna University
65%
HSC 2015 St.Johns Matriculation hr.sec school
74.00%
SSLC 2013 Rajalakshmi Matriculation hr.sec school
91.00%
Operating System : Windows,Linux
Applications and Softwares : MS – Office,Notepad++,Eclipse,Netbeans,JDK, Selenium, Intellij Idea, BDD,Appium,Cucumber,Manual Testing
Programming Languages :”JAVA”,”SPRING(framework)”, ”ANGULAR JS”, ”PYTHON”
“SQL(ORACLE)”.
OBJECTIVE:
ACADEMIC QUALIFICATION:
TECHNICAL SKILLS:
2
AUTOMATION TESTER EXPLEO SOLUTION LTD (FORMERLY KNOWN AS
“SQS BFSI”) (Period of Experience:9th September 2019-Till Date):
Worked in a Core Banking Domain for Finacle Application modules such as CIF, CASA, LOANS, LIMITS etc.
Used tools such as Selenium, My SQL and worked on my company’s own framework called Autoqba.
Used programming languages for backend using JAVA in eclipse to run the test scripts.
Developed some key words in our framework to handle the pop up and alert message notifications, frames etc.
Based on the client user stories we write the test scenarios and test cases.
We capture the OR path and write the test steps to automate that particu- lar script to get the resultant output.
Worked in a HR portal domain for Ministry Of Education, Singapore.
Worked in a CI/CD pipeline and Linux platform.
PROFESSIONAL:
Project name – Emirates National Bank of Dubai (16th September to 17th January) 1. Based on the test scenarios we automate the test steps and run the scripts using instance id.
2. We can give multiple data inputs in our shared data set using autoqba excel file.
3. At the EOD we run the test scripts in BatchRun. 4. We attend the client calls every week.
5. We handle the iframes based on the input and run the particular test scripts.
6. Different types of screens we worked are CECC, CERC, CASA, LIMITS, LOANS etc.
7. Based on the client need we automate the test scripts. PROJECTS:
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:
3
Project name – Ministry of Education (MOE), Singapore (21st January-28th April) 1. This is a job portal and different types of candidates can apply to this MOE.
2. HR User – Casual employee can apply for this job. 3. SDCO User- Contractors and co curricular employees are eligible to ap- ply for this job.
4. School User- It is a combination of both HR and SDCO. 5. Applicant Register- A particular employee can apply for this, based on their role.
6. Based on the client user stories we convert test scenarios into test cases and capture OR and test steps to run this test scripts.
ACADEMIC:
My final year academic project, “PROXIMITY ANALYSIS BETWEEN VEHICLES WITH SAFETY SYSTEM USING IOT. ”
ABSTRACT:
In automobile’s especially car’s to avoid accidents due to drivers negligence or careless attitude. I have proposed a new technology to overcome it.
3 sensors will be fixed which is correspondingly seat belt sensors, Alcoholic sensor which will be checked primarily before starting the car.
On the drive, third one ultrasonic sensor will be switched on to detect obstacle or nearby vehicles from a particular range to avoid accidents by transmitting a signal to driver which makes him alert always even if he is unconscious or drowsy.
This is a new approach towards automobile safety and security which is completely a automatic one.
Role:
I used a NodeMC controller which will control all the three sensor operations.
Audrino board is connected to the controller part.
I installed Mysql database to store the ultrasonic sensor’s moni
-tored objects and vehicles speed to maintain data storage.
Installed a Local host server to connect database
All sensors and their communication to driver and databases is purely designed on the grounds of IOT concept.
Used a local host server connection where, passengers can 4
connect to it as a client using their mobile IP to track the vehi- cle speed which can be used to alert the driver in-case of his over speed or rash driving in prior before the system detects by them.
Designed and worked on hardware Connection part for the prototype hardware.
For the sensor’s transmission and data detection via device, HTML,JAVA,SQL(MYSQL)programming was used to program the hardware.
Certified in Selenium, Core and advanced Java along with SQL from Qspider Institute.
Attended Internship on Python at Retech Solutions Pvt.Ltd.
Attended internship on Machine Learning at Livewire.
Attended Infosys Campus connect program at my institute. L
School assistant captain during higher secondary.
College final year department leader (CSE Branch).
Team
Name : T. Mohamed Anas
Date OF Birth : 02-03-1998
Age : 22
Gender : Male
Fathers Name : A. Tameemul Ansari
Religion : Islam
Nationality : Indian
Hobbies : Outdoor sports
Languages known : Tamil, English, Hindi
Passport status : Available
Willing to Relocate : YES.
Preferred joblocation : anywhere.
Declaration:
I hereby declare that the details furnished above are true and correct to the best of my knowledge and belief.
MOHAMED ANAS .T
(12/11/2020) +91-739*******
ACADEMIC ACOLADES:
LEADERSHIP SKILLS:
PERSONAL DETAILS:
Contact this candidate