Zainab Noori
Test Automation Engineer
adjlt3@r.postjobfree.com
(202) 875 – 3641
US Permanent Resident

Professional Summary:
Over 6 years of experience in Software Quality Assurance and Test Automation, with specializing in Quality Assurance, Automation, Integration, and UI Functional Testing.
Well versed in writing Gherkin for feature files, Selenium and Java scripts to automate test cases with great understanding of the framework and following the design patterns and OOPs concepts.
Proficient in testing on Client/Server, Mobile and Web based applications.
Experience and domain knowledge in Banking systems, Mortgage, Retail, E-Commerce, and their workflow.
Extensive working experience on all phases of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC), development methodologies such as Agile SCRUM, XP, Waterfall, and development life cycles like sequential and iterative.
Proficient in using test automation tools such as Selenium WebDriver/IDE/Grid to develop automation testing scripts for web and client/server applications.
Advance knowledge and experience on Junit, TestNG framework for functional testing, Cucumber (BDD) framework for behavioral testing and Maven for Project development and build automation.
Experience in the development of Data driven and Hybrid Automation frameworks in Selenium.
Developed Test Scripts to implement Test Cases, Test Scenarios, and feature files, and step definitions for BDD (Behavior Driven Development) using Cucumber.
Experienced in working with Selenium WebDriver with Java for and Page Object Model (POM) design patterns. Used testing annotations to group test methods for cross-browser consistency.
Extensive experience in reviewing and analyzing Business Requirements and creating Test Plans, Test Cases, Test Scripts, Test Estimation & Requirement Traceability Matrix (RTM).
Professional expertise in Smoke Testing, Sanity Testing, Backend Testing, Black-Box Testing, User Acceptance Testing (UAT), Functional Testing, Positive/ Negative Testing, System Testing, Regression Testing, GUI Software Testing, Ad-hoc Testing, Cross Browser/ Cross Platform Testing, UI Validation, Boundary Value Testing.
Expert level knowledge base and experience in Object Oriented Programming (OOP) concepts. Extensive proficiency in using Java for test case automation.
Well versed in different management scenarios like Quality Assurance, Defect Tracking, System Integration, and Task Scheduling.
Expert using management and bug tracking tool JIRA.
Extensive experience in troubleshooting software applications for business functions in multiple areas of the industry.
Experience with developing complex queries with Structured Query Language (SQL).
Experience in using HTML, XML, XPath, and CSS in testing and development projects.
Experience in using Git and Subversion for version control and better collaborative development of code in teams.
Able to multitask, work in teams, and deliver under high pressure while delivering professional conduct and maintaining a dynamic skillset.

Technical Skills:
I have extensive knowledge base in software testing, quality assurance, and I am always eager and able to learn. I have worked in manual testing roles and as well as test automation roles in the past 6 years. I have experience in collaborating with team to develop BDD testing framework using Selenium, Cucumber, and Java following POM, singleton, and OOP concepts. I am also experienced in all steps of creating and automating test cases starting from requirement analysis, writing manual test cases, automating, execution and reporting.

Experience in platforms and tools:
Testing Tools: Selenium IDE/WebDriver
Languages: JAVA, SQL, XPath, XML, and HTML
IDE: Eclipse, NetBeans, SQL Developer, and PgAdmin
Test Framework: Junit, TestNG, Cucumber, Data Driven Framework, Hybrid Frameworks
Web Debugging Tool: Fire path, Firebug
Version Control: GIT, Subversion
Operating Systems: Windows (XP, 7, 8, 10, Server), iOS, Android

Professional Experience:

Onshore Outsourcing, Texas (Remote)
Automation Architect Oct 2019 – Present

Involved in building automation framework from scratch using Selenium WebDriver, JavaScript, and Nodejs, Mocha, and Jasmine.
Developed Automation framework implementing Page Object Model.
Used Azure DevOps for build automation, and continuous integration of the builds.
Implemented Regression and Smoke test execution as a discrete step of the deployment process by using Selenium WebDriver.
Involved in preparing a report of all automation difficulties and test results for a further application using Azure DevOps.
Involved in developing a custom HTML reporting format for the framework test result and integration of the JSON to the HTML and sending out through the pipeline after each execution.
Analyzed business requirements, documented business requirements specifications, wrote Test Plans, and Test Cases.
Worked with development team to understand technical design and architecture for test planning.
Designed the test scripts and analyzed the results in various levels of the application including integration, regression, functional using Selenium.
Worked closely with development team to reproduce the bugs and to resolve usability issues during UAT and created Regression Document to track and report test activities during each phase of testing.
Participated in stand-up meeting, walk-through meeting, weekly automation meetings, demos, sprint grooming, retrospectives, and assessment meetings with business analysts and developers.
Identified and reported bugs and presented bug reports.

ATOS, Fargo, ND
Test Automation Engineer Jan 2017 – Oct 2019
Involved in building automation framework from scratch using Selenium WebDriver, JAVA, and Cucumber.
Developed Automation framework implementing Page Object Model, using JAVA, Selenium Web driver and Cucumber.
Used MAVEN for build automation, and Jenkins for continuous integration of the builds.
Assessed and analyzed user stories and participated in sprint planning, Review Sessions & Scrum Meetings and developed Test scenarios, Test cases, Test data, Test procedures, and Test reports.
Performed User Acceptance testing (UAT) exclusively in an Agile environment.
Used Selenium WebDriver to run test cases in multiple browsers and across Platforms.
Performed UI, Functional and Regression testing by automated using Selenium WebDriver, Cucumber, Maven, and Jenkins.
Integrated Automation scripts (Selenium WebDriver API) in Continuous Integration tools (Jenkins) for nightly consignment run of the Script.
Utilized JIRA as defect tracking tool.
Examined the Business Requirements Document (BRD), designed Test cases and Test scripts for the application under examination.
Designed the test scripts and analyzed the results in various levels of the application including integration, regression, functional and acceptance testing using Selenium.
Implemented Regression and Smoke test execution as a discrete step of the deployment process by using Selenium WebDriver.
Involved in preparing a report of all automation difficulties and test results for a further application using Maven.
Delivered back end testing for data validation using SQL in Oracle and executed SQL Queries on database tables to verify database functionality and data integrity.
Worked closely with development team to reproduce the bugs and to resolve usability issues during UAT and created Regression Document to track and report test activities during each phase of testing.
Participated in stand-up meeting, walk-through meeting, weekly automation meetings, demos, sprint grooming, retrospectives, and assessment meetings with business analysts and developers.
Environment Proficiency: Selenium WebDriver, JIRA, Jenkins, MAVEN, Apache-POI, Cucumber, Junit, MySQL DB, Eclipse, Firebug, Fire Path, XML, HTML, XPath, Mix of Agile Scrum and XP, GitHub, Windows 7, SharePoint and MS Office suite. Browsers: Chrome, Firefox and IE.

Wells Fargo, Charlotte, NC Feb 2015 - Dec 2016
Test Automation Engineer
Involved in building automation framework from scratch using Selenium WebDriver, JAVA, and Cucumber (BDD).
Developed Automation framework implementing Page Object Model, using JAVA, Selenium Web driver and Cucumber.
Performed BDD (Behavior Driven Development) using Cucumber Features, Scenarios and Step Definitions in Gherkin format.
Experience on Core Java, OOPS concepts.
Used MAVEN for build management, and Jenkins for Continuous Integration of the builds.
Assessed and analyzed user stories and participated in Sprint planning, Review Sessions & Scrum Meetings and developed Test scenarios, Test cases, Test data, Test procedures, and Test reports.
Performed User Acceptance testing (UAT) exclusively in an Agile environment.
Used Selenium WebDriver to run test cases in multiple browsers and cross Platforms.
Performed UI, Functional and Regression testing by automated using Selenium WebDriver, Cucumber Maven, and Jenkins.
Integrated Automation scripts (Selenium WebDriver API) in Continuous Integration tools (Jenkins) for nightly consignment run of the script.
Utilized JIRA as defect tracking tool on the project.
Examined the Business Requirements Document (BRD), designed Test cases and Test scripts for the application under examination.
Designed the test scripts and analyzed the results in various levels of the application including integration, regression, functional and acceptance testing using Selenium.
Implemented Regression and Smoke test execution as a discrete step of the deployment process by using Selenium WebDriver.
Environment Proficiency: Selenium Web Driver, JIRA, Jenkins, MAVEN, Apache-POI, Junit, Cucumber (BDD), Gherkin, MySQL DB, NetBeans, Firebug, Fire Path, XML, HTML, XPath, Mix of Agile Scrum and XP, GitHub, Windows 7, MS Office suite. Browsers: Chrome, Firefox and IE.

Lowes Companies, Mooresville, NC Mar 2014 – Jan 2015
QA Analyst/Manual Tester
Analyzed business requirements, documented business requirements specifications, wrote Test Plans, and Test Cases.
Worked with development team to understand technical design and architecture for test planning.
Performed Cross browser testing on Internet explorer, Firefox and Chrome for browser compatibility.
Coordinated User Acceptance Test (UAT) processes and documented and oversaw resolution to detected issues.
Identified the high-risk points and the priorities of the application.
Worked with development teams to investigate and correct bugs and deficiencies based on testing results and involved in defect tracking and resolving production logs.
Performed all phases of end-to-end testing which includes Functionality testing, Regression Testing, GUI testing, Boundary testing, Negative testing, System testing, and Ad-Hoc testing.
Uploaded, executed test cases, and logged defects in company management tool.
Maintained Traceability Matrix, tracking the requirements and conducting test cases to ensure complete test coverage in the company management tool.
Identified and reported bugs and presented bug reports for weekly status updates.
Performed data accuracy, data validation and data integrity testing by querying the database using SQL queries to check the data table on the database.
Performed back end testing on oracle database by writing SQL quarries.
Executed Automation test scripts using Selenium WebDriver.
Interacted closely with developers regarding defects, participated in tracking, reviewing and analyzing bugs.
Worked extensively with business users to define scope and prepared ‘Documents of Understanding’ for various change requests by analyzing the feedback from user groups.

Environment Proficiency: Eclipse, Selenium, Java, Manual Tester, Quality Center, HTML, MYSQL, SQL Select, MS Office, SDLC, and STLC.

Education:
Bachelor of Business Administration
Contact this candidate