SAJAD AKBAR
US Citizen
706-***-****
adk5ed@r.postjobfree.com

Professional Summary
6+ of professional experience into Information technologyin Software Testing with various Domains.
Good Knowledge in developing Test Plans, Test Cases and Test Scenarios.
Knowledge and experienced of business requirements and developing Test Cases to test the complete functionality of the application.
Experienced in Test Automation and Manual Testing with different business domains and technologies.
Strong knowledge in designing and developing Test Cases and Scenarios for developing application.
Extensively experienced in testing Waterfall and Agile Development Projects.
Experienced in Black Box, Functional, Integration, GUI, Unit, Smoke, System and Regression Testing.
Good Knowledge in performing defect tracking & management in JIRA.
Expert at conducting various QA phases like Test Design, Test Development and Defect Tracking using JIRA.
Experienced in developing Test plans, Test cases RTM manually using HP ALM and Test scripts using automation tools and Selenium IDE and Web Driver.
Excellent conceptual and working knowledge on testing in Oracle, SQL Server environments.
Experienced in developing and executing automated Regression testing and System testing using Selenium IDE and WebDriver.
Experienced in performing Data driven testing to validate the components displayed on the website using Selenium WebDriver.
Hands on experience in Developing Automation Scripts, Execution and Analysis Test Results using Hybrid, Keyword Driven and Data Driven Framework in Selenium.
Proficient in Automation scripting using Selenium WebDriver, Maven, TestNG.
Expertise in working on Agile/Scrum BDD environment with Selenium WebDriver, Java and Cucumber.
Experienced in using Maven build tools to manage framework dependency jar files and configuring Selenium jar files to suit in testing environment.
Good Knowledge in using Apache POI to read data from external sources to feed locators into the test script.
Experienced in using Github as a source repository system to share code within the local team as well as with the team in overseas.
Experienced in using Jenkins as a Continuous Integration server to configure with Github and Maven.
Basic knowledge in web services testing using SoapUI.
Good experience in analyzing Source to Stage and Stage to Target Mapping document indicating the source tables, columns, data types, transformations required, business rules to be applied and target tables.
Basic knowledge of mobile testing.
Provide technical support to help resolve customers' test automation problems and issues.

Technical Skills:

Testing Tools:Selenium WebDriver, Selenium IDE, Selenium Grid, HP ALM/Quality Center, JIRA, JMeter, Post (RestAPI), BrowserStack (Cloud)

Languages: Java,JavaScript, HTML, XML, SQL

Database: Oracle, SQL Server, MySQL, PL/SQL, MS Access

Build Tool:Maven, Jenkins

IDE: Eclipse,IntelliJ Idea

Project Management Tools: JIRA

Web Debugging Tools: Findbugs, Firepath, Xpath

Version Control Systems:Github/GitLab

Operating Systems: Windows, Linux/Unix

Operating Systems: Hybrid Testing Framework, Behavioral Driven Framework (BDD), Data Driven Testing Framework (TDD), Keyword Driven Testing

MS Tools:MS Suite(MS Outlook, MS Excel, MS Word, Share point, PowerPoint)

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:

PNC Bank, Wilmington, DE
Test Automation Engineer
Sep 2019 – Till Date

Responsibilities:
Executed tests by running Test scripts, Test cases and Test suites under execution tab of Rational Test Manager.
Developed strategies, Test cases, and executed testing for reporting and data warehouse validation.
Involved in project planning, coordination and implementing QA methodology.
Defined Test approach wrote Test plans and Test scripts.
Performed Manual Testing for checking the flow of the application functionality between the new and the legacy system.
Created the Automation Framework for the application to make sure the adequate coverage for the regression testing.
Analyzed software failures and reported bugs on JIRA which has been used as the defect tracking and project management tool.
Used JIRA to design Test Documents, including Test Plan, Test Requirements, Test Cases and Test Procedures for functional and GUI Testing.
Interacted with developers and business Users to communicate the defects and actively participated in replicating the bugs and performed regression testing using JIRA.
Created Test Plan, Test Strategy, Test Case Design, Test Execution, Defect Entry in JIRA.
Performed Database Checks using SQL quires to make sure the data was persisted correctly.
Handled the tasks of developing testing procedures to provide support to mobile browsers and devices.
Performed Data driven testing to validate the components displayed on the website using Selenium.
Created various data tables based on created templates for different states to execute batch files in Selenium.
Created Test Data using SQL, Wrote SQL queries for back-end testing.
Developed Selenium WebDriver test cases using Java, TestNG framework.
Developed automation framework for Selenium WebDriver in Page Object Model Framework.
Performed Automated Regression testing and System testing using Selenium.
Developed new and updated existing Automation test cases using Selenium WebDriver and TestNG, using SVN as VCS for java-based web application, using Maven as Build tool.
Used Maven build tools to manage automation framework.
Used Github as a source repository system.
Worked with utilities like Firebug and Firepath for the identification of web elements using locators such as id, name, Xpath, CSS Selectors, Link Text, Partial Link Text and Tags.
Involved in using MAVEN for build management, SVN as source repository and Jenkins for Continuous Integration of the builds.
Participated in various meetings and discussed Enhancements and Modification Request issues.
Generated defect status report, QA status reports, Risk Analysis documents, Requirements Traceability reports, Test Execution and test results summary reports.

Environment:Selenium WebDriver, TestNG, JIRA, Jenkins, Java, XPath, Eclipse, Firebug, Maven, SQL Server, Firefox, Chrome,Windows, UNIX, MS Suite, SharePoint.

BNY Financial, New York, NY
Test Automation Engineer
Jan2017 – Aug 2019

Responsibilities:
Used software tools for test case management, test automation and defect tracking management.
Worked with testing methodologies including functional testing, user interface testing, and regression testing using black box testing methodologies.
Documented the modification requests and defects and their trailing history using JIRA.
Used JIRA as a project management tools to keep tracking for bug life cycle and to use for Iteration planning.
Wrote SQL queries to perform Backend Testing.
Performed black box testing, database testing, and web-based testing on several test phases, developed components for each transaction used in the test script or scenario by using Selenium.
Customized Selenium API to suit in testing environment.
Involved in developing and executing automation Regression testing and System testing using Selenium.
Developed test automation scripts using Selenium WebDriver for regression testing for releases of the application.
Worked on Selenium GUI Object / element verification was done through XPath, CSS Locators.
Used JUnit framework to run unit test and Maven to build the Project.
Used Maven for the dependencies.
Created XML based test suit and integrated with Jenkins Server to execute automation scripts on a regular basis by scheduling Jenkins jobs in different test environments with different test configurations.
Performed Data driven testing to validate the components displayed on the website using Selenium.
Created various data tables based on created templates for different states to execute batch files in Selenium.
Developed and executed automation Regression testing and System testing using Selenium.
Involved in using Maven build tools to manage framework dependency jar files.
Involved in using Apache POI to read data from external sources to feed locators into the test script.
Performed testing on various policy applications using Mainframes and BATB keyword to execute batch files.
Used GitHub as a source repository system to share code within the office as well as with the team in overseas.
Performed cross-browser testing on various browsers like IE, Chrome and Firefox and ensured compatibility on different browsers using Java, TestNG and Jenkins.
Performed testing using SOAPUI on different data sources and validated the Restful web services.
Performed Peer review of the bugs and mentored & trained the new team members.
Tracked the progress of system testing and provided daily status to Test Manager.
Accelerated troubleshooting by collaborating with Developers.
Attended regular project meetings and weekly team meeting to discuss the projectMilestones.
Involved in meetings and discussions for setting targets and goals to be achieved in the QA process.

Environment:Selenium WebDriver,JIRA, Java, XPath, Eclipse, Maven, Java Script, Windows, UNIX, MS Suite, SharePoint, SQL Server, IE, Firefox, Chrome, Web Logic, Windows, Cucumber, Maven, TestNG, Jenkins.

TCF Bank, IL
QA Tester
Aug 2014 – Dec 2016

Responsibilities:
Created Test Plan for Functional and Integration Testing phase.
Performed Positive, Negative, Sanity, Smoke, UAT and Regression Testing.
Performed Manual Testing and Automated Testing.
Performed Black Box Testing, Database Testing, and Web-Based Testing on several test phases.
Identified reusable scenarios for automation in HP ALM.
Uploaded Test cases in HP ALM and mapped with Requirements.
Wrote SQL queries to check proper data population in database.
Involved in developing and executing automation Regression testing and System testing using Selenium.
Performed Data driven testing to validate the components displayed on the website using Selenium.
Created various data tables based on created templates for different states to execute batch files in Selenium.
Developed components for each transaction used in the test script or scenario by using Selenium.
Developed and executed automation Regression testing and System testing using Selenium.
Developed a Keyword Driven Automation Frameworks using Selenium.
Collaborated with developers to resolve any bugs.
Reviewed weekly Testers’ status reports and assisted testers as necessary.
Conducted meetings with technical teams and management, developed proper documentation, and validated current production environment.

Environment:Selenium, Java, JIRA,HP ALM, Java, JUnit,Fire Path, Firebug, HTML, Mozilla Firefox, Google Chrome, Internet Explorer, Safari, Java, XML, MS Suite, SQL, Windows.

Education:

Bachelor of Accounting from DeVry University New York, NY

Certification Details:

Certified Selenium Tester (ISQI)
Contact this candidate