Subrat Kumar Mishra
+91-801*******
adkkrb@r.postjobfree.com

SUMMARY
Subrat Kumar Mishra is an Automation Engineer in Cognizant Techology Solutions. He has more than 5.9 years of experience in Automation Testing.

WORKING EXPERIENCE DETAILS:
●Expertise in Automation using Selenium WebDriver, Protractor.
●Exclusive experience in writing Relative X-path and Absolute X-path.
●Expertise in writing Selenium WebDriver automation scripts using java.
●Expertise in writing Protractor automation scripts using TypeScript.
●Designed and Implemented Page Object Model and BDD Framework using Cucumber.
●Experience of TestNG and Maven.
●Experience in Grouping execution and Parallel execution.
●Experience in parameterization using apache POI Library.
●Good understanding of Automation life cycle and Quality process.
●Good knowledge on Core JAVA, JavaScript and TypeScript.
●Experience in analyzing functional requirements and translate them to test Scripts.
●Well acquainted with Software Testing Life Cycle (STLC).
●Defect Reporting and Tracking using JIRA and Qmetry.
●Good experience with Agile Methodology.
Experience in manual testing (Mobile and Windows/web applications)
Experience in Bitbucket for source code management and for version control.
Strong understanding and experienced with agile development methodologies including SCRUM, involved in daily SCRUM meetings to keep track of the Ongoing project status
Excellent interpersonal abilities, communication skills, time management and Team skills with an intention to work hard to meet project deadlines

SKILLS:
Automation Tools
Selenium Webdriver, Protractor, Cucumber, Jasmine, TestNG, Bitbucket, Postman, Jenkins, Browserstack
Defect Reporting and Test ManagmentTool
Jira, Qmetry
Languages/Frameworks
Java with OOPS concepts, TypeScript, JavaScript, Gherkins, BDD framework
IDE & Editors
VS Code, Eclipse

WORK EXPERIENCE:
Period
Last Designation
Organization
Aug 2018 – Till Date
Sr. Automation Engineer
Cognizant Technology Solutions
March 2015- Aug 2018
Automation Test Engineer
Tata Consultancy Services Ltd.

RELEVANT PROJECT DETAILS:
Project 1: NEER Automation
Project Title: FPL Development Land System
Tools Used: Selenium, Cucumber, Java, JIRA, Qmetry, Bitbucket, Confluence
Role: Team lead
Team size: 4
Project Description:
This project consists of various features to store land details which needs for set up different type of Power plants. The land acquirization process and project development is totally tracked by this application. We as a QA team, are responsible for defect free aapplication.

Role and Responsibilities:
●Involved in understanding the Requirements and functional Specification.
●Involved in Test plan and test Test Strategy preparation.
●Participated in identifying the Test scenarios, designing of the BDD framework.
●Involved in Cross browser testing using Browserstack
●Involved in Writing test cases
● Involved in logging defects in JIRA.
●Update Daily Status and Weekly Status Report to client

Project 2: Gulf Power
Project Title: Gulf Power
Tools Used: Protractor, TypeScript, Cucumber,Bitbucket, JIRA, Postman, Confluence, Browserstack, PostgreSQL
Role: Team Lead
Team size: 6

Project Description:
Gulf Power Company is an energy provider and subsidiary of NextEra Energy, Inc. The application is created with angular, so automation testing is taken care by my team using BDD framework (Protractor+Cucumber). There is not manual testing in this project. Project is tracked by JIRA.

Role and Responsibilities:
●Understanding the Requirements and functional Specification.
●Involved in Test plan and test Test Strategy preparation.
●Participated in identifying the Test scenarios, design the BDD Framework.
●Involved in creating common Library and page Object classes and test scripts using Protractor.
●Participated in developing, Modifying and Executing scripts.
●Involved in test scripts review and debugging of modification existing scripts.
●Involved in logging defects using Defect tracking tool JIRA.
●Update Daily Status and Weekly Status Report to client.
●Involved in review the selenium scripts and Stand Up meetings.
●Involved in understanding the Requirement fron business.
●Prepared and Executed Test Cases as per System Requirements

Project 3: Citi Bank
Project Title: Citi Bank Payment Portal Automation
Tools Used : Selenium, Java, Cucumber, JIRA, Bitbucket
Role: Team member
Team size: 7
Project Description:
It is the back office payment portal for managing payments from one country to another using same bank or different banks. As automation team, we were involved in verifying the payment is getting success or not, validating the SWIFT codes for each paymet, verification of data in DB etc.

Role and Responsibilities:
●Running tests on the applications using automation script created in Selenium.
●Maintaining the test cases in Feature files.
●Framework enhancement according to requirement.
●Creating test plans based on requirements provided by the development team.
●Performing initial analysis of failed tests.
●Maintaining and updating tests based on continuous feedback.
●Reviewing and analyzing system specifications.
●Executing test scripts and reviewing results.
●Reporting and documenting technical issues.

EDUCATION:
B.Tech (Electrical Engineering), Indira Gandhi Institute of Technology, Sarang, 2010-14
Intermediate, Kalinga Bharati Residential College, Cuttack, 2008-10
Matriculation, Govt. High School Samal Barrage, 2008

LINGUAL DEXTERITY:
·English
·Hindi
PERSONAL DETAILS:
·Date of Birth: 25th June 1993
·Sex: Male
·Nationality: Indian
·Marital Status: Married
·Designation: Test Analyst
·Lingual Dexterity: English, Hindi
·Location: Pune
DECLARATION:
I hereby declare that the above written particulars are true to the best of my knowledge and I bear the responsibility for the correctness of the above-mentioned particulars.

Subrat Kumar Mishra
Contact this candidate