Yilixiati (Eric) Xiaokaiti
Ann Arbor MI, ***** Phone: 716-***-**** Email: admzgb@r.postjobfree.com
Result-oriented software test automation engineer with 5+ years of experience in UI and REST API testing of successfully launched applications. In my previous roles, I developed fast feedback test automation frameworks that substantially reduced test cycle time and increased test coverage by 20%.
WORK EXPERIENCE:

General Motors, MI Sr Automation Engineer May 2019 – Present
Designed and built Selenium UI automation framework with Java and set up test environments
Prepare Test design approach by discussing within the team and with Developers.
Used Page Object Model, UI Mapping, Selenium Data Driven using CSV, CSS Selectors as a part of Framework.
Execute browser compatibility and regression tests using Selenium WebDriver for testing UI for every new build release.
Develop Selenium scripts in TestNG for parameterization using Data Provider annotation.
Involved in Testing of REST API Web Services using REST plug-in and Postman tool.
Generated automation scripts for Web Services for both REST and SOAP using JAVA and REST Assured.
Created and executed API Test Scripts to test Restful Web Service
Code review of Selenium Automation scripts
Executed the selenium test cases locally, on VM machines and using Selenium GRID.
Perform Sanity test for all integrated components to test application and to be able to determine its eligibility for further regression testing.
Detected Defects, communicated to the developers using Bug Reporting Tool and Tracking the Defects using JIRA.
Proficiency troubleshooting web page issues using browser-based developer tools.
Finish Line, IN Test Automation Engineer Jun 2017 – May 2019
Work as part of a scrum team in an agile environment that includes QA planning & execution in Sprints, Participation in the Scrum & Sprint review/retrospective.
Develop and implement robust Selenium Page Object Model (POM) framework with Selenium WebDriver using Object Oriented Programing Java and TestNG.
Selected the Test Cases to be automated and performed functional testing of the front-end using Selenium WebDriver & created Data Driven framework using TestNG.
Involved in executing SQL queries to conduct Data integrity testing by checking the data tables from the Oracle Database
In depth understanding of Object-Oriented Programming and skilled in developing automated test scripts in Selenium.
Implemented Automated execution of tests (nightly and need based) using Maven and Jenkins.
Used version control software like GitHub.
Performed defect reporting and bug tracking using JIRA and also followed up with development team to verify bug fixes, and update bug status.
American Express, GA QA Engineer Dec 2015 – Jun 2017
Implemented Page Objects, Test classes, Data Driven automation frameworks using selenium Web Driver, JAVA, TestNG, Jenkins.
Involved in Writing Maven build dependencies to automate the compilation and execution of test cases/suites.
Used JIRA as the defect-tracking tool. Updated JIRA with all the changes made to the test case.
Involved in Sprint planning, Daily Standup calls, Retrospective and Review Meeting.
Involved in executing SQL queries to conduct Data integrity testing by checking the data tables from the Oracle Database
Developed Selenium scripts to take Screenshots for daily run failures / defects.
Played a major part in testing and timely delivery of the product.
SKILLS
Selenium WebDriver, Postman, Newman, REST Assured, TestNG, Java, JavaScript, HTML, SQL, Eclipse, Git, GitHub, Jenkins, Maven, Docker, JIRA, Agile Scrum

EDUCATION:
B.S. in Science Peking University
M.S. in Science Peking University
Contact this candidate