Bhanupriya S
Phone: 469-***-**** Email: adnqih@r.postjobfree.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

● Skilled Professional with 8+ years of Experience in testing Web based and client server applications using both Manual and Automation.
● Strong understanding on different phases of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) and SDLC models including Waterfall, V model and Agile (SCRUM/Kanban).
● Documenting and Reporting Bugs using JIRA and ALM/Quality Center.
● Actively involved in 3 Amigos, Retrospective and Estimation sessions and wrote Scenarios in Gherkin format.
● System testing with good experience in writing automated scripts in Java, Ruby, Groovy Programming Language (using Watir, RSpec and Page Object) to test the functionalities.
● Strong knowledge in Behaviour Driven Development (BDD) and used Cucumber for tests
● Experience in performance of Build Validation, Smoke/Sanity, Functional, Integration, System, Regression, Exploratory, Cross Browser, User Interface and UAT testing.
● Expertise in formulating Test plans, designing test cases and test scripts to support quality deliverables.
● Strong Knowledge of POSTMAN tool for performing Integration testing with API’S.
● Experience Tester in Agile Development Environment using ATDD approach using Cucumber, Ruby gems, Watir and Page Objects.
● Used Ruby/Cucumber, Selenium and Jenkins in a Continuous Integration development environment.
● Monitored and reported daily development builds and test results.
● Participated in the daily Backlog grooming, standup, tasking and retrospective meetings
● Performed backend testing by running SQL queries on the Oracle and SQL Server databases using the database tools Toad and SQL Navigator.
● Responsible for running and maintaining the performance tests using JMeter and BlazeMeter for every release.
● Worked on the Apigee tool for tracing the API calls for debugging purposes.
● Execute the Regression suites on the Kubernetes cluster on the cloud.
● Validated that all data were synchronized after the data was troubleshooted and used SQL to verify test cases.
● Heavily involved using SQL programming in back-end and front-end functions, procedures, packages to test business rules.
● Interacted with stakeholders from End users to Senior Management and contributed a lot to the success of projects.
● Proven ability to support multiple projects, under tight deadlines, often with competing priorities and complexities.
● A team player with excellent documentation and interpersonal Communication skills
● Excellent skills in communication & collaboration, interest & ability to learn new technologies in a short time.
● Have the ability to perform switch over to elements in iframes using WebDriver.
● Ability to perform Compatibility testing with different browsers like Firefox, Chrome, IE, Safari and with different operating systems like Windows, Android, Mac OS.
● Experienced in using Apache POI to read the data from external sources in order to feed test data sets into the test scripts.
● Experience in testing Web Services-SOA architecture, JSON, XML transactions, SOAP, HTTP, WSDL, and REST using various industry standard tools like SOAPUI, Postman and Rest Assured.
● Used SoapUI and JSON Path assertions to verify the API response.
● Experience in testing Mobile Applications using Android Studio and Real Devices to test the Android and iOS applications using Appium.
● Experience in Writing Features, Scenario Outlines for Cucumber BDD (Behavior-Driven Development) framework and automating BDD scenarios using Cucumber Runners.
● Created complete solution for continuous integration tool such as Jenkins from code checkout from GitHub to regression report generation.

TECHNICAL SKILLS

Testing Tools Selenium WebDriver, TestNG, Selenium IDE, Selenium RC, Selenium Grid, JUnit, Cucumber, Appium, DeskTop, Soap UI, Postman, Rest Assured, Worksoft
Methodologies Agile (Scrum), Waterfall, SDLC, STLC.
Languages Java, HTML, XML, Gherkin, C.
IDE Eclipse, SQL Developer.
Test Framework Keyword Driven, Pega, Data Driven, Hybrid, Page Object Model (POM).
Web Debugging Tool XPath, Pega, Firepath, Firebug.
Utilities AutoIT, Sikuli
Build Tool Maven, ANT
Processes Agile-Scrum, Waterfall.
Bug Tracking Tools JIRA, Quality Centre.
Test build, Integration Tools Maven, Jenkins, SVN, Git
Databases SQL Server, MS Access, Oracle, MySQL.
Operating Systems Windows (XP, Vista & 7, 8, 10) Linux, Mac.
MS Office tools Outlook, Word, Excel, PowerPoint.
Browsers
Internet Explorer, Mozilla Firefox, Google Chrome, Safari

EDUCATION DETAILS

Master of Computer Application from Anna University

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Worker’s Compensation Processing System Oct 2015 - Current
Role : Sr Automation Test Engineer
Client : Brick Street Insurance (Charleston, WV)
Software : Java, Grails, AngularJS, jQuery, JavaScript, CSS, JSP, XML, Oracle
Testing Tools : Ruby/Cucumber, JIRA, HP QC 11

Worker’s Compensation Online Management Program gives customers access to electronically view and submit data to the Worker’s Compensation Commission. It is primarily intended for employers, attorneys, third party administrators, state and federal agencies and the medical community.
Responsibilities:
● Conducted Baseline, Sanity, Functional, Integration, Ad-hoc, Regression and UAT testing against the existing and new product.
● Extensively involved in weekly/daily Defect Review and Test Execution Status Meetings to discuss/explain the defects with the development team.
● Actively involved in 3 Amigos sessions and wrote Scenarios in feature files using Gherkin
● Created the Step Definitions to automate using Ruby/Cucumber
● Participated in Retrospective meetings after every sprint release.
● Developed and executed automated test cases using RubyMine, Selenium Web driver, Cucumber, and WATIR.
● Monitored, maintained the acceptance test execution in Jenkins and generated the test execution report in html format in Jenkins
● Writing Scenarios in the feature file using Gherkin language and creating Step definition files using Ruby in RubyMine IDE.
● Executed Feature files to perform functional testing, UI testing, regression testing to make sure that existing functionalities are not impacted by the changes.
● Participated in bug triage meetings
● Prepare Daily Report -- Involved in preparing the Daily Execution Status report and sharing with managers and leads.
● Responsible for running and maintaining the performance tests using JMeter and BlazeMeter for every release.
● Worked on the Apigee tool for tracing the API calls for debugging purposes.
● Execute the Regression suites on the Kubernetes cluster on the cloud.
● Worked closely with the Development team, BA and QA teams, as well as Stakeholders and members of Management.
● Performed test automation and manual testing, actively involved in creation of detailed test plans, test cases and test scenarios for different application modules according to functional requirements and business specifications.
● Being a member of the Scrum team, participated in daily standup meetings, project status meetings as well as retrospective meetings and iteration reviews.
● Created test plans and functional, regression, and integration test cases using JIRA
● Developed and maintained Java based automation tools for database conversion and automated archival process of localized files.
● Developed and maintained utilities and tools to manage the automated process using Git.
● Tracked and logged bug defects and errors for the applications by clearly articulating and providing detailed bug reports. Reported reproducible bugs in JIRA, Quality Centre.
● Involved in system integration and user acceptance testing on later stages of SDLC.

Environment: Gherkin, Cucumber, Ruby, RubyMine 2020, JIRA, JMeter, BlazeMeter, HTML, Unix, Watir, Git, Jenkins, SQL, Grails, Groovy, AngularJS

Statistical Process Control Apr 2010 – Sep 2012
Role : Software Test Engineer
Client : Invensys plc, (UK)
Software : Java, Websphere Commerce Server, Oracle
Testing Tools : JIRA, QTP and Quality Center
Environment : Windows 7, Unix

QI Analyst is a real time SPC (Statistical Process Control), which does real time process monitoring and alarms as well as generating reports to view process health over a period, this is built with the support of SQL Server 2005.

● Preparing Test Plans for the required CRs, and executing those Test Plans in different environments.
● Preparing test cases, test execution and capturing the test results.
● Performing Smoke, Integration, Upgradation, Functional, Compatibility and User Interface testing.
● Effective defect reporting and tracking and adding to the Repository.
● Responsible for preparing DSR, WSR and MSR (Daily, Weekly and Monthly status reports).
● Interaction and Coordination with the Client, Development team and QA Team.
● Prepared the metrics reports at the completion of the project. (Metrics report consists of Schedule Variance, Effort Variance, On-Time Delivery, Review Effectiveness, Defect causal analysis, Productivity), On-Time Delivery, Review Effectiveness & Defect causal analysis.
● Escalated the issues or risks identified to the project manager / stakeholders as necessary.
● Responsible for Oracle SQL Server data validations for SPC Benefits application
● Supervised 3 to 5 member team in developing and implementing quality assurance methodologies to ensure compliance with QA standards.
● Experienced in creating QTP scripts for front end web applications for execution. Exposure towards creation of QTP frameworks.
● Worked with Business Analysts during the Requirements Analysis phase to finalize requirements for testing.
● Worked on projects for test planning, execution, and delivery. Handled various iterative releases, established QA processes across releases. Delegated activities for the projects across team members, monitored activities for the projects until delivery of Test Summary Report, tracked schedule and effort variation using various tracking tools.
● Coordinated and worked with UAT users to establish the UAT scenarios, test cases, execution & results.
● Instrumental in driving the development and testing activities towards completion.
● Met with the project teams to review deliverables and deadlines.
● Gained understanding of test data management concepts including test data life cycle, data subset, data masking, data profiling, data archive, test data reusability, test data repeatability, test data refresh along with its best practices.
● Led manual & automated testing activities supporting integrated systems development teams.
● Communicated the business requirements by constructing easy to understand requirements.

Environment: QTP12, Quality Center 11, NET Framework 3.5, Visual Studio.NET 2008, C#.NET, ASP.NET, XML, Ajax, JavaScript, VBScript, SQL Server 2005, Visual Source Safe, MS Word and Windows7, SQL.

QA Analyst Aug 2009 – Apr 2010
FBD Insurance, Ireland.

“Renew Online” allows customers to renew their Car or Home insurance policy online. When customers renew their policy online, they automatically receive a 5% Discount on their premium. The Renewal Number and Renewal PIN will be sent to customers with Renewal Notice which they will receive 21 days in advance of your renewal date, with this information customer can login into the renewal online system and renew their Car or Home insurance policy.

● Participated in analyzing the requirements and identifying the required Test scenarios.
● Involved in designing testable requirements.
● Prepared and Executed Test Cases as per System Requirements.
● Performed various testing methodologies like Functionality testing, Compatibility Testing, Database Testing, Usability Testing and Regression testing.
● Involved in Defect Reporting and Tracking.
● Extensively performed Manual Testing process to ensure the quality of the software.
● Organized the status meetings and sent daily status reports to the project team.
● Ensure the timely delivery of the different testing milestones.
● Acted as a single point of contact between testing and development teams
● Created SQL queries for backend database validation.
● Very good management experience with client and offshore / onsite teams.
● Helped the organization staff in planning data sets for UAT.

Environment: Quality Center 11, NET Framework 3.5, Visual Studio.NET 2008, C#.NET, ASP.NET, XML, Ajax, JavaScript, VBScript, SQL Server 2005, Visual Source Safe, MS Word and Windows7, SQL.
Contact this candidate