J Byre
Aguilar
+63-915-***-****
adp81o@r.postjobfree.com
Silay City, Negros Occidental
Philippines
Test Engineer
C A R E E R O B J E C T I V E
Innovative Software Tester with over 4 years of experience in manual and automation testing environment. Easily collaborate with developers and project managers resulting to accomplishing milestones. Solid history of discovering errors and defects and ensuring client expectations are met with high-quality software solutions. Test Automation Engineering Analyst
Accenture Cebu, Philippines Jun 2017 - Present
Creating Automated Tests which reduce future testing efforts and 50%-80% faster than testing manually resulting to cost reduction and higher quality products.
Implemented automation using Selenium WebDriver, JAVA, Maven, and TestNG.
Analyzed user stories and assessed testability in specific requirements.
Reduced time and effort in creating test cases by devising a template.
Increased efficiency, reducing the time and effort, and ensuring accuracy in Data Analytics testing by creating calculation tools as aid in test executions.
Collaborating with Product Owners, Developers, and Project Managers on testing activities to accomplish milestones.
NOC Engineer
SkySwitch Contactual Call Center Negros Occidental, Philippines Jul 2016 – Oct 2016
Providing technical support on the services on Fax, VOIP, and SIP. FTTH Field Service Engineer
MIRAIT Philippines, Inc. Negros Occidental, Philippines Apr 2016 – Sep 2016
Telephone line installation and repair for both voice and data.
Installation of fiber lines and maintaining minimal coverage outages. Customer Service Agent
SYKES Cebu, Philippines Oct 2015 – Mar 2016
Management and resolve customer complaints using applicable software. Systems Engineer
Taiyo Yuden (Philippines), Inc. Cebu, Philippines Mar 2014 – Jun 2015
Maintaining the yield of the machines not lower than 98%.
60%-90% product nonconformity reduction rate by designing and implementing machine enhancements.
Corresponds to the customer claims by investigating, creating reports, and formulate improvements whether preventive, corrective, or both. MDF Assistant/Technician
PLDT/iPlus Negros Occidental, Philippines Jan 2013 – Feb 2014
Phone line Installation, coordination, assist, troubleshooting and repair inside the Main Frame.
Conducted a successful migration from old to new equipment. AOI Machine Programmer (Trainee)
Emerson Network Power Laguna, Philippines Jan 2010 – May 2010
Coding machines that inspect boards and detect various abnormalities ensuring high yield and increasing efficiency in product testing. P R O F E S S I ONAL E X P E R I E NCE
S K I L L S
Problem solving Critical thinking
Creativity Innovative Teamwork
Adaptability Time management
Assertiveness Customer service
Communication Detail oriented
Collaboration Active listening
POWER SKILLS
Agile Java Selenium WebDriver
JMeter SDLC Manual Testing
Postman SQL Software Testing
Black Box testing Gray Box testing
Test case creation Data Analytics
Root cause analysis CAD
Troubleshooting
TECHNOLOGIES
Bachelor of Science in Electronics and
Communications Engineering
Technological University of the
Philippines - Visayas
Negros Occidental, Philippines
2007 - 2012
E D U C A T I O N
Electronics and Communications
Engineering Licensure Exam / 2012
ISTQB Certified Tester Foundation
Level / 2018
LICENSES AND CERTIFICATIONS
Contact this candidate