SHAN BASHA .M

E-Mail: adq3ig@r.postjobfree.com
Contact: 951**-*****

oExtensive 2+ Years of experience in Information Technology as an Automation Tester in Web Based Applications using Selenium WebDriver across multiple browsers.
oExtensive experience in HealthCare products Domain.
oExpertise in creating Scripts in Selenium WebDriver by using Java for automating the web-based applications.
oHaving good experience in different automation frameworks like Junit, TestNG, POM and Data driven framework.
oBasic knowledge in Cucumber.
oGood experience in Page Object Model and Object-Oriented Programming Concepts.
oExperience in Build Automation Tools like Maven and Version Control Tools like GIT.
oExtensive experience in designing Test Scenarios, Test Scripts and Test Reports of automated tests.
oExpertise in working with SDLC, STLC with Agile-Scrum Methodologies of Software development.
oInvolved in Ceremonies like Daily Scrum call, Sprint Planning, Sprint Review and Retrospective.
oHands on experience in Tracking and Reporting of defects using Defect Tracking Tools – JIRA.
oExperience in executing the scripts using Continuous Integration tool like Jenkins.
oGood experience in writing X-paths to identify web elements.
oExecuted automation scripts on different browsers / environments & reported defects results to the Team.
oGood Interpersonal skills with clear understanding of business process.

Sword Global India Pvt Ltd

Software Test Engineer
Oct 2019 – Till Now

oB.E (Electrical & Electronics Engineering) from S A Engineeringcollege, Chennai-54

Application Development Tools
Selenium, Java
Browsers Tested on
Chrome, Firefox, Internet Explorer, Edge
Frameworks
Cucumber, TestNG, JUnit, POM and Data Driven
Tools & Utilities
Selenium WebDriver, GIT, Maven, Jenkins
Project Management Tool
JIRA
Domain Knowledge
Online Health food Store

Project Title: E - Commerce domain
Description: It is the E - Commerce company that Organic & natural groceries store.the company was founded in 1989. Providing access to the healthiest products we can find along the way.

Key Roles:

•Participated in Sprint Planning Process and developing Test Plan.
•Analyzing and Understanding user stories and acceptance criteria.
•Identifying the test scenarios that need to be automated.
•Prepared and executed Test Cases as per System Requirements and User Stories.
•Prepared Feature Scenarios and automation scripts in Selenium with Cucumber.
•Implemented different Automation frameworks like JUNIT, POM, Data Driven, Maven using Selenium WebDriver and Core Java.
•Prepared Reusable methods to improve productivity and maintainability.
•Prepared POJO Classes to reduce memory wastage.
•Executed and debug test scripts.
•Good Experience in Resolving Conflicts while using GIT.
•Performed Defect tracking and management in JIRA.
•Track Bug Report to its closure, Logging Defects in Defect tracking tool for failed scenario and retesting it on upcoming build.
•Perform Cross browser testing to check the compatibility and stability of the application.
•Extensively automated Regression testing and generating Reports through Jenkins.
•Involved in all levels of Agile starting from Test Planning to Retrospective meeting.

I hereby declare that the information furnished above is true to the best of my knowledge.

Place: Chennai

Date: (SHANBASHA .M)
Contact this candidate