Neetha Hari
Senior QA Automation Test Engineer

Email: adqo3d@r.postjobfree.com Phone: 617-***-****
Senior QA Automation Test Engineer with 8+ years of experience in software quality assurance testing of web applications, web services, client/server applications and databases using Selenium, Cucumber, SOAPUI and current QA methodologies. Diversified experience in automation and manual testing serving various domains like Health Care, Banking and eCommerce.

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY:
Expertise in different phases of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) and Software Testing Life Cycle (STLC) including Agile Methodology/SCRUM and Waterfall methodologies.
Experienced in unit testing, functional testing, user acceptance testing (UAT), integration testing, system testing, performance testing, sanity testing, exception testing, compatibility testing & security testing of client/server and web-based applications.
Worked extensively on Agile Projects and attended several scrum meetings such as Sprint Planning, Scrums, and Sprint Review meetings.
Proficient in working knowledge of Core Java and Object Oriented Concepts (Inheritance, Polymorphism, Exception Handling, Multi-Threading and Collections).
Excellent knowledge and experienced in working with open source tools such as Selenium (Selenium IDE, Selenium RC, Selenium WebDriver and Selenium Grid), SoapUI, Cucumber, JUnit, JIRA and Eclipse.
Automated regression test cases using TestNG, Selenium WebDriver, and scheduled the jobs using a continuous integration tool, Jenkins.
Used testing frameworks like TestNG and created tests using different annotations like Before Suite, Before Class, etc.
Experienced in using Accessing Forms, Tables, Link, Keyboard Mouse Events, and Uploading File using Selenium WebDriver.
Developed and execute parallel runs for multiple browser testing using Selenium IDE and TestNG for the same framework.
Expertise in Grouping of Test Cases, Test Methods and Test Suites for regression and functional testing.
Experienced in handling Alerts and Popups in Selenium WebDriver.
Expertise in using different web-debugging tools like Firebug and Fire Path for finding elements.
Developed scripts to navigate to various frames and to handle multiple windows and performed operations on the web elements.
Experienced in handling the issues of Synchronization in Selenium WebDriver using waits such as Implicit wait, Explicit wait and Fluent wait.
Expert in finding elements using Xpath starts-with, text and contains attributes and using locators like ID, Name, Link Text, Partial Link text, Xpath, CSSselector and DOM.
Implemented different automation frameworks like Data-Driven Framework, Keyword-Driven Framework, Hybrid Framework, Behavior Driven Development Framework/Acceptance Test-Driven Development Framework (BDD/ATDD), and Page Object Model design pattern.
Performed Continuous Integration (CI) using Jenkins for scheduling the jobs using Jenkins, GIT, TestNG and Maven.
Experienced in working on databases such as Oracle, MS SQL Server, My SQL, JDBC connectors.
Performed Cross-Browser and Compatibility testing to test web applications, working as per the requirements in various browsers and different environments.
Experienced in working with Defect Management tools like JIRA, HP ALM/Quality Center & Rally.
Extensive experience on SOAP and RESTFUL web services testing using SOAP UI tool.
Immense knowledge in writing automation scripts using Behavior Driven Development (BDD) Cucumber, Gherkin, Features, Scenarios, Scenario Outlines, Steps, and Step Definitions and writing step definitions for its behavior.
Hands on experience in using build and project management such as Maven and configuration management tools like GIT to maintain the selenium and java test source code and resources.
Dynamic team player with an inclination towards growth and improvement of the project and its implementation.
TECHNICAL SKILLS:
Development Methodologies
Agile/Scrum, Waterfall
Automation Tools
Selenium WebDriver
Testing Tools
TestNG, Junit, Cucumber, Quality Center,
Frameworks
Keyword Driven, Data Driven, Hybrid, Page Object Model
Utilities
Eclipse, GIT, Firebug, Fire Path
Build & Integration Tools
Maven, Jenkins
Web Services
Postman
Test Management
JIRA, HP ALM & Quality Center, Rally, Bugzilla.
Markup Languages
HTML, XML.
DB/Database Tools
MS SQL Server, MySQL, Oracle.
Operating Systems
Windows XP/7/2008/10
Programming tools/Languages
Java, C#, .net
Artifacts
Test Strategy, Test Cases, Test Plan, RTM, Test Summary Report, Bug Report
Browsers
Internet Explorer, Mozilla Firefox, Google Chrome, Safari.
MS Office Tools
Excel, Outlook, PowerPoint, and Word.

WORK EXPERIENCE:

Project 1

Client
AIM Specialty Health
Role
Senior QA Engineer
Location
Chicago, IL
Duration
August 2017 – Present

Description: Aim Specialty Health NextGen is a Web based application, it's mission is to promote appropriate, safe, and affordable health care. As the leading specialty benefits management partner for today's health care organizations, AIM helps improve the quality of care and reduce costs for today's most complex tests and treatments. The AIM platform delivers significant cost-of-care savings across an expanding set of clinical domains, including radiology, cardiology, oncology, specialty drugs, sleep medicine, musculoskeletal care, and genetic testing.

Responsibilities:

Assessed & analysed user stories and participated in Sprint planning, Review Sessions & Scrum Meetings and developed Test scenarios, Test cases, Test data, Test procedures, Test reports.
Developed and Executed Test Scripts and performed functional testing to identify various critical points in the application and automated it using Selenium WebDriver and TestNG.
Tested micro services manually using Postman and swagger UI.
Implemented Behavior Driven Development Framework(BDD) using CUCUMBER and Page Object Model automation framework with Selenium WebDriver.
Used FireBug, FirePath to debug, edit and locate the objects based on ID, Name, XPath, CssSelector, Link, Partial Link, Attributes and Tags.
Performed Parallel and Cross Browser testing using TestNG on different browsers like Internet Explorer, Chrome, Safari and Firefox where multiple tests were run at the same time.
Handled Timeout Exception and ElementNotVisibleException using waits in Selenium.
Used Parameters, Data Provider TestNG annotations to perform regression and functional testing.
Executed JavaScript based code using Selenium WebDriver.
Performed Integration and Regression testing to check compatibility of new functionality with the existing functionalities of the application using Selenium.
Developed scripts to navigate to various iframes and to handle multiple windows using Selenium WebDriver.
Used AutoIt for automating the Windows GUI and general scripting.
Reviewed database test cases according to assigned Requirements to validate reports by retrieving data with complex SQL queries from Oracle.
Performed functional testing of REST web services using Postman scripts.
Wrote feature files using Gherkin in Cucumber for BDD.
Wrote Step Definitions using java.
Worked on cucumber feature files for Test Scenarios Using Acceptance Test Criteria.
Used Cucumber Features, Step Definitions, Scenarios, Scenario Outlines and tags.
Maintained the Java and selenium test source code and resources in the GIT source control repository tool.
Scripted the Test cases and managed the framework dependency jars using Maven.
Performed continuous integration of code and scripts using Jenkins. Configured and launched builds using Jenkins jobs and analysed the Test Results from Jenkins UI.
Worked with developers to update the defects, resolve them and track their status using JIRA.
Environment: Agile methodology, Mongo DB, JIRA, Selenium WebDriver, Java, HTML, CSS, XPath, Jenkins, Windows, Oracle, Firebug, Firepath, Maven, GIT, SOAPUI, Cucumber, Postman

Project2

Client
Lexington Medical Center
Role
Senior QA Engineer
Location
West Colubia, SC
Duration
Dec 2015 – July 2017

Description:
Lexington Medical Associates is focused on keeping you healthy. As a primary care practice, we provide health promotion, disease prevention, health maintenance, counseling, diagnosis and treatment of acute and chronic illnesses & patient education.
Responsibilities:

Analyze the Business Requirements and closely work with the Business Team to get the clarifications addressed.
Created Test plans, managed team members, assigned tasks and conducted meetings. Worked on SQL scripts to load data in the tables.
Reviewed product requirement documents, functional specifications, and involved in developing test strategy, test plan and test case documents.
Tested micro services manually using Postman and swaggerUI.
Extensively used Selenium (data-driven, XPath locator) and Web Driver to test the web application.
Developed Test Scripts to implement Test Cases, Test Scenarios, and features for BDD (Behavior Driven Development), TDD using Cucumber and POM (Page Object Model).
Involved in developing selenium automation framework using TestNG. Developed Maven targets to execute automation suites from command line.
Wrote test cases to handle Alerts on the web page.
Used Firebug/Fire Path Add-on tools to identify the Object's id, Name, XPath, link in the application.
Performed Data driven testing using Selenium and TestNG functions which reads data from property and XML files and Performed Continuous integration automation using Jenkins.
Performed parameterization of the automated test scripts in Selenium to check how the application performs against multiple sets of data.
Contributed in developing Automation Framework that uses Java, Selenium Web Driver and JUnit. Performed Data driven testing using Selenium Web Driver, TestNG functions and JDBC Connections which reads data from scripts using property and XML files.
Selected the Test Cases to be automated and performed functional testing of the front end using Selenium (Web Driver) & created Data Driven framework.
Performed cross browser testing on different Operating Systems like Windows, Linux and on different browsers like Internet explorer, Firefox, Google Chrome.
Regression testing was performed after each build release of the application and updated the Scripts by executing the Regression suites built using Selenium and approve for regression suite
Performed agile testing, review the stories and participated in Daily Scrum, Iteration Planning and Release Planning meeting and used Rally Tool.
Participated in peer review with team and developers to review test cases/test scripts.
Performed System, Integration, Smoke, Sanity, Functional, End to End, Positive and Negative and monitored the behavior of the applications during different phases of testing using testing methodologies.
Planning for Test Execution activities to accomplish tasks on daily/weekly basis.
Environment: Selenium Web Driver, Eclipse, SQL Server, HTML, XML, SVN, JUnit, TestNG, Jenkins, SoapUI, JIRA, Maven, Cucumber.

Project 3
Client
Abhibus
Role
QA Analyst
Location
Chennai, India
Duration
March 2015 – Nov 2015

Responsibilities:

Involved in various SDLC phases-Requirements Analysis, Test Case Development, System Testing, Regression and Conducted End to End and Black box testing.
Actively involved in functional, system, integration, positive, negative, GUI testing of the application.
Interacted with developers and business Users to communicate the defects and actively participated in replicating the bugs and performed regression testing using JIRA.
Created Test Data using SQL and wrote SQL queries for back-end testing.
Configured the Test Cases to receive input Test Data Sets for the corresponding test cases using TestNG Data Provider Annotation.
Implemented Hybrid approach for which I have used Data Driven and Key Word Driven framework.
Used SoapUI to test the application web services.
Used Maven Performed continuous integration of code and scripts using Jenkins. Configured and launched builds using Jenkins jobs and analyzed the Test Results from Jenkins UI.
Involved in daily Defect Triage meetings with Project Managers and developers during System testing and UAT.
Attended multiple sessions with Business Analyst and Solution Architects for understanding the design of the application for new Change Requests.
Usability testing of the application and workflow involving multiple functional modules
Worked with developers to Create and update the defects, resolve and track their status using JIRA.

Environment: Selenium Webdriver, TestNG, Eclipse, HTML, SoapUI, SVN, Maven, Jenkins, JIRA

Project 4

Client
Genpact
Role
QA Analyst
Location
Hyderabad, India
Duration
Oct 2013 – Feb 2015

Responsibilities:
Understanding the Business requirements, Application and function specifications, Design documents.
Involved in all phases of SDLC and STLC.
Involved in writing and designing templates for the Test Plans and Test cases.
Involved in Preparation of Test Scenarios and review of Test Cases.
Involved in updating and executing test cases according to requirements.
Wrote SQL Queries to retrieve data for a specified set of test requirements.
Identified the Test Cases and documented them in Quality Center.
Performed Functional, Negative, Positive, Regression and User Acceptance Testing.
Updated Reports and dashboards to display the status of test coverage including the number of test cases passed, failed or pending.
Interacted with developers, users and various members of the team to discuss issues, resolve defects and set priorities.
Worked in waterfall methodology.
Used SVN as version control tool.
Involved in Managerial Meetings and attended various conference calls at different levels from QA, Developers and Clients.

Environment: Manual Testing, HP Quality Center, SVN, MS Excel, Waterfall, SQL
Contact this candidate