ABHISHEK SINGH
● US Citizen ●adsaud@r.postjobfree.com ● 703-***-****

SUMMARY
More than SIX years of professional IT experience in Software Testing with various complex technical environments.
Experienced in Test automation and manual testing with different business domains and technologies.
Extensively experienced in testing Waterfall and Agile Development Projects.
Expert in identifying test scenarios & performing various testing like Sanity Testing, Regression Testing, Adhoc Testing, System level and data level Testing, Functional Testing and Data Base Testing.
Strong Knowledge in tracking bugs and reporting using JIRA.
Extensively experienced in Defect Reporting and Defect tracking process using HP ALM.
Proficient in writing SQL queries, generating reports to ensure data integrity and validating business rules.
Experienced in Data driven testing, Cross Browser testing and Parallel Test execution using Selenium WebDriver and TestNG.
Proven ability in developing BDD scripts with Cucumber and writing step definitions for behavior and continuous Integration using Jenkins and Bamboo.
Expert in Implementing Java API's in Selenium Automation Scripts.
Proficient in designing, implementing and maintaining industry standard Frameworks for Test Automation -Data Driven & Keyword driven Frameworks.
Fluent in black box and white box testing.
Ability to analyze test results and to maintain the documentation of test results.
Experienced in working with open source tools Selenium (WebDriver) and preparation of automation test framework.
Hands on experience in using build and project management tolls like MAVEN and Configuration management tools like GIT.
Good experience in testing REST services using Postman, Rest Assured and Testing both XML and JSON formats.
Experienced in Defect Follow-Up Meeting and analyzing root cause after successfully logging a defect.
Excellent analytical skills and problem-solving skills, a versatile team player with good communication and interpersonal skills.

EDUCATION:
Bachelors of Science in Information Technology (In- progress).

SKILL SET:
Testing Tools: Selenium WebDriver, HP ALM, JIRA, TestNG, Postman, Maven, Jenkins
Testing framework: Cucumber
Defect Tracking Tolls: HP ALM, JIRA, RATIONAL
Languages: Java, SQL, HTML, CSS
Operating System: Windows, UNIX/Linux
Continuous Integration Tools: Jenkins
Database: MY SQL, SQL Server, MS Access
Version Tools: Github
Other Tools: Microsoft Word, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft PowerPoint, MS Outlook
Browsers: Internet Explorer, Firefox, Chrome, Safari

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:

Wells Fargo, Roanoke, VA
QA Test Automation Engineer
(Nov, 2020 – Present)
Responsibilities:
Interpreted business requirements into Test cases and Test scripts to be run on the system post release to QA environments.
Developed a data driven framework used to execute automation testing on various parts of a financial, support and user creation application.
Involved in execution of Manual Test Cases Functionality of the services.
Re-tested defects found under UAT, Functional and Integration testing.
Created test case scenarios, executed test cases and maintained defects in JIRA.
Conducted database verification testing by using different SQL queries.
Designed & developed data driven framework to validate different user form using Selenium WebDriver and TestNG.
Involved in Framework for Smoke test and Regression test using BDD (Cucumber).
Developed and executed automation Regression testing and System testing using Selenium.
Involved in using Maven build tools to manage framework dependency jar files.
Involved in using Apache POI to read data from external sources to feed locators into the test script.
Used GitHub as a source repository system to share code within the office and overseas team.
Tested applications, bug fixes and new features from the team of developers.
Perform API inspections/TESTING VIA POSTMAN and make recommendations
Coordinated with technical support associates to fix proprietary software issues.

Environment: Java, Selenium WebDriver, Cucumber, Maven, TestNG, JIRA, MS Outlook, MS Excel, MS Word, SharePoint, Github, SQL, Internet Explorer, Chrome, Firefox, Safari, Windows.

Comcast, Denver, CO
QA Engineer
(Aug, 2018 – Oct, 2020)
Responsibilities:
Performed Test data creation and Scripting, Validation, Review, Analysis, Reporting, Troubleshooting.
Reviewed Test Plans, Test Cases and Test Scripts to ensure consistency with strategic direction, goals and objectives of QA resources working on the project with Agile SCRUM methodology.
Supported development team in finding the root cause of errors, by analyzing logs, database and source.
Attended meetings, involved in QA planning, coordination and implementation of QA methodology.
Used engineering skills to improve processes and automate QA tasks using Java.
Interacted with developers and business Users to communicate the defects and actively participated in replicating the bugs and performed regression testing using JIRA.
Have Extensively used white box AND Black Box for Testing.
Created Java based scripts for Selenium Web Driver with TestNG as automation frame work.
Implemented Behavior Driven Development (BDD) framework using Cucumber.
Wrote SQL queries for back-end testing.
Perform API inspections/TESTING VIA POSTMAN and make recommendations.
Customized Selenium API to suit in testing environment.
Developed components for each transaction used in the test script or scenario by using Selenium.
Performed Data driven testing to validate the components displayed on the website using Selenium.
Created various data tables based on created templates for different states to execute batch files in Selenium.
Worked with project teams through the Design and Test stages to ensure strict adherence to business requirements.
Communicated effectively testing activities and findings in verbal and written formats.

Environment: SQL Server, JIRA, Cucumber, Java, API, Agile, Selenium WebDriver, TestNG, MS Outlook, MS Excel, MS Word, Firefox, Chrome, Linux.

Change Health Care, Alpharetta, GA
Software Tester
(May, 2016 – Jul, 2018)
Responsibilities:
Analyzed business requirements, system requirements, and data mapping requirement specifications interacting with client, developers and QA team.
Created and implemented Test Plan and Test Strategy Document outlining the scope, objectives, timeline and focus of software testing effort for functional, regression, user acceptance and stress testing.
Involved in analyzing system specifications, design, development and execution of test plans and test cases for Manual and Automated testing.
Utilized JIRA to document test cases, test results and defects.
Used HP ALM as Defect tracking system to maintain defects.
Developed comprehensive Test plans according to business, functional and technical requirements using HP ALM.
Enhanced Test cases using Java programming features and TestNG Annotations.
Used Cucumber automated testing to test new and existing functionality.
Responsible for writing complex SQL Queries to find out that the data is correctly populated in each field.
Developed Automation scripts based on system requirements and use cases using Selenium.
Coordinated meetings with the development teams for appropriate handling of the bugs and their timely resolution.
Logged defects and helped in triaging them.

Environment: Java, Selenium, TestNG, MS Outlook, MS Excel, MS Word, SQL Server, JIRA, Cucumber, Windows, IE, Firefox, Chrome, HP ALM, Linux.

TRAINING AND CERTIFICATIONS:

Certified Scrum Master
AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner
CompTIA A+

References available upon request
Contact this candidate