Jyothi Vema
469-***-****
adt7z1@r.postjobfree.com

SUMMARY:
Over 8 years of experience in Information Technology, with specializing in Software Quality Assurance Testing, proficient in testing on Client/Server and Web based applications and good experience on Core Java, OOPS concepts.
Extensive working experience on all phases of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC), its methodologies such as Agile, SCRUM and Waterfall Model.
Proficient in the field of Information Technology, with specializing in Software Quality Assurance Testing, proficient in testing on Client/Server and Web based applications.
Proficient in using test automation tools such as Selenium WebDriver/RC/IDE/Grid, Quality Center to develop automation testing scripts for web and client server applications.
Experience with Mobile Automation using Appium automation framework for IOS and Android.
Expertise in developing the scripts for IOS and android with Simulator and emulator respectively.
Experience in working with virtual mobile cloud devices using Sauce Labs and Browser Stack.
Expertise in debugging issues occurred in front end part of web-based application, which is developed using HTML5, CSS3, Angular JS, Node.JS and Java.
Sound knowledge on Junit, BDD Cucumber and TestNG framework for Unit testing, Maven and Ant for Project building tool, Jenkins/Hudson for Continuous Integration.
Hands on experience in testing the AngularJS based application using Protractor.
Well versed with various testing stages/levels/phases, testing types, testing techniques and quality work products.
Experience in the development of Data driven, Keyword driven and Hybrid Automation frameworks in Selenium.
Good working experience on SOAP UI for testing and validating various web services used in the application.
Extensive experience in reviewing and analyzing Business Requirements and creating Test Plans, Test Cases, Test Scripts, Test Estimation & Requirement Traceability Matrix.
Professional expertise in Smoke Testing, backed end Testing, Black-Box Testing, User Acceptance Testing (UAT), Functional Testing, Positive/ Negative Testing, System Testing, Regression Testing, GUI Software Testing, Ad-hoc Testing, Cross Browser/ Cross Platform Testing, UI Validation, WebServices, Boundary Value Testing.
Sound knowledge on Object Oriented Programming (OOP) concept. Extensively used Java and Ruby for test case automation. Experience in implementing TDD and BDD.
Well versed in different management scenarios like Change Control, Quality Assurance, Defect Tracking, System Integration, and Task Scheduling.
Ability to adapt to new environment quickly, strong team player, good communication, good analytical and computation skills, enthusiastic learner, confident, sincere and committed.
Outstanding communicator with extensive experience in customer service as well as ability to identify, develop and enhance client relationships.

TECHNICAL SKILLS:

Testing Tools: Selenium WebDriver, Selenium Grid, TestNG, SoapUI, Postman
Mobile Testing Tools: Appium, Sauce Labs, Browser Stack
Languages: Core Java, C, JavaScript, Python, SQL, Gherkin
SD Methodologies: Agile-Scrum, Waterfall
Build & Integration Tools: Maven, Jenkins
Databases: Oracle, MS SQL, SQL Server
Utilities: Eclipse, GIT, Firebug, Fire Path
Frameworks: JUnit, BDD Cucumber, TestNG

EDUCATION:

Bachelor of Technology in Computer Science Engineering

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:

Role: Senior SDET March 2020 – Till Date
Client: Cummins (Columbus, IN)

Project Description: Cummins Engine Research Application. The application diagnoses the issues in the engine and gives the report with all the engines issues.

●Analysis and understand the requirements specifications.
●Reporting Bugs and doing regression testing.
●Involved in testing mobile application testing for platforms like IOS, Android with simulator and emulator respectively.
●Implemented mobile automation framework using Appium.
●Performed Cross Browser Automation testing using selenium web driver with Sauce Labs cloud integration.
●Developed the test scripts in BDD Cucumber framework.
●Responsible for creating the Sanity, Smoke and Regression test suites for each release
●Identified the locators for the mobile elements through Appium Inspector tool.
●Fixed the failed scripts during the sanity, smoke and regression testing.
●Created XML based test suit and integrated with Jenkins Server to execute automation scripts on a regular basis by scheduling Jenkins jobs in different test environments with different test configurations
●Create and track Issues using JIRA tool as part of Defect management.
●Working in Agile Development Environment, attending scrum and sprint planning meetings.
●Actively presented automation scripts to stake holders though demo sessions.
Environments: Selenium WebDriver, SOAPUI, Postman, Eclipse IDE, JIRA, Java,
TestNG, Firebug, Xpath.

Role: Senior SDET December 2016 – February 2020
Copper Mobile (Dallas, TX)

Project Description: Copper Mobile is a preferred digital transformation partner that has specialized in enterprise mobile app development.

Responsibilities:
●Conducted Functional testing, Regression Testing using selenium with BDD (cucumber).
●Identifying the E2E scenario & Creating the Reusable methods & Generic methods.
●Gathered requirements documents such as business requirements and design document and other related documents.
●Reviewed the Test Basis, designed and documented Test Strategies, Test Plan, Test Cases and executed test cases.
●End to End Testing of the complete website which was developed using Angular.JS, JavaScript, HTML5, CSS3 and other web technologies.
●Responsible for writing and maintain Selenium WebDriver scripts for regression and functional testing using data driven framework.
●Involved in testing the application utilizing the Scrum (Agile) methodology.
●Involved on Cucumber testing and defined the test scenarios and created the test cases in Test Manager.
●Involved in designing of automation framework to be used in UI testing with Selenium.
●Execute browser compatibility and regression tests using Selenium WebDriver for testing UI for every new build release.
●Created Python scripting to test REST API functionality for regression setup.
●Performed functional tests using Selenium WebDriver with data driven framework and documented results in a database.
●Developed Python scripts to automate the test cases.
●Expertise in bug Tracking and Reporting using Test Director/HP Quality Center, ALM.
●Used the Firebug to inspect the XPath of the web elements and Eclipse IDE for Java development.
●Identified, Reported and Tracked Defects using Quality Center test management tool.
●Manually tested, verified, and validated that the product meets user requirements.
●Performed End-to-End testing of database to check data integrity using SQL queries.
●Assisted QA lead in documenting User Acceptance Test report and reporting defect resolution.

Environments: Selenium WebDriver, Java, Python, TestNG, Angular JS, Protractor, LoadRunner, Jenkins, Cucumber, Agile, SQL, Maven, Appium, DHTML, SOAP UI, XPath, Firebug, Eclipse, Quality Center HTML, GitHub, Windows 7.

Role: Automation Engineer/SDET June 2012 – March 2016
Zoron IT Solutions (Client: ICICI Bank)

Project Description: ICICI Bank, a leading private sector bank in India, offers Net banking services & Personal banking services like Accounts & Deposits, Cards, Loans.

Responsibilities:
Conducted Functional and Regression Testing using selenium with BDD framework.
Created automation test scripts to test the Web applications using Selenium WebDriver with
JAVA and maven.
Involved in developing test plan, test strategies, test scenarios, test scripts and test steps based on Business and System Use Cases.
Wrote highly efficient and maintainable Java code to develop Page Objects using the Selenium Framework.
Created test cases, test plans, tested API’s, wrote TestNG test cases, executed code coverage, wrote automation scripts using Selenium, executed database queries for testing purposes and led different projects in the shipping and checkout domain.
Performed Data driven testing using Selenium WebDriver and TestNG functions which reads data from property and XML files.
Used Maven to build and run the Selenium automation framework. Once the script got over, framework used to send the automation reports over email.
Created Data Driven tests that randomized the test data for testing the AUT using Excel file.
Used XPath and DOM to work with dynamic and static objects in Selenium.
Performed Smoke, Functional, Regression and Integration testing.
Identified and reported bugs using defect tracking tool HP Quality Center and presented bug reports for weekly status updates.
Performed data accuracy, data validation and data integrity testing by querying the database using SQL queries to check the data table on server.
Conducted backend testing using SQL queries to validate data for database.
Participated in Stand-up meeting, walkthrough meeting, weekly automation meeting with all other QA, weekly assessment meetings with business analysts and developers.

Environments: Java, Selenium WebDriver, Eclipse, TestNG, Maven, Jenkins, Cucumber, Page Object Model (POM), Data Driven Framework, Quality Center, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, SOAP UI, Web Service, XPATH, WSDL, XML, Oracle, SQL, Linux, Windows.
Contact this candidate