Lala Bayramova
SOFTWARE AUTOMATION TEST ENGINEER
Email:adtqgm@r.postjobfree.com
Phone: 773-***-****
Work Status: Green Card
Current Location: Chicago, IL

SUMMARY OF QUALIFICATIONS:
A strong qualified Software Automation Test Engineer with more than 4 years of experience with both Manual and Automated Testing skills on web-based applications using Selenium WebDriver/Grid, Maven, Cucumber, JUnit, TestNG with Java.
Strong knowledge in all phases of Agile/Scrum and Waterfall methodologies in SDLC process and hands-on experience in all phases of STLC process.
Very good experience in writing Test Cases, executing Test Scripts, reporting defects and preparing Test Result Report
Experienced in testing Web Based Applications and automating the test cases using JAVA, Selenium WebDriver, Apache Maven, Cucumber, JUnit, JIRA, TestNG, SQL and JDBC.
Experienced in Smoke Testing, Positive, Negative, Functional, Integration, System, Black Box and Regression Testing.
Comfortable on core Java and Object-Oriented Programming (OOP) concepts and experience in designing, developing, enhancing automated test scripts for Selenium using Java Programming Language.
Automated UI testing with Selenium WebDriver, Data-Driven and Behavior-Driven, Hybrid Test AutomationFramework, built on Page Object Model (POM) and Cucumber by using Java, supporting parallel test execution to reduce time.
Proficient in creating Automation Framework from scratch and expertise in Automation Testing, Page Object Module (POM), Data-Driven/Modular Framework in Selenium WebDriver with Java.
Experienced in detecting, analyzing, logging, reporting the Defects and pursuing their fixing process with the use of Defect Management and Application Management Tool such as Jira.
Experience using Continuous Integration tool like Jenkins.
Used Apache POI methods for writing/reading to/from Excel sheets to perform.
Experienced in writing complex SQL queries in different types of RDBMS such as MySQL, ORACLE, MS SQLServer to perform the Back End Testing and automated Data Validations using JDBC.
Implemented web service for RESTful API with REST Assured library, also very comfortable with using Postman for Manual API Testing
Hands on experience working in Git and GitHub.
Proven ability in working individually or as a part of a team, reporting and assisting to manager.
Detail-oriented, team player, self-motivated, open to learning and sharing the knowledge.
TECHNICAL PROFICIENCIES:
Languages
Java, HTML,SQL
Testing Tools
Selenium WebDriver/Grid,Postman,Cucumber,JUnit,TestNG
Test Management Tools
Maven, Jenkins, Jira
Operation Systems and IDE
Windows, macOS, Eclipse, IntelliJ
RDBMS
SQL, MySQL, Oracle
Version Control System Tools
Git, GitHub
Testing Frameworks
Cucumber BDD, JUnit, Data Driven
Bug Tracking Tool
Jira
API
Rest Assured, Postman

WORK EXPERIENCE:
Motorola Mobility LLC June 2021- Present
Analysis and Engineering of Motorola phones and all North America carrier products.
· Testing mobile devices to ensure their configuration, operation, and capabilities work efficiently.
· Working with device manufactures, product managers, and development teams to test and optimize mobile products.
· Tested the application and functionality under different networks and Internet speeds including on 3G, 4G/LTE and Wi-Fi.
· Responsible for creation, design and execution of test strategies, including writing test plans, test cases and test scenarios.
· Perform QA Smoke, Acceptance, Regression, Function, KPI, Sanity Testing
· Ensure timely and accurate implementation of test plan by managing and prioritize test assignments, activities and resources under direction of Quality Engineers and Project Managers

· Create and modify specific Test Cases for any Android OS upgrade with user requirement documents
· Performed planning and execution, defect reporting and fix verification using manual and automated techniques to have test plans in place and executed according to our release schedules

· Assisting with the configuration of test environment
· Log defects in JIRA with defect type, priority and detail information about the defect and route it to specified application group
· Enter and manage defects in a defect tracking system ensuring that all defects are entered with adequate information to assist developers in reproducing the problem,, working with the development teams to identify the root cause of the problems

· Collaborated in all phases of software development lifecycle (SDLC) and testing lifecycle (STLC) in Agile / Scrum environment maintaining quality development of the Sprint deliverables

TransUnion Chicago, IL November 2019 – June 2021
(QA Automation Test Engineer)
Involved in writing and implementing Test Cases, Test Scenarios, and Test Scripts in accordance with Business Requirement. Automated the User Stories based on the Acceptance Criteria.
Coordinated with product teams and ensured that all automated solutions were delivered on time and were of optimal quality
Participated in all phases of Software Testing Life Cycle (STLC)
Performed Cross Browser testing of the application for different browsers such as Internet Explorer, Safari, Firefox, Chrome
Involved in developing and executing Data-Driven Framework from scratch using Java, Selenium WebDriver, Data-Driven Testing (DDT),Maven by implementing Page Object Model and Singleton.
Performed UI testing usingBDD, Cucumber to run Smoke and Regression Tests on multiple platforms and browsers in parallel.
Developed BDD, Cucumber Framework and used Gherkin format to automate Test Cases.
Used Apache POI to read data from Excel sheet for Data-Driven.
Created HTML reports with detailed test steps and screenshots, Performed Database Testing by using JDBC library and writing SQL queries to test the Oracle database.
Integrated Selenium WebDriver script to Jenkins CI /CD server.
Worked with Git/GitHub Version Control tool.
Collaborated in all phases of software development lifecycle (SDLC) and testing lifecycle (STLC) in Agile / Scrum environment maintaining quality development of the Sprint deliverables.

Environment: Selenium WebDriver, Cucumber, Java, TestNG, Jenkins, HTML, CSS, Maven, Git, Windows, SQL.

Vizient Inc. Chicago, IL November 2017 – October 2019
(Software Automation Test Engineer)

Performed Functional, Smoke, Integration and Regression Testing
Experienced all Sprint related Scrum Ceremonies and followed Agile testing methodology such as Sprint Planning, Daily Stand Up, Retro, Grooming and Demo.
Created Cucumber BDD testing framework from scratch using Java, Selenium WebDriver, JUnit, Maven using the Page Object Model.
Extensively used Selenium locators like (XPath, CSS Selector) and WebDriver to test the web application.
Detected, reported and tracked defects using Jira
Experienced with POSTMAN for manual API testing and REST-Assured library to automate API testing.
Responsible for verifying REST Web Services APIs requests and to get valid JSON/ XML responses for the following methods like CRUD operations GET, POST, PUT and DELETE.
Experienced Java Database Connectivity (JDBC) to connect to database source and used SQL for verification of data and validation from Oracle
Performed remote executions of daily Smoke Tests with Jenkins and sent email reports

Environment: Java, SQL, API Postman, Selenium, Cucumber, TestNG, Junit, Maven, BDD, HTML, CSS, Excel.

EDUCATION:
Azerbaijan State University of Foreign Languages

LANGUAGE:
English-fluent
Russian-fluent
Turkish-native
Contact this candidate