Sunita Singh
Email: adtv86@r.postjobfree.com
Contact: 331-***-****

Professional Summary:
Enthusiastic, hardworking and team player with 5 years of experience in software testing on web-based applications.
Worked on Selenium Web Driver Automation using JAVA, Cucumber, Maven and TestNG framework.
Experience in designing automation framework from scratch using Selenium-Page Object Model design.
Experience with running the test scripts over Selenium Grid on Jenkins continuous integration server and CICD Jenkins.
Planned, Designed, Built and Maintained complex Test Automation Frameworks (Data driven, Keyword and Page Object Model).
Experience in Automating web application using Cross Browser Testing Tool for parallel execution.
Experience in developing BDD framework in Cucumber.
Involved in testing of the backend database using SQL queries.
Experience in all the phases of STLC (Software testing life cycle) includes, Test planning, test designing, test execution, test closure.
Strong working experience in Agile Testing Environment and good expertise in handling Scrum calls, Sprint Planning, Reviews, and retrospective meetings.
Experienced in Manual and Automated testing with tools such as Selenium RC/Web Driver/IDE/Grid and Joint/Testing.
Experience on JIRA to track and report system defects and bug fixes.
Worked on application life cycle management, defect management and software configuration management.
Experience on testing REST API web services using POSTMAN.

Technical Skills:

Test Automation
WebDriver (Java), Selenium Grid, Page Object Model, Cucumber BDD.
Testing Tools
Selenium WebDriver, Maven,REST, Postman, JIRA, Cucumber
Programming
Java
Version Control Systems
Git/GitHub
Build/Integration Tools:
Jenkins,
Database:
Oracle, SQL Server

PROJECTS:

Amigo Infotech Pvt. Ltd. October 2012 – June 2016
Sr. Quality Automation Engineer

Worked in agile scrum methodology. Attended Daily standup meetings.
Prepare Test design approach by discussing within the team and with Developers.
Performed functional testing to identify various critical points in the application and automated it by using Selenium WebDriver with TestNG.
Performed Data driven testing using Selenium WebDriver, TestNG functions and JDBC Connections which reads data from scripts using property and data files.
Used MAVEN to build and run the Selenium automation framework, Once the script got over, framework used to send the automation reports over email.
Detected Defects, communicated to the developers using Bug Reporting Tool and Tracking the Defects using JIRA.
Involved in Testing of REST API Web Services using REST plug-in and Postman tool.
Identified test cases to automate and develop automation test scripts using Selenium WebDriver and Java.
Involved in setting up testing environment with Eclipse, JUNIT and Selenium Webdriver.

Tara Softtech Services Pvt.Ltd. December 2011 – September 2012
Test Engineer

Worked on writing the test cases to test the functionality of internal web applications.
Developed test scripts and maintained automated regression test cases in Selenium Web Driver using Java Programming Language and TestNG.
Modified and updated Automation scripts when developers change the code in Agile Environment.
Used JIRA to track and report system defects and bug fixes. Written modification requests for the bugs in the application and helped developed developers to track and resolve the problems.
Participated in daily meetings, generating reports and documentation to contribute to the establishment of standards and procedures for software testing.
Experience in writing Test plan documents and manually executing Test scripts.
Automated the regression test cases using the WebDriver & TestNG.
Responsible for keeping up with the test schedule and interacting with software engineers to ensure clear communications on requirements and defect reports.

Education:

B. Tech in Electronics & Telecommunication, Dr.Babasaheb Ambedkar Marathwada University, Aurangabad.
Contact this candidate