SATHYA SATHISHKUMAR Phone: 770-***-****
Software Test Automation Engineer E-Mail: adtyoa@r.postjobfree.com PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY:
Around three years of experience with a high level of proficiency in both Functional, manual & automation testing using Jira. Selenium, Selenium Web driver.
Experience in test planning, design, execution (Manual and Automation), and defect reporting in Waterfall and Agile Scrum methodologies.
Excellent skills in understanding requirements and creating test cases out of Business Requirement Documents and Functional Requirement Documents.
Strong working knowledge in Automation tools such as Selenium WebDriver, Java, Maven, Eclipse, and TestNG.
Strong working knowledge in testing all phases of SDLC and STLC and expertise in Waterfall, Agile with SCRUM lifecycles.
Experience in creating, modifying, and maintaining new and existing Automation Framework Models (Hybrid, Keyword, and Data-Driven Frameworks).
Experience in creating Page objects using Page Object Model (POM) design pattern.
Good hands-on experience with writing SQL queries.
Great Understanding of Priority and severity in defects and approaches to the developers with root cause analysis.
Strong work ethic, time management, and prioritization skills with a demonstrated ability to execute against multiple projects in a results-oriented work environment.
A good team player with excellent communication, and interpersonal skills, and an ability to work in challenging work products and in effective Project Management and project analysis activities. ACADEMIC PROFILE:
Master of Computer Application from Sathyababa University, Chennai, India TECHNICAL EXPERTISE:
Methodologies Agile (Scrum), Waterfall, SDLC, and STLC Software Testing Functional, Manual Testing, UI Testing, Integration Testing, Regression Testing, Testing tools Selenium Web Driver, TestNG, Cucumber Test Build & Integration Tools Maven, GitHub
Programming Languages JAVA, Gherkins
Databases MYSQL, PostgreSQL
Testing Frameworks Data-Driven, Hybrid, Page Object Model. Other tools Jira, Eclipse, GitHub
Markup Languages XPath, CSS Selector
Operating Systems Microsoft Windows, Linux
MS Office Tools Outlook, MS Word, MS Excel, MS PowerPoint, MS Access PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:
Numpy Ninja, Jersey City, NJ
Feb 2022 to till date.
Automation Engineer
Project Summary: The LMS(Learning Managment System) is a web application used by admin and LMS students. It allows various features - user registration, Create program,batch and classes, Assign assignment. It helps to register new students, add their program details, assign classes and batches, and track the assignment Roles & Responsibilities:
Responsible for design, and implementation of automation frameworks using the latest technologies like BDD cucumber, Rest Assured reducing the test execution effort by 60-70%.
Implemented Page Object Model framework to reduce code duplication and improve test case maintenance.
Worked with Eclipse IDE, Maven, Selenium Web driver, and TestNG.
Developed Scenarios, Scenario outlines, features, and Step definitions, and generated the cucumber reports and Allure Reports.
Created automation tests for the DS ALGO application using Selenium WebDriver with Java using Page Object Model.
Performed data validation with PostgreSQL
Performed contract testing for APIs using POSTMAN and Swagger.
Performed API Automation using a data-driven approach and BDD approach in Rest Assured Project.
Validated the data, JSON Schema, and DB validation for the responses as per the requirement. Neeyamo Technologies, Chennai, India
Jun 2012 to July 2014
Software Test Engineer
Project Summary: The job API project involves converting a feed from 5 job sources into restful APIs. The output of the APIs is cleansed using various data rules and AI and loaded into a database. The end user is able to upload a resume and automatically get matched to the kind of jobs he is looking for using advanced AI extraction techniques. Roles & Responsibilities:
Test Scripts Preparation for User Interface and Data warehouse.
SOAPUI Web services Testing Performed.
Created SQL Queries to for ETL Testing.
Test case Execution, Defect Reporting, and logging.
Reporting QA Status.
Contact this candidate