• Over *+ Years of Professional Experience as
Software Engineering in Manual Testing and
Automation Testing.
• Published few Blogs.
• Actively seeking challenging opportunities where I can contribute my technical skills, work
experience for organization success and
synchronize with new technology while being
resourceful, innovative and flexible.
• Self-starter with the ability to be a good team
player.
SDET, Numpy Ninja, Dec 2021 – Present
• Designed and implemented automation
frameworks using TestNG, Cucumber BDD from
scratch using Selenium Java which improved the
testing team efficiency by 70%.
• Created Test Cases (Test Scripts) using Selenium WebDriver, Java, and TestNG Annotations which
improved the testing team efficiency.
• Implemented Page Object Model to reduce code
duplication and improved test case maintenance
and development time by 50%.
• Worked on BDD by writing Gherkins using
cucumber tool, which helped in detecting bugs in
early stage, Developed Scenario and Scenario
outlines for features and implemented Step
definitions and generating the Cucumber Reports
and Allure Reports.
• Created Data Driven test cases in Selenium and
verified results using multiple sets of data for
Selenium Project.
• Worked on Web locators like cssSelector, Xpath,
ClassName, TagName etc.
• Worked on Cross Browser Testing.
Geeta Thakur
QA Automation/SDET
advbl5@r.postjobfree.com
www.linkedin.com/in/geeta-thakur-13102ba
https://medium.com/@geeta.thakur2008
https://github.com/geeta2008
SKILLS
Automation: Selenium WebDriver, Rest
Assured
Frameworks: TestNG, BDD Cucumber, Junit
IDE/Tools/Build Tool: Postman, Swagger,
GIT, Maven, Eclipse, SOAP UI
Bug Tracking Tools: Jira, Trello
Development Methodology: Agile,
Waterfall
Database Tool: PostgreSQL
CI/CD: Jenkins
Language: Java
Platform: Window
Manual Testing, SDLC, STLC
PROFILE
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
• Performed contract testing for API using POSTMAN and Swagger.
• Automating API using data driven approach in
Rest Assured.
• Performed CRUD Operations for Restful API Web
services using POSTMAN to assert responses.
• Extensive experience in testing using various methods Such as Ad-hoc, Smoke, Black Box, White Box, System, Regression, Back-End, Browser Compatibility,
Functional, Integration Testing and publish the detailed report with the bugs detected.
• Running Full Automation suite for every Release and analyze the root cause of Failed Scripts.
• Conducted day-to-day project co-ordination, planning and implementation using Slack updated the Trello card for the project.
• Familiar with CI/CD Pipeline using Jenkins and have knowledge about GitLab Builds.
• Have used GitHub for version control.
• Experience with Agile and Scrum methodologies to accomplish project milestones and meet demanding
timelines.
• Experience in writing and executing Test Strategy, Test Cases, and preparing test summary documents.
• Experience in full Software Development Life Cycle
(SDLC).
• Experience in understanding Business Requirement Specifications, Functional Specifications and converting them into Test Scenarios.
• Helping the team to resolve issues and sharing
knowledge with team members.
Software Test Engineer, Smartried Software Technologies Pvt Ltd Sep 2014 – April 2017
• Generated test cases as per Use cases defined in product requirement document.
• Writing the manual testcases and executing the existing test cases as part of regression testing.
• Involved in Functional Testing, Re-Testing.
• Reporting status of testing progress, issues to team lead on a weekly basis.
HR, Teamware Pvt Ltd July 2013 – Sep 2014
HR, Datamatics UK Pvt Ltd Dec 2011 – April 2013
HR, Pure HRC Oct 2007 – Dec 2008
1st Runner Up, in Dietician Rest Assured Hackathon, July 2022
1st Runner Up, in Dietician Selenium BDD
Cucumber Hackathon, June 2022
5th Position in Blog writing
Error: Stale Element Reference Exception
API Keys
Robot Class
Automation Jira with API
Hamcrest Assertion
Gecko Driver
Master in Human Resources Management
Gitam College, 2007
Supratim Dasgupta
Founder & CEO, Numpy Ninja
advbl5@r.postjobfree.com
Contact this candidate