Software Quality Assurance Engineer
Highly skilled lead software engineer with 12+ years of technical experience in software engineering and qualitative assurance (QA), automation scripting and testing, and production support of web and batch applications hosted on cloud PaaS environments utilizing tools for software versioning and quality assurance. Dedicated focus on agilely meeting all customer requirements and delivering high quality products on schedule. Creative and methodical engineer in cloud-based web application development and testing tools in Cucumber, Java, Selenium, Maven, SQL, Postman, GIT, Bitbucket, Jenkins pipelines, Android Studio, and Appium.
Skills
Analysis and Design Business Applications and Requirements Coding Testing Maintenance Agile
GIT Bitbucket GitHub Sourcetree Jenkins APIGEE Google Cloud Platform C C++ AngularJS JavaScript NPM Java Java J2EE JUnits Intellij/ANT Visual Studio Code/NPM Eclipse IDE/Maven frameworks Selenium Cucumber (BDD, Gherkin) Katalon Soap UI Appium Advanced RESTful Client (ARC) Postman Oracle WebLogic Server XML Json Java Persistence API (JPA) Hibernate Liquibase SQL PL/SQL Atlassian Suite (Jira, Confluence) HP/ALM Linux CSS

Career Summary and Accomplishments
Accenture, 05/2013 – 12/2022
Lead Quality Automation Engineer
Creates and executes automated test scripts that follow standard QA methodologies for Salesforce web UI applications streamlined in Jenkins pipelines in CI/CD automation, Cucumber, Java, Selenium, and Postman. Codes and maintains Cucumber BDD, Java, and Selenium automation test frameworks and scripts. Active member of Agile automation and manual test teams of 2 – 10 members in client-facing finance, insurance, health and public services projects. Creates and codes Page Object Models (POM) classes consisting of selenium XPath or CSS locators of webpage elements and selenium or javascript action methods for entering or obtaining text, dropdown menu selection, finding and clicking web elements and window handling. Codes and tests POM classes and action methods in spring annotated java test class methods throwing exceptions upon encountering errors. Codes and test APIs that validates response codes and payload content using Postman, SoapUI, and ARC. Executes and tracks test plans and test cases for smoke, functional, integration and regression testing. Investigates quality and product possible causes of problems. Collaborates with development and product teams regarding acceptance criteria, bug identification, and validation. Analyzes, troubleshoots, resolves, and documents all bugs in Jira and provides a clear path to root cause and resolution.
Increased selenium automation of finance manual test scripts by 33% with completion rates of 100+ scripts per week.
Designed Power BI Analytical burndown charts and dashboards for tracking project delivery issues and risks in insurance industry.
Increased developer productivity by 50% when enhanced all UI test suites to Jenkins pipeline execution.
Augmented defect mitigation by 25% after designing Power BI Analytics for Jira defect triaging.
Early delivery of scheduled health and human services functional test script executions with all defects resolved.
100% improvement of Jira test management for leisure project.
Delivered 300+ LifeCycle forms for complex JPA SQL scripts ahead of schedule.

Avanade, Inc., 07/2012 – 05/2013
Systems Analyst
Completed daily software engineering enhancement and maintenance duties for a state healthcare system
in multiple – Web, batch, and transactional (T-SQL) – environments. Updated CMMI Level IV
documentation and project maintenance activities with regard to analysis, coding, unit testing, peer
reviews, and configuration management. Communicated with customers of all levels and collaborated
with various skill levels of technical and non-technical teams. Reports and documents all bugs in HP/ALM.
Programmed modules in Java, J2EE, and SQL.
Northrop Grumman, Inc., 09/2005 – 07/2012
Senior Software Engineer
Performed software engineering, analysis, and development of a complex joint logistics
and acquisition application of 2500+ java classes and 800 HTML web pages. Analyzed, identified and
managed, researched quality and product issues. Communicated across multiple teams and collaborated
with various skill levels of technical and non-technical teams. Analyze and reviewed requirements into
design documentation, client windows and C/C++ application. Deep knowledge of relational database
design, modeling, and PL/SQL server programs (stored procedures and functions, table triggers with DML
statements). Designed, developed, coded, and tested comprehensive complex technical solutions across
web supported applications in cloud environments. Engineered and scripted complex and comprehensive
test plans and test cases for manual testing and offering suggestions regarding changes, improvements,
and alternatives. Identified test plans and test cases for smoke, functional, integration and regression
testing. Identifies parameters, functions, and data to test and validate. Troubleshoot, analyzed, and
documented issues and provided a path to root cause, resolution, and closure.
Reduced client travel budget by 50% with redesign and automatic generation of client’s repair and production report.
Reduced base closing by 20% after improving the accuracy of repair and production shipment data.
Improved repair and production reporting by 25% after creating transaction evaluation engine.
Delivered design of contract implementation application and increased Northrop Grumman’s revenue by $1.9M per year.

Education
B. S. Information Systems, University of Phoenix

Additional Relevant Information
Clearance - Public Trust - Expires 10/2027
Contact this candidate