Elvin Mete Rasulov
Automation Test Engineer
Fairfax, VA 22030 412-***-**** adwf7y@r.postjobfree.com /US - Citizen
OVERVIEW
Senior test automation engineer with 8+ years of proven track record in different areas of Software Development & Quality Assurance focused on executing and testing of complex software applications.
Expertise in Preparing Effort Estimation, Test Plans, Test Strategies, Metrics, Test Scenarios, Test Cases, Test Data.
Worked in Agile methodology. Attended Daily standup meetings. Developed Test Plan and Test cases based on the user stories (Functional requirements)
Experience in Page object design pattern for data driven Test automation framework.
Distributed testing experience for cross browser and cross platform functional testing through Selenium grid as Hub/Node setup.
Experience with implementation of Test Automation Framework in Java using Selenium WebDriver, Grid, TestNG and Maven or Gradle.
Wrote and executed automated test cases using Selenium WebDriver to automate manual testing solutions.
Experience building BDD frameworks using Cucumber, Gherkins, Maven, TestNG, Jenkins and deployment of source code via GIT.
Extensively debugged Java based Selenium Web Driver scripts for accuracy and identified possible causes of malfunction.
Used JIRA for issue tracking and Git and GitHub for version control.
Strong Database (Oracle, SQL Server) testing skills using advanced SQL.
Excellent training skills in technical and domain areas required for the projects which helps the team.
Professional communication skills and the ability work with customers and outside vendors.
Expertise in leveraging Agile / DevOps principles. Providing Technical consultancy in implementing orchestration and automation of build and deployment processes using containerization and application configuration management tools Jenkins, Docker, Kubernetes, and Ansible, and Experience with AWS.
Experienced in CI (Continuous Integration)/CD (Continuous Delivery) software development pipeline stages like building, debugging, automating, managing, and deploying code across multiple environments.
Perform data migration from on-premises environments into AWS.
Hands-on experience in building EKS – Managed Kubernetes cluster from scratch in AWS and deploying Elasticsearch, Fluent, and Kibana for monitoring and logging.
Extensive experience using MAVEN as a Build Tools for the building of deployable artifacts (war & ear) from source code.
Design, Deploy, and maintain enterprise-class security, network, and systems management applications within an AWS environment.
EXPERIENCE
VISA - Automation Test Engineer November 2021 – Present
Responsibilities:
High traffic system environment with an emphasis on banking transactions with Visa worldwide.
Built APIs and used Postman for the mobile testing of Visa transactions amongst banks.
Worked with Java for automating tests and implement OOP concepts in the framework.
Used SQL for the back end of CI/CD pipelines as the database and used Jenkins for monitoring deployment of the CICD pipelines.
Detected Defects, communicated to the developers using Bug Reporting Tools like Postman and Tracking the Defects using JIRA.
Created functional automation scripts for the report generation module using tools Selenium WebDriver and TestNG.
Designed and developed User defined functions, Generic functions with Selenium/WebDriver and Java programming.
Tested compatibility of application/site with Internet Explorer, Firefox and Safari
Used Jenkins as a Continuous Integration server to configure with GitHub and Maven.
Tested Web Service request and response XML, JSON, based web services interfaces using Postman and Rest API.
Performed backend testing to validate the data using SQL queries to the required test cases.
Environment: Java, Selenium WebDriver, Cucumber, Jenkins, Fire Path, Firebug, INTELJ, HTML, Appium for mobile testing. XML, JSON, XPath, Quality center, Internet Explorer, Chrome, Oracle and Windows.
GDIT - Automation Engineer in DevOps November 2020- November-2021
Responsibilities:
Monitored existing GDIT healthcare applications with Docker and Kubernetes.
Hired as a tester though worked as a hands-on developer as well.
Built and deployed Jenkins pipelines from scratch.
Focused 70% UI side of applications.
Used Docker, Kubernetes, and Ansible to deploy applications. Writing various Ansible playbooks to support continuous deployment and automation. Implemented and maintaining configuration management tool Ansible from scratch level. Adding new nodes to ansible master through SSH authentication, preserve the inventory file to manage nodes, create new roles in terms of reuse the ansible playbooks.
Configured the CI/CD pipeline over cloud bees Jenkins through numerous plugins of DevOps tools like build pipeline/blue ocean, Ansible, Nexus, GIT.
Design and implemented CI/CD Pipeline for microservices projects, Launching Pods over.
Build and run the docker images to launch containers, create docker AMI's for the Jenkins build dynamic nodes to run the Jenkins pipeline/schedule jobs.
Responsible for using AWS Console and AWS Command Line Interface for deploying and operating AWS services specifically VPC, EC2, S3, EBS, IAM, ELB, Cloud Formation, and Cloud Watch, AWS Lambda
Managed Kubernetes cluster from scratch in AWS and deploying Elasticsearch, Fluent, and Kibana for monitoring and logging.
Environment: Python, Java, JIRA, Selenium, Jenkins, AWS, Selenium Grid, Firebug, AWS applications, HTML, XML, XPATH, Oracle SQL, MS Office, and Windows, and Agile, Docker, Kubernetes, and Ansible, Portainer.io, next Cloud.
UPMC - SDET November 2017- November 2020
Responsibilities:
Responsible for periodic updating of Test Plans and Test Cases as per Requirement Specifications and Business rules for healthcare applications.
Integrated Automation scripts (in Groovy of JMeter) in Continuous Integration tools (Gitlab) for nightly batch run of the Script.
Performed data driven testing by using JDBC as a data source and configured SQL queries to fetch data from the Oracle database.
Performed API testing using Postman, Ready API, SOAPUI.
Generated, parsed and validated JSON and XML formatted data using Java, JavaScript and Groovy that received in response from REST API calls.
Used VMWare to perform automated performance testing for the backed.
Automated Regression Test Cases Cucumber frameworks for easy execution of test scripts and reports.
Environment: Java, JIRA, GitLab, Selenium Web Driver IO, Selenium Grid, Firebug, HTML, XML, XPATH, Oracle SQL, MS Office, and Windows, and Agile, Salesforce, AWS and VMWare.
KAYAKO - PR Automation Test Engineer February 2015 – November 2017
Responsibilities:
Participated in analyzing the user/business requirements, functional specifications and use case documents to create the Test Plans and Test cases for System testing.
Detected Defects, communicated to the developers using Bug Reporting Tool and Tracking the Defects using JIRA.
Created functional automation scripts for the report generation module using tools Selenium WebDriver and TestNG.
Extensively used Page Objects design and page navigation framework for readable test script and easy maintenance from developer perspectives.
Designed and developed User defined functions, Generic functions with Selenium/WebDriver and Java programming.
Used Java as client library for Selenium WebDriver and developed Data Driven Framework using TestNG.
Developed Data Driven Framework using Selenium Web Driver to validate test case against different data set.
Used Apache POI to read data from external sources to feed locators into the test script.
Tested compatibility of application/site with Internet Explorer, Firefox and Safari
Used Jenkins as a Continuous Integration server to configure with GitHub and Maven.
Tested Web Service request and response XML's based web services interfaces using Postman and Rest API.
Performed backend testing to validate the data using SQL queries to the required test cases.
Involved in testing of application using the Scrum (Agile) methodology.
Environment: Java, Selenium WebDriver, Jenkins, IntelliJ, Eclipse, HTML, XML, XPath, Quality center, Internet Explorer, Chrome, Oracle and Windows.
EDUCATION
Caucasus University, Bachelor of Science in Computer Science
LANGUAGES
Fluent in English, Russian and Turkish
Contact this candidate