Veena K
Email ID:adwidp@r.postjobfree.com
Contact No:919-***-****
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY:
● Having5+ years of experience as a QA in testing Web & Client/Server applications and Web Services, API testing with Automation Testing tools and technics.
● Experience in working with different development environments such as Agile/Scrum&Waterfall.
● Involved in the Design and implementation of different Automation frameworks such as Hybrid Framework, Data Driven Framework, Keyword Driven Framework and Page Object Model (POM) for various projects.
● Expertise in Automation tools such as Selenium WebDriver, Selenium IDE/RC, Selenium Grid, Java, Jenkins (continuous integration), Maven (Build Management), Eclipse, Cucumber, TestNG (Regression tests) and JUnit.
● Extensive experience in JIRA,Selenium WebDriver, Maven, TestNG, Log4j, Rest API Testing (Postman and Rest Assured Automation), Soap API Testing (SoapUI Tool), Git, Database Testing using JDBC API and Jenkins.
● Effectively worked with Software development team in improving development and testing processes to efficiently deliver software and services which meets the quality, standards and customer expectations.
● Proficient in automating test cases wherever required using Selenium WebDriver in Java with the help of Maven, TestNG, log4j, Git, Jenkins.
● Hands on experience in Grouping of Test Cases, Test Methods and Test Suites for regression and functional testing using the TestNG annotations like Groups, Parameter, Data Provider and Listeners.
● Very good exposure of testing applications on wide range web applications on Telecom domain.
● Experienced in making Data Driven and keyword and hybrid Framework to maintain Test Suites.
● Experience in SOAP API manual testing using SOAP UI tool. Experience in POSTMAN tool for API testing for some scenarios.
● Experience in Rest Assured API automation testing wherever required.
● Expert level knowledge in all modules of Quality Center (Requirements, Test Plan, Test Lab, Dashboard and Defects).
● Extensive experience in designing Test Cases, Test Scenarios, Test Scripts and Test reports of manual and automated tests.
● Executed test cases and test scripts for manual and automation testing.
● Basic understanding of Behaviors Driven Development (BDD).
● Excellent communication, interpersonal and analytical skills and a highly motivated team player with the ability to work independently.
● Ability to learn and adapt quickly to the emerging new technologies and paradigms.
● Specialize in working with technical staff to create, interpret, and implement business requirements into technical specifications.
TECHNICAL SKILL SUMMARY:
QA Testing Tools Selenium RC/Grid/IDE/Webdriver, HP QC, QTP, Junit, JMeter, TestNG, Appium, JIRA, Cucumber, Postman, Soap UI, Jenkins, Git, Confluence Languages C, C++, Java, JavaScript, HTML5, XML, CSS3, PL/SQL, Shell Bug Tracking HP Quality Center, Bugzilla, Visual Studio TFS, JIRA Build / CI Tools Ant, Maven, Hudson, Jenkins, Cruise Control Version Systems Git, CVS, SVN
Database Oracle, DB2, MS Access, MY SQL
Operating System Windows, Mac, Unix, Linux
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:
Client: Chevron, Houston, TX Oct 2020 – PRESENT
Role: Automation Test Engineer
Responsibilities:
● The project was to modify the existing BSS and ensure that the Customer Payment Module functions as per the Requirement of processing payment and sending confirmation to customers.
● Analyzed Business Requirements Documents to get better understanding of the system both on technical and business perspectives.
● Analyze business requirements and FSD documents to create & execute test cases in ALM (QC).
● Worked with developers for complete overview of the issues, updates on application to meet the goals on time.
● Involved in design and implementation of Selenium WebDriver automation framework for smoke and regression test suites (TestNG and Maven).
● Setup the Automation framework using Selenium WebDriver to run test cases in multiple browsers and platforms.
● Developed custom libraries for automation using JAVA &Selenium WebDriver.
● Added many front-end automation tests and BDD steps using Cucumber specification framework, TestNG, Appium and Java which decreased 75% of manual testing.
● Created and executed automation test cases using Selenium WebDriver/Cucumber framework for Web App and Appium / Cucumber for Mobile App.
● Worked on the Android module of the project where I was responsible for automating the app using Appium with python.
● Executed manual and automated regression test cases after the bug fixes as per test scenarios.
● Created Java based scripts for Selenium WebDriver with TestNG as automation frame work.
● Developed automated tests in partnership with developers for continuous regression testing and reducing manual testing using Selenium, TestNG, and Maven.
● Involved in creation of automation framework in Selenium WebDriver using behavior driven approach like Cucumber. Extensively used Page Objects design and page navigation framework for readable test script and easy maintenance from developer perspectives.
● Tested compatibility of application for dynamic and static content under various cross browsers using HTML5 IDs and XPath in Selenium.
● Extensively used Selenium (data-driven, XPath locator) and WebDriver to test the web application.
● Created automation scripts in SoapUI using Groovy Script for web services testing.
● Used Selenium WebDriver using TestNG and Eclipse for automation in Hybrid model.
● Monitored the test execution in Jenkins once the code pushed into Continuous Integration.
● Performed web services testing with Postman by validating request and response for XML,JSON files.
● Involved in Defect Management, Defect Review and Defect Status Reporting.
● Performed Regression testing on new builds, every modification in the application using Selenium WebDriver.
● Use Firebug for the web-based application testing with selenium for the commands and locator application.
● Reported software defects in Quality Center and interacted with the developers to resolve technical issues.
● Analyzed test results, tracked the defects and generated reports using Quality Center/ALM.
● Interacted with other external teams for environment/license issues, external services availability and work towards resolution.
Environment: Java, Selenium WebDriver, HP Quality Center/ALM, Cucumber, Postman, SoapUI, Appium, TestNG, Eclipse, Jenkins, XML, GIT, Maven, Agile,SQL, Oracle, Windows. Client: Fortress Investment Group, New York, NY Jan 2019 – Oct 2020 Role: Automation Test Engineer
Responsibilities:
● Extensively involved in all stages of testing life cycle, Test Driven Development methodologies, Software Development Life cycle (SDLC) using Waterfall, Agile methodologies.
● Developed and implemented robust MVC pattern base testing with Selenium WebDriver which cut down the script development time in half.
● Designed and Developed Test Cases for automated testing using Selenium, TestNG and Eclipse IDE.
● Developed test code in Java language using Eclipse, IDE and TestNG framework.
● Created test cases, scripts based on functional specification, prepared test data for simultaneous and combined Trade testing.
● Developed Test cases manually and generated Automation Scripts using open-source tools like Selenium Web Driver, TestNG, SOAP UI, Maven and Jenkins.
● Worked on distributed test automation execution on different environment as part of Continuous Integration Process using Selenium Grid and Jenkins.
● Proficient in using Appium Emulators and IOS Simulators to test the application virtually.
● Performed Acceptance testing and UI functional testing using Perfecto with extension of Appium and Java as scripting language.
● Involved in Designing & Developing data driven framework using Selenium WebDriver, TestNG and implemented Java Mail to send the regression result automatically.
● Involved in validating the web services related to customer, account and transaction management using the Postman by sending HTTP requests and performing data validation.
● Created and enhanced numerous test scripts to handle changes in the objects, in the tested application’s GUI and in the testing, environment using Selenium WebDriver.
● Developed test automation scripts using Selenium WebDriver for regression and performance testing of the various releases of the application.
● Performed API testing using Postman and Soap UI.
● Worked on Selenium GUI Object / element verification is done through XPath, CSS3 Locators.
● Used TestNG Annotations in Selenium WebDriver and executed a batch of tests as TestNG suite.
● Created XML based test suit and integrated with Jenkins Server to execute automation scripts on a regular basis by scheduling Jenkins jobs in different test environments with different test configurations.
● Involved in acceptance testing using Cucumber and Selenium WebDriver.
● Validated web services using Groovy Scripts in Soap UI.
● Used Firebug to do web-based application testing with selenium for the commands and locator application.
● Used SOAP UI tool to test SOA based architecture application to test SOAP services and REST API.
● Involved in Web Services Testing using SOAP UI to create and execute automated functional, regression, compliance, and load tests.
● Involved in executing SQL queries and PL/SQL procedures, functions and packages for backend testing.
● Conducted backend testing using SQL queries to validate data for database.
● Used JIRA for bug tracking and reporting, also followed up with development team to verify bug fixes, and update bug status.
● Working closely with the Developers in the review and modification of the product and its specifications using Agile-testing methodology.
Environment: Java, JavaScript, Selenium WebDriver, Cucumber, Postman,SoapUI, TestNG, Maven, Jenkins, Eclipse, HTML5, XML, XPath, JIRA, Firebug, GIT, SQL, Oracle, Windows. Client: Fusion Holdings, Bountiful, UT Jun 2017 – Dec 2018 Role: QA Automation Engineer
Responsibilities:
● Reviewing and analyzing business requirements and technical specifications to come up with Testing Scope.
● Responsible for Manual, Automation using Selenium WebDriver, Scrum and System Testing of the application at various stages.
● Automated Web Application Testing using Java Selenium framework in an Agile environment.
● Created Selenium Test cases for automation using Selenium WebDriver and Java.
● Used Hybrid Framework of Selenium to get data from Excel.
● Created and executed automated tests for functional, and regression testing using Quick Test Professional.
● Created QTP scripts with reusable and external Actions and, called functions in Actions.
● Inserted various types of check points including text checkpoints, text area checkpoints and Image checkpoints.
● Escalation for unresolved bugs to the concerned developers and module leaders.
● Performed Smoke, System testing, system Integration Testing, User acceptance, Database & Regression testing.
● Prepared Test cases, procedures, Bug Tracking, Logging and reporting bugs using HP Quality center.
● Expert with Test documentation, such as Test Cases, Bug Reports, Use Cases etc.
● Designed various test Cases with different test conditions.
● Prepared and executed scenarios for the Regression testing on new builds.
● Performed Regression testing by executing the scripts developed with QTP.
● Conducted User Acceptance Test (UAT) with users and customers and wrote issues log based on outcome of UAT.
● Adopted Data Driven Methodology to the test application with different sets of data.
● Develop test cases on various types of credit card applications.
● Perform functional testing and regression testing on each field of credit card application pages.
● Involved in Database testing to verify data integrity tests.
● Extensively interacted with developers to analyze & resolve issues that were encountered while testing application.
Environment: Java, JavaScript, Selenium WebDriver, HP Quality Center, QTP, TestNG, Eclipse IDE, SoapUI, Restful, Maven, HTML5, Agile, SQL, Oracle, Windows.
Contact this candidate