adx12v@r.postjobfree.com
Mobile:91-821*******
Akshay s Bardapure
I am looking forward to work in an organization, which provides the environment for growth with competent and strong leaders in Manual and Automation Testing having an experience in Functional, Non-Functional, Globalization, UI Testing, and Automation Testing (Selenium Web driver with JAVA). I have an urge and inclination for learning new technologies, a strong work ethic combined with a commitment to excellence in all projects undertaken. Executive Summary
Minimum of 3.2 years of experience in Automation & Manual Testing.
Good knowledge on SDLC and STLC.
Knowledge on Run and Plugins for build / execution will be an added advantage.
Hands-on experience with system testing, monkey testing, ad-hoc testing, sanity testing, regression testing, retesting
Good Knowledge on testing principles, testing techniques, testing artifacts.
Derive write test cases, use cases from scenarios for the new feature additions in the product.
Anticipate, Identify, and collect test data related to test cases if needed.
Execute all the test case and define severity and priority for each defect.
Investigate product quality to make improvements to achieve better customer satisfaction.
Strong Experience of working in Agile (Scrum/Kanban) Environment and defect Life cycle Expertise in Sanity, Functional, and Regression Testing.
Expert in the preparation of test cases.
Experience in Agile Methodology.
Strong knowledge of software QA methodologies, tools and processes
Experience in writing clear, concise, and comprehensive test plans and test cases Assessing customer requirements and ensuring that these are met before Excellent knowledge of SDLC, testing life cycle.
Good knowledge of OOPS concepts, Collection framework, Arrays in JAVA.
Experience in Automation Test Framework Creation, Automation Coding, Automation Test Planning, Automation Test Execution, Automation Test Reporting, Data driven\keywork driven testing.
Having good understanding of using assertions and Annotations in TestNG framework.
Functional expertise on Eclipse - Java, TestNG, Maven and Web application automation
Experience in working with high velocity, fast paced Agile team.
Knowledge with Git / GitHub / TFS
Working experience on Java, Selenium, POM, TestNG, Maven, Web application automation, JIRA, Maven, Eclipse.
Role expects overall strong exp in Web Testing, DB test and API Test areas.
Good knowledge On Query, path parameters.
Experience of API/Webservices testing using Postman
Database Testing knowledge
Experience in Automation - Developing and redesigning automated test suits and selenium will be an advantage.
-Knowledge to exhibit a highly organized approach to work
-Knowledge on Product and Testing
lifecycle
Interpretation and modification of code as required including SQL scripts, queries.
Create detailed and comprehensive test plans and test cases on a thorough understanding of requirements specification and execute the same.
Execute functional based test cases and End to End testing of Web application testing from field devices.
Perform Exploratory testing and Sanity testing as per need basis.
Good communication and interpersonal skills.
Educational Qualification:
• B. Tech from belgaum university, Karnataka.
EMPLOYMENT HISTORY:
Designation : QA Test Engineer
Organization : value momentum software services
Duration : APRIL-2022 to till date
Current Project :
Project : AAIS (American Association of Insurance Services) Duration : JAN-2023 to till date
Domain : Insurance domain
Testing : MANUAL and API TESTING
Role : Software Test Engineer
Test Management Tool : ADO TOOL
Description:
This is a multi-tenant subscription-based Insurance Quoting Application built based on the AAIS (American Association of Insurance Services) product models, rules, forms and rating for all the states in the USA.By using the Biz-Dynamics existing product framework components, this quoting application is built in a record time. It covers the 2 LOBs, Commercial Output Program (COP) and Inland Marine (IM). Different risk classes is divided under IM i.e., Builder's Risk(BR), Motor Truck Cargo(MTC), Contractor’s Equipment(CE), Rigger's, Schedule Property Floater(SPF), Installation Floater(IF), Electronic Data Processing(EDP), and Warehouse Legal Liability(WLL) This helps all the current customers who are using the AAIS Quoting Application to shift into our newly build online subscription based services. Testing: Validations of the Term premium/Annual premium, Forms, Quote Proposal Letter, Rating worksheet, application flows, coverages, Account screen, Risks, User creation, LCM Previous Project:
Project : SNB product
Duration : july-2022 dec 2022
Domain : BANKING DOMAIN
Testing : MANUAL and API TESTING
Role : Software Test Engineer
Test Management Tool : JIRA TOOL
Description:
For two significant portals. We developed the solution in accordance with SNB bank standards (b2c and b2b). to construct s new platform for fintech partners. Utilizing Agile approach, we have developed platform portal and operation portals. Platform banking is a digital marketplace operated through portals and owned by a bank or non-bank entity to provide banking and non-banking services.
Operating System : Windows
Family and UNIX
Testing Process : Manual &
Automation Testing Programming
Language : Java, SQL and
UNIX.
Test Management Tool : JIRA tool
RDBMS : Oracle 11g
EMPLOYMENT HISTORY:
Designation : QA Test Engineer
Organization : KPIT Technologies
Duration : Feb-2020 TO APRIL-2022
SKILL PROFILE:
Operating System : Windows Family and
UNIX Testing Process : Manual & Automation
Testing Programming Language : Java, SQL
and UNIX.
Test Management Tool : JIRA
RDBMS : Oracle 11g
Client : Credinvest, Switzerland
Duration : JULY-2021-T0 FEB 2O21
Domain : Finance
Role : Software Test Engineer
Description:
Credinvest’s Institutional client’s access to: Cutting edge trading technology. Access to global financial markets. Fast & accurate execution. Easy access to liquidity to operate any asset classes. Bookkeeping and liquidity management tools. Dedicated account manager. Credinvest Bank in addition offers brokerage services via its trading desk for all asset classes and it can settle these products directly with your custodian bank.
Also, it offers a vast array of trading platforms to its Institutional Clients to facilitate. their access to the financial markets.
Responsibilities:
Proactive and timely communication with client and management.
Work collaboratively with testers, developers, and stakeholders.
Effective follow up for Defects, Backlog Task etc till closure.
Manage deadlines or unexpected changes in expectations or requirements.
Create Understanding documents, Detailed or High-level Test case scenario documents, Minutes of Meetings, and other documents to support or QA Operations.
Create and Execute Test plan to ensure Software product design specification as per Standards.
Constant involvement with dev team to improve product quality. Previous Project
Analysing & validating the completeness of business requirements.
Generating the Test scenarios and Test cases.
Test Case Designing, Creation, Test Script development in scripting language, Test Execution and Test reviews.
Manage the test labs and running daily automation scripts.
Execute all the test case and report defects, define severity and priority for each defect.
Investigate quality to make improvements to achieve better customer satisfaction.
Involved in the data validation for Billing system.
Understand the Business and Functional requirements to identify Test Scenarios.
Analysing & validating the completeness of business requirements.
Created and executed the test cases for various scenarios, and participated actively in Functional Testing, validation testing, Usability testing, Compatibility testing, Retesting, Regression testing.
Assessing customer requirements and ensuring that these are met before the release.
Execute functional based test cases and End to End testing of Web application testing from field devices.
Derive write test cases, use cases from scenarios for the new feature additions in the product.

Personal Details:
Date of Birth 11th Dec1997
Current Address Bhalki,bidar pincode-585328
Nationality Indian
Gender Male
DECLARATION:
I hereby confirm that the facts stated in this application are true to the best of my knowledge. Name of the candidate:
Akshay Bardapure Place: Bangalore.
Contact this candidate