SUMEDH FALKE
TEST ENGINER
adx8ai@r.postjobfree.com 779-***-**** Pune, Maharastra. 06/04/1997 Indian
https://www.linkedin.com/in/sumedh-falke-666a66261 Summary
A proactive learner with a flair for adopting emerging trends and addressing industry requirements to achieve organizational objectives.
Education
Bachelor of Engineering,
Bapurao Deshmukh College of Engineering
07/2015 – 06/2019 Wardha, India
HSC, Ira International School 2014 – 06/2015 Nagpur, India SSC, School Of Scholars 2012 – 06/2013 Wardha, India Skills
Selenium WebDriver, Core Java, Maven, Jira, TestNG, POI API, POM, GIT, GITHUB, Jenkins, BDD, Cucumber, Postman,My Sql.
Professional Experience
Test Engineer, NeoSoft Systems And Cloud Services
Around 4 years of professional IT experience in Automation and Functional testing. Experience in Automating Web Application using Selenium WebDriver. Designed various automation framework during test automation like hybrid, Keyword driven and data driven. Experience in working in various Domains like E-Commerce and E-Learning Domain. Experience in Core Java Programming Language.
Experience in working with AGILE development methodologies. Involved in various STLC stages including Test Planning, Test analysis/Test Estimation, Test Execution, Defect management and Test reporting.
Involved in Functional, Sanity, Smoke and Regression, using Black box Testing Technique. Having knowledge of API Testing .
Projects
E-Commerce, This project is used for online shopping for men and women clothing, shoes and Beauty products and accessories. Objective of this application is to make it interactive and its ease of use. It would make Searching, viewing and selection of a product easier. Search for products specific to their needs. The user can then view the complete specification of each product. They can also view the product reviews and also write their own reviews. User can add their product into cart and buy the product online. Role and Responsibilities :
Analyzing the business requirement documents.
Writing new sets of test cases as per user story assigned and reviewing the test cases written. Logging the defect in Jira, if valid, followed by retesting and Regression testing. Gathering and analyzing the test data and test cases for Automation suite . Creating automated regression suite for complete coverage of the application, using Selenium WebDriver with hybrid framework.
Once the build is stable Debugging, Running Tests and Analyzing Test Reports. Preparing test Automation handover documents.
Identifying regression scripts which are automatable. Involved in all Agile Ceremonies :Sprint Planning, Daily Scrum, Sprint Review Meetings and Sprint Retrospective Meetings.
Test Execution and Defect Management.
E-Learning, This is a Web based application for online e-learning over the internet. The objective of the project is to bring education, training and earn money by uploading videos and text data related to e-learning. This is platform which student trainer and Admin can use it. Admin can access all the feature because he is paid person. Authentication trainer can post his educational material like different technology, tutorials, videos, post. For student who wants to use this study material needs to register on this site. And to use those study material, he has to pay amount to get access of those material. For payment process he can pay the money through PayPal, Paytm. After that he can make use of study material. By this student can learn online. Role and Responsibilities :
Worked as manual tester. Work closely with team to understand the requirements. Rigorously performed Regression and smoke testing during this project. Performed functional, integration, system testing of application manually. Written the test cases for the same
Participated in test case Review and test case execution. Reporting to defect.
Languages
English
Hindi
Marathi
Declaration
I hereby declare that the above written particulars are true to the best of my knowledge and belief.
Contact this candidate