RESUME
Name :- Akshay Malwadkar
Contact :- 841*******.
Email :- adxyld@r.postjobfree.com.
Seeking professional enrichment opportunities in Manual and Automation Testing. PROFESSIONAL SNAPSHOT
An astute professional with 3+ Years of functional experience in Black Box (Manual Testing) that includes Functional, Non Functional, Globalization, UI Testing, API Testing, Web service Testing and Automation Testing (Selenium WebDriver with JAVA) with reputed organization.
Currently designated as “Automation test Engineer” in Subtle Solution Pune.
Work Experience on Automation
Extensive experience of creating POM (with Page Factory) and Test classes and Test Suite for the framework by using Maven Project.
Have good understanding of Data Driven and Hybrid framework.
Extensively used TestNG framework for the development of the Test classes.
Experienced of assertions, Keywords and Annotations in TestNG framework.
Good understanding of Object Repository.
Experience of developing, creating and maintaining automated test scripts & Reports.
Experience in executing the test scripts in parallel for IE, Firefox and Chrome as a part of Cross browser testing.
Knowledge of handling Iframes, Popups and List Box using Action Class & Select Class.
Identify the test cases from Regression suite to automate
Doing Peer Review and QA for scripts developed by team mates as per the standards followed in the project.
Also have good understanding of Github for the repository management and Jenkins for continuous Integration.
Proficient in Core JAVA Programming.
Knowledge Postman tool for API testing.
Worked on Selenium WebDriver version 4.9.1 for automating test cases in various functional Modules.
Knowledge of handling Screenshot, Parameterization, Scrolling & Waits in selenium.
Good experience of OOPS concepts, Collection framework, Arrays and String Class in JAVA.
Basic knowledge of Mobile app testing in both manual & Automation using Appium..
Work Experience on Manual Testing
Good Knowledge of Testing Methodology and Agile Model process in the project.
Good knowledge of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) and Software Testing Life Cycle (STLC).
Involve in Test Case Design, Test Case Review, Test case Execution, Defect tracking and reporting.
Good in Test Execution Process, Defect Life Cycle, and Test Plan.
Have performed functional testing, non-functional testing, UAT, ad-hoc testing, sanity testing, Retesting and regression testing.
Knowledge of Defect management tool i.e. JIRA.
Detecting bugs & classifying them based on severity, priority.
Familiar with different type of Environment such as SIT and UAT
Proficient in writing Test cases by using test case design technique.
Experience in QA Processes, software lifecycle, testing methodology, test automation, defect tracking & test estimation.
Prepared mapping sheet of SRS and test case (Tractability Metrics). SKILL SUMMARY
ACADEMIC
Bachelors of Engineering from Savitribai Phule Pune University First class with Distinction in 2019. OCCUPATIONAL CONTOUR
May 2020 to till today with Subtle Solution, Pune as “Software Test Engineer” PROJECT DETAILS
Project # 1
Project Care Cloud software
Domain Helth Care
Client Care Cloud, USA
PERSONAL MINUTAE
Date of Birth 31 Aug 1995
Nationality Indian
Gender Male
Marital Status Single/Unmarried
Languages Known English, Hindi, Marathi.
Address At- Hadapsar, Pune, Maharashtra.
I hereby declare that all the information provided by me in this application is factual and correct to the best of my knowledge and belief.
Place :-
Date :-
Akshay Malwadkar.
Skills Automation Testing, Test case design, Review & Execution. Manual Testing, Regression testing, Black Box testing, and System testing, User acceptance testing. Have Knowledge of Selenium WebDriver and can write Java automation scripts.
Languages SQL, Core java.
OS Platform Windows and Linux.
Tools JIRA.
Database Oracle 10g.
Contact this candidate