R Lokesh Kumar
ady4nw@r.postjobfree.com
829-***-****
Page 1 of 3
Synopsis: Having nearly 3.7 years of experience in Software Testing. Expertise in automation testing using Selenium with Java. This includes preparation of test cases, test logs and test summary report. Performed GUI, Functional testing, System testing and User Acceptance testing. EXPERIENCE SUMMARY
Extensive experience in Selenium (Java) Automation,Manual, IntelliJ, Black box testing, Smoke, Regression.
Executed test scripts on Firefox, IE & Chrome Browsers.
Well, acquainted with SDLC and STLC Methodologies.
Hands on experience in designing automation Test cases on basis of priority.
Good at writing X-path for dynamic Web Element.
Experience with tools like Maven (Build Tool).
Experience on reporting and tracking defects using HP ALM.
Performed the Requirements Analysis and identified static defects.
Experience in preparing Test Strategy, Test plan and Estimates.
Hands on experience in preparing Test scenarios, Test cases.
Preparation and execution and maintenance of Automation test scripts using Data Driven framework, and Cucumber (BDD).
Basic knowledge on SQL Queries & API testing (Postman). QUALIFICATION
Degree
Institute Year
Bachelor of Technology
Vemu Institute of Technology, JNTU
2017
Areas of Experience
Domain
Banking, Finance,
Insurance,
E commerce.
Tools
Selenium Java
Jenkins Ci/Cd
Cucumber
FRAMEWORK
POM (Data Driven)
BDD (Cucumber)
TestNG
Operating Systems
Windows
Testing Management
Tool/Defect Tracking
Tools
JIRA
Version Control
SVN, Git Lab
R Lokesh Kumar
ady4nw@r.postjobfree.com
829-***-****
Page 2 of 3
CURRENT WORK EXPERIENCE
Worked with Green Techno Soft (INDIA) Pvt. Ltd. From November 2018 – May 2022. Description: “PRUDENTIAL” is an application developed in order to registering the offline customers into Online Customers and provides services. It is used by the customer to view and change his personal details and details of his policies (Including valuation of his policies) he holds with prudential. Customer is able to request a change to the details he sees on his online portal and he able to use help section to resolve his questions he has about his policies. Customer is able to send an electronic message instead of needing to dial into a contact center. All details about the customer are maintained by Agent.
Roles and Responsibilities:
Understanding and Analyzing the Application Under Test in terms of Object Identification.
Creating Test scenarios and Collecting Test Data.
Identifying end-to-end scenarios and code modularity.
Implementing JUnit or TestNG Test Automation framework and developing automation infrastructure.
Creating reusable components.
Creating and enhancing Test Cases (Test Scripts) using Element locators, WebDriver methods, Java programming concepts, and TestNG Annotations.
Error Handling, Adding comments.
Creating Data-driven Tests and Running through the framework.
Cross Browser Testing
Analyzing Test Results and Reporting Defects.
Tracking Defects and Select Test cases for Retesting & Regression Testing.
Modifying Test Automation Resources and Maintenance of Resources
Various deliverables like Friday Delivery Report, Weekly Status Report to clients.
Provide Execution summary to clients in execution phase.
Providing Effort Estimation to stake holders.
Project Name Prudential
Role Automation Test Engineer
Tools Selenium, JIRA
Duration June 2020 – May 2022
R Lokesh Kumar
ady4nw@r.postjobfree.com
829-***-****
Page 3 of 3
Description: The objective of this project is to onboard the clients by verifying the risk level with details provided by client, which has various levels of approvals to onboard the client. In this application user creates new request based on activity and location of the client and provides type of entity based on availability of the client. Based on the activity and location workflow of the request changes according to it. Once the client gets all the approvals from MAOS request sent to CRDS were it gets final approval based on checks of risk level and contact details. Roles & Responsibilities:
Understanding the client requirements by studying functional requirement document.
Assisted in setting up the test environment for automation.
Involved in Prepare automation scripts in Selenium Web Driver using Cucumber framework.
Defect reporting and Analysing Result.
Developing methods for repeating steps.
Debugging & fixing the failures from the Jenkins nightly run.
Peer to Peer code review which happens every week. Project Name MAOS
Role System Analyst
Tools Selenium, JIRA
Duration Jan 2019 – Mar 2020
Contact this candidate