Dipali Yuvraj Bamanikar Automation Test Engineer Contact No : +91-814*******
E-mail : adyar2@r.postjobfree.com

I A professional Software Test Engineer having 3+ years of work experience in software industry in Manual and Automation Testing using functional testing, Non-Functional Testing, Regression Testing, Database Testing, Globalization Testing, API Testing, Web services Testing using SOUP UI and POSTMAN and Automation Testing with Selenium experience in writing Automation scripts by using java.

Professional Summary
A professional with 3 years 1 months of experience in Software Testing that includes experience Manual and Automation Testing, API Testing, Database Testing.
Proven work experience in software quality assurance.
Actively involved in System Integration Testing (SIT).
Have performed functional testing, system testing, system integration testing, adhoc testing, sanity testing, regression testing
Good experience in analyzing the User stories in Sprint Backlog.
Very Good understanding of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC). Good knowledge in Software Testing Life Cycle (STLC).
Implemented Agile Methodology process in the project. Performed Black box Testing.
Solid knowledge of SQL and scripting.
Participate in scrum meeting to discuss about project progress report every day. Experience in preparation of Test cases and executing the same.
Also involved in Test plan preparation.
Knowledge in Test design techniques like Equivalence Class Partitioning and Boundary value analysis.
Expertise in Defect Life Cycle / Bug Life Cycle.
Good understanding of POSTMAN & SOAPUI in API Testing.
Performed Automation testing using Selenium on Web based (Browser) application. Experience in writing and executing SQL Query to perform database testing using DDL and DML commands.
Experience in Selenium Web Driver using JAVA Language. Experience in writing xpath for Dynamic Object.
Good understanding in JAVA, OOPs Concept, Collection and String.
Knowledge of handling Popups, List Box, Iframe and Window.
Familiar with use of MAVEN .
Expertise in TestNG, Annotations, Listeners and keywords in automation.

Good understanding of Continuous Integration tool such as Jenkins and Repository management tool like GITHUB.
Experience with TestNG Annotation,Batch Execution, Grouping and Parallel execution.
Experience on Selenium Web Driver, creating Scripts in selenium.
Experience in working on Page Object Model Design pattern with Data Driven framework.
Experience in working on Framework Components(Generic library, page Object Repository ).
Expertise in bug tracking process using bug tracking tool JIRA. Executed test scripts on IE, Firefox and chrome browser.
Good communication, collaboration with proficiency at grasping new technical concepts quickly and utilize the same in a productive manner.

Work Experience
Working as Automation Test Engineer at Capgemini

Academic Qualification
Bachelor of Computer Science from Shivaji University,Kolhapur.

Automation Tool : Selenium WebDriver, Eclipse IDE
Apache POI
Language : Java, SQL, Unix
Framework : Data Driven Framework, TestNG
Project Management Software : Maven
Test Management tool: : Jira

Operating systems : MS Windows family and Linux

Projects Handled

Project #1
Project Title
Stock Accounting
client
USA

Roles and Responsibilities:
Understand the customer requirement by analyzing SRS document
Reviewing user stories/use cases. Involved in designing the Test Case.

Participated in the Test case review meetings. Responsible for Sanity testing.
Performed Functionality Testing, Retesting and Regression Testing. SQL Query to perform database testing.
Interact with developers and discussed technical problems, Bugs Tracking. Reporting the Regular status to the higher authorities in a timely manner.
Define and create high quality manual test cases and automated test scripts using Java.
Performed Functionality Testing, Retesting, Regression Testing, and marking the status in the defect management tool JIRA.
Performed automation testing by using Selenium web driver.
Designing the POM Classes and Test Classes as per the requirement of the framework. Experience in Build Management Tool which is Maven for the Data Driven Framework.
Worked on Repository management tool like GitHub and CI tool like Jenkins. Involved in test reports.

Project #2
Project
MedicsPremier
client
Austrelia

Roles and Responsibilities:
Understand the customer requirement by analyzing SRS document
Reviewing user stories/use cases. Involved in designing the Test Case.
Participated in the Test case review meetings. Responsible for Sanity testing.
Performed Functionality Testing, Retesting and Regression Testing. SQL Query to perform database testing.
Interact with developers and discussed technical problems, Bugs Tracking. Reporting the Regular status to the higher authorities in a timely manner.
Define and create high quality manual test cases and automated test scripts using Java. Performed Functionality Testing, Retesting, Regression Testing, and marking the status in the defect management tool JIRA.
Performed automation testing by using Selenium web driver.
Designing the POM Classes and Test Classes as per the requirement of the framework. Experience in Build Management Tool which is Maven for the Data Driven Framework.
Worked on Repository management tool like GitHub and CI tool like Jenkins. . Involved in test reports.

Personal Details
Date of Birth : 27/11/1989 Current Address :Pune,maharashtra. Language : English, Hindi, Marathi
Marital Status :Married

Declaration:
I hereby assure that the above provided information is true up to best of my knowdge and I bear responsibility for its correctness.

(Dipali Bamanikar)
Contact this candidate