Kontakt
Vladimirská ****, ***** Česká Lípa
*****3888 (Mobile)
adyc0u@r.postjobfree.com
www.linkedin.com/in/padamcz
(LinkedIn)
Nejčastější dovednosti
Postman
newman
JavaScript
Languages
Ruština (Professional Working)
čeština (Native or Bilingual)
Angličtina (Professional Working)
Pavel ADAM
TestAutomation - budoucnost testovani
Hlavní město Praha, Česko
Souhrn
Able senior Test Automation Engineer/S.D.E.T. with passion for Linux with overlap to DevOps, which is also qualified to test and analyze micro-management of the QA area.
Experienced in both Linux systems management, configuration management and deployment of applications and in the area of manual and automated testing (I prefer the cypress.io
/ RobotFramework [FE] & Postman [API] ).
Experience in creating test analysis, test plan, resource planning, creating large-scale structure of test cases (Test Cases), procedures, test data preparation and management of a smaller test team.
Experience with PostgreSQL, Oracle-DB and MariaDB/MySQL as part of data acquisition
and subsequent control changes made to the data during execution. Extensive experience in testing web based applications and intranets
(manual and automated).
Also experience in mobile technology, warehouse management and accounting,
systems, including computer-controlled warehouses and barcode systems.
Pracovní zkušenosti
PVZP
Senior Quality Assurance Automation Engineer
května 2022 - Present (9 měsíců)
Hlavní město Praha, Česko
cypress.io, Postman, test-automation, test-architection, test-design, docker, linux, bash, cypress-dashboard, JIRA, Confluence
Page 1 of 6
Sberbank CZ
QA/TestAutomation
května 2021 - března 2022 (11 měsíců)
Brno/Praha
cypress.io, nodeJS, ELK, SoapUI, Postman, Groovy, BASH, Linux, Windows- Server, test-automation-infra (IaC, docker, ansible, ... ), Confluence, Jira, Xray. ComSource s.r.o.
SyStem/DevOps Engineer
ledna 2021 - března 2021 (3 měsíce)
Hlavní město Praha, Česko
k8s/rke, docker, libvirt, ovs, open-nebula, zabbix Vodafone
Senior Test Automation Engineer / DevOps Engineer
listopadu 2019 - listopadu 2020 (1 rok 1 měsíc)
Prague
QA/Test automation - design, consulting, trainee (Java, cucumber-jvm, Jenkins,)
Java/JVM, cucumber-jvm , Groovy , Jenkins-pipelines , Ansible, Docker , Selenium, BASH, PYthon
Tesena
S.D.E.T. / Senior Test Engineer
listopadu 2018 - října 2019 (1 rok)
Hlavní město Praha, Česká republika
Creative Dock
Senior QA / Test automation Engineer
března 2018 - listopadu 2018 (9 měsíců)
Hlavní město Praha, Česká republika
QA manager / QA Analyst / Test automation Engineer Komerční banka
Senior Test Automation Engineer / QA Specialist
února 2017 - února 2018 (1 rok 1 měsíc)
Hlavní město Praha, Česká republika
Pathfinder is internal system of bank to completely manage business cases that supports dynamic modeling of offered products via product catalog. It is technical advanced solution composed by microservices managed by Docker/Kubernetes ecosystem.
Page 2 of 6
Responsibilities included:
Development of the automation of tests, Test Analyze, jobs on Jenkins
(CI/CD), execution of the tests suites, participate on methodology for QA.
● design and development of the test automation for multiple modules of PathFinder (Task queue, Case storage, History/Comments & Case handling), cooperation with Operations, smoke-test/health checks, test documentation, test reporting, methodology
● Tools and products used : SoapUI-Pro (ReadyAPI), ELK, Jenkins-CI, JIRA, Confluence, PostgreSQL, Oracle-DB, HP-ALM, Docker, Kubernetes, Grafana, Linux, MS-Office
● Technologies : Groovy, SOAP, REST, CLI, ELK(Elastic, Kibana, Logstash), PostgreSQL, Oracle, BASH
Česká telekomunikační infrastruktura
1 rok 2 měsíce
SL2/3 - NIP (integration platform)
listopadu 2015 - listopadu 2016 (1 rok 1 měsíc)
Olšanská, Praha
- Support of Linux servers
- Support of Java applications on the cloud form
- Searching, getting context & verification of data in log files
- SOAP, XML, integration on Linux (based on opensource) - configuration management of services, configuration of JBOSS parameters & deployment
- JBOSS : CLI
- cooperation with other departments & customers
QA Analyst
října 2015 - listopadu 2015 (2 měsíce)
QA Analyze on Clooney.
ARBES Technologies s.r.o.
DevOps Engineer / DevOps manager
února 2015 - července 2015 (6 měsíců)
Praha 5
DevOps management, Release management, Deployment management, Polarion Software
QA Engineer, Automation tests specialist
dubna 2012 - srpna 2014 (2 roky 5 měsíců)
Hlavní město Praha, Česká republika
Page 3 of 6
● Design and assessment tools for automated testing (Selenium, Test Complete, ...)
● Implementation, configuration and follow-up support tool Selenium, Selenium and TestNG GRID
● Consultation in the field of automation and practical use testing tools
● Test execution, bug-management and task management / issue tracking
● VMware, Linux, JAVA
● Management & maintenance of machines with Linux
● IT support for QA/DEV
maintenance VM
maintenance of network
maintenance of VMware & PROXMOX virtual hypervizors
● Reporting
LMC
Test manager, Test analyst, senior tester, Consultancy for QA area září 2010 - dubna 2012 (1 rok 8 měsíců)
● Design and implementation of Data Driven tests with the help of TestComplete tool (SmartBear) with combination of database PostgreSQL & SVN
● Design and assessment tools for testing in cooperation with the methodology
SCRUM“ (Selenium, TestComplete )
● JIRA, WIKI (JIWI & JQL language)
● Consultations in test design and practical use testing tools
● Test execution, bug management and task management / issue tracking
● Test Reporting, reporting on the progress of IAT (Internal acceptance tests)
● Functional testing and acceptance, smoke (for checking supplied version) and regression
DERS, s. r. o.
Test manager, Test analyst
listopadu 2008 - září 2009 (11 měsíců)
Okres Praha-východ, Česká republika
● Design and treatment guidelines for testing and integration testing team to a company
● Draft standards and establishment of test criteria for release products
(functionality, UX, usability, UI )
● JIRA, WIKI (JIWI & JQL language)
● Test Analayse in EA (Enterprise Architect) & other Test documentation
● Test execution, bug management & task management in JIRA Page 4 of 6
● Test Reporting & reports about progress of IAT (internal acceptance testing)
● Functional testing, acceptance testing, regression testing & smoke testing SITRONICS IT
Software Tester/Tester-Team Leader, Tester senior/Trouble Shooter 2008 - 2009 (1 rok)
Hlavní město Praha, Česká republika
Software Tester/Tester-Team Leader
● Tester senior/Trouble Shooter
Česká pošta
Specialist for processing of requirements (Dept. of process support SAP-HR)
srpna 2008 - listopadu 2008 (4 měsíce)
Hlavní město Praha, Česká republika
Development, testing and documentation of module for communication with SAP R / 4 (HR module) in VisualBasic (VBA) language Vigour a.s.
Tester architect/Test manager
2007 - 2008 (1 rok)
O2 : Fix-mobile VPN
ARBES Technologies s.r.o.
Software tester
2003 - 2005 (2 roky)
Testing
D.H.S.- Data, Hardware, Software
SW specialista, HelpDesk Administrator
2002 - 2005 (3 roky)
Vzdělání
Soukromá obchodně-podnikatelská a manažerská akademie, s.r.o. Certified Programmer C / SQL, Database programmer · (1999 - 2001) Střední průmyslová škola stavební
Structural Engineering · (1992 - 1996)
Page 5 of 6
Page 6 of 6
Contact this candidate