(***) *** - ****
Ashburn, VA
KAL****@gmail
I am seeking a career position where I can leverage my unique experience in software development and application testing while acquiring new knowledge, skills and experience in new fields and industries. Result oriented and client-driven IT Engineer with more than 20 years of experience in software quality assurance, software development, and project management. Ability to design and build feature-driven and user-friendly testing tools and frameworks. A talent to automate most processes to increase productivity and efficiency while maintaining high quality.
Natural eye for software defects.
Understanding the Agile Software Life Cycle.
Ability to find alternatives for solving problems.
Ability to think in a process format.
Requirements gathering and documenting.
Ability to write clear and precise documentations.
Excellent client service and technical support.
Excellent written and verbal communication.
Manage team members to work effectively and perform efficiently.
Vast ability to troubleshoot issues and negotiate solutions.
Detailed-oriented and analytical skill for understanding complicated ideas.
Quick learner of new technologies and excellent adopter of new technical environment.
Ability to handle multiple tasks simultaneously with confidence.
Work independently with little or no supervision and high inquisitive attitude.
Engage closely with other departments to prioritize client deliveries of business values.
Technology-first mentality and drive for innovation. Objective
Background
Competencies
Soft Skills
Software testing: Unit, functional, regression, UI, API, system, data, integration and UAT testing. 25 Software development life cycle 25 Software Quality Assurance Engineering 25 Software test automation 15 Linux 11
Visual Basic 9 Jira/Confluence 8
Python / Python 3 7 JSON/XML 7
SQL 6 GIT/GitHub/Bitbucket/SourceTree/PVCS 6
SSH/Putty 5 SoupUI 5
C# / ASP.net 4 ALM/QTP/UFT 5
Jenkins /TeamCity / CI/CD 4 Java/JSP 4
Scripting Languages: VBA, JavaScript, Perl 3 REST API 3 AWS cloud services 2 ServiceNow 2
NodeJS 2 NoSQL: Couchbase / MangoDB 1
Feb2023 –
Sep2023 ESource Inc., Boulder, CO
Lead Software Automation Engineer Remote H
Led a small team of automation engineer in designing, architecting, and developing functional test framework.
Created business-driven UI test scenario.
Track day-to-day accomplishments and repot them to the dicrector of enovation.
Troubleshoot and Resolve system issues.
Perform code-reviews and code brainstorming sessions.
Develop static and dynamic data-driven test cases.
Assist and mentor on understanding utilities-based business processes. Nov2018 –
Jan2023 Freddie Mac McLean, VA
Lead Application Engineer Hybrid
Manage daily tasks of an agile team of engineers.
Run scrum events including daily standups, sprint planning and retrospective meetings.
Resolve team conflicts while inspiring, encouraging, and mentoring team engineers.
Assist team members in removing work impediments.
Function as the liaison between the business team and the engineering team to facilitate understandings and agreements.
Determine and meet time estimates and schedules for testing efforts.
Create design documents based on business requirements and product proposals.
Perform product design reviews and code reviews.
Create comprehensive test plan document that focuses on product features test coverage.
Develop product unit tests, test automation framework and test automation scripts. Technical Skills Years
Career Experience
Mar2017 –
Nov2018 Greensmith Energy (Wartsila) Herndon, VA
Senior Test Automation Engineer On-Site
Perform unit, regression, functional and system testing.
Create automation test cases based on functional requirements and specification.
Develop python automation to test Greensmith commands and unique operations based on project business requirements.
Create Jenkins jobs to run test automation and test VMS as a target of GEMS builds.
Test internal development tools like SiteBuilder and ScadaBuilder that support the development of business solutions.
Troubleshoot GEMS for build issues and automation errors.
Created Jira tickets for automation and manual bugs.
Produced wiki articles for documenting testing processes, business logic, system issues, software defects and lessons learned.
Apr2013 –
Feb2017 Gannet Inc., McLean, VA
Lead Test Automation Engineer On-Site
Develop API test automation framework and tests for backend services.
Lead and mentor QA team members.
Manage team members and assist in resolving work related issues.
Coordinate QA resources to provide complete QA services.
Configure continuous-integration servers to run integration automation tests.
Perform peer code reviews before merging.
Track the delivery of tested APIs to the native apps teams.
Create Jira tasks or bugs ticket to track responsibilities and software issues.
Run daily scrum meetings to discuss individual tasks and the overall goals.
Establish and improve QA and automation processes.
Enforce QA and automation best practices to perform unit, system, functional and regression testing.
Present QA teams in all aspects of product release and continuous integration process. Feb2009 –
Jan2013 Agilex Inc., @ US Customer and Border Petrol Chantily, VA Lead Automation Test Engineer On-Customer Site
Managed a team of test engineers’ day-to-day tasks and progress.
Coordinate automation effort by developing and implementing automation standards and practices.
Coordinated automation development effort between Agilex automation engineers and CBP scrum teams.
Assisted and mentored CBP and Agilex engineers on the agile methodology.
Reviewed and managed automation cases development.
Participated in daily scrum meeting, sprint planning meeting, retrospective meeting, and weekly automation meeting.
Created test automation scripts from manual test cases using QTP suite to execute regression tests.
Developed automation scripts for unit testing, validate UI data against backend data sources like a database and API responses.
May2005 –
Jan2009 Microsoft Coorporation Redmond, WA
Senior Software Design Engineer in Test On-Site
Developed UI automated test scenarios for testing windows mobile 7.0 device update functionality.
Generated an abstraction layer that exposes UI controls.
Create an arealibrary that hold methods to interface with the generated abstraction layer.
Created unit automated test cases using windows mobile 7.0 test suit framework.
Used device automation toolkit (datk) which is a C# library of classes that mirror controls on mobile devices.
Enhanced existing asp.net test tools for broader features and greater test coverage.
Designed and built web asp.net test tools to assist development and test teams in creating image updates for installation on tethered devices.
Created test plans for a widely used web application that creates image updates and satellite updates.
Apr1998 –
Apr2005 FileNET Coorporation Kirkland, WA
Senior Software Test Engineer On-Site
Participated in designing and implementing an integrated java test harness utility to run a suite of tests.
Created java utilities to increase team’s productivity and efficiency.
Created a class application to act as a decision making as a part of the test application.
Wrote JSP files to test FileNet API application on a web server.
Performed testing on developer’s guide and documentations.
Created a test case matrix documentation used by the rest of the testing team.
Participated in configuring test web-servers’ systems.
Provided support for customers who are using FileNet’s API locally.
Used PVCS to check in and version test codes.
Developed VB test tools for testing FileNet com objects.
Developed VB UI test tool for testing FileNet UI controls.
Developed VB unite tests on FileNet com objects performance.
Created VB application to aid other tester team to automate many manual processes.
Maintained certification VB application like smoke test & certification suit.
Wrote test matrices and test plans.
Performed manual testing on the integrated features with other software.
Reviewed and corrected FileNet online help files.
Reported found software bugs and verified fixed ones. Jan1994 –
Aug1998 California State BAR Association Los Angeles, CA Internal Customer Support On-Site
Provide technical support to internal clients.
Assist with system and network troubleshooting.
Execute system and software updates.
Install office equipment.
Mar1993 –
Dec1997 California State University Long Beach, CA Bachelor of Science, Computer Engineering Technology GPA: 3.12 Sep2019 –
Dec2023 University of Maryland, Global Campus Largo, MD Master of Science, Software Engineering GPA: 4.00
2012
Scrum Alliance
Certified Scrum Master
2018
ISQI
ISTQB CTFL
2020
AXELOS
ITIL Foundation Edition 4
2021
Python Institution
Certified Associate in Python Programming
2022
AWS
AWS Cloud Practitioner Certification
Graphic Design Photography
Teaching & Training Counseling & Mentoring
Volunteer Work Bicycling
Formal Education
Professional Certification
Interests
Contact this candidate