Work Experience
Orange innovation Egypt
Introduction to Java
****/** – present
Introduction to robot framework
Introduction to Gitlab
Selenium with Java
Postman
Jmeter
Internship Orange Innovation Egypt
Studying ISTQB FL syllabus
Review Business Customer specification for the system and add missing business flows.
Evaluate functional requirements and use-cases to create functional test cases.
Introduction to Python
Education
Bachelor Degree in Business English and Information System Misr University for Science and Technology
•GPA: 2.90 (Very Good)
2016 – 2020
Professional Experience
Main Tester in Amer Group Mobile Application
•This Application targets two types of people: the User and the Vendor, and will help the user to manage the Amer Point, and latest Offers and Find all Amer Group Branches.
•This Application like a wallet for Amer Point, and one of the Advantages of this App is that it offers the user the Available Point and Equivalent at (EGP).
•[Role] Create and execute Testcases, Api testing by Robot Framework with python, report and track bugs.
Main Tester in MFF-Digital Egypt: Module Investigation "Website" :
•The project focuses on digitalizing the application of “Mortgage Finance Fund” of Egyptian citizens, the portal helps digital Egypt employees to produce brochures, follow up advertisements, manage projects and handle citizen’s subsidies requests.
•[Role] Create and execute Testcases, Api testing by Robot Framework with python, report and track bugs, Performace testing by JMeter.
Mahmoud Ehab
Junior QA & Test Automation Engineer
adzlzy@r.postjobfree.com
Faisal-Giza
010********
Mahmoud Ehab
Tester in Migrate EDAMS, Water Meter "Website" :
•A project that aims to provide smart digital utilities services, the project focuses on water metering systems in Egypt both postpaid and prepaid.
•[Role] Writing BDD, work at sqldeveloper 64w, report and track bugs. Support Tester in My Orange Mobile Application
•I'm responsible for review and execute testcases.
•[Role] Exploratory Testing and Execute Testcases, report and track bugs. Projects
- Amer Group Application
- My Orange Mobile App
- MFF-Digital Egypt "Website"
- Migrate EDAMS Water Meter "Website"
Skills
Performance Testing
JMETER
Test Automation
Selenium with Robot
Robot Framework with Python
Manual Test
Create Test Cases
Execute Test Cases
Report issues
Write Bugs
API Testing
Robot Framework
Postman
JMeter
BDD with Gerkin and Serenity Framework
Programming Languages
Python
Java
Personal Skills
Good Communication and Presentation Skills
o All Training and work Experience improved my Communication and Presentation skills
Contact this candidate