Vasudha Ramaswamy
Plano, TX ***** 281-***-**** adzy17@r.postjobfree.com

SOFTWARE DEVELOPER IN TEST

Solutions-driven developer / tester with extensive experience working as a quality assurance engineer in manual and automation testing, with sufficient exposure to software development. Possess strong knowledge in test planning, test strategies, and test execution on a diverse range of enterprise applications, with understanding of Agile and Waterfall methodologies. Valued as a dedicated and detail-oriented test automation engineer with expertise in designing, implementing, and executing automated test scripts using Java, Selenium, Javascript, Junit, TestNG, Data Driven, and BDD framework.

SUMMARY OF QUALIFICATIONS

●Strong programming skills in Java and JavaScript for test script development.
●Experience with Continuous Integration (CI) and Continuous Deployment (CD) pipelines using tools such as Jenkins, CircleCI, and Harness.
●Experience in API test automation using tools such as Chai Mocha and Java Rest Assured.
●Experience in leading a team of testers to coordinate testing efforts, troubleshoot, identify, and log defects.
●Proven ability to collaborate with cross-functional teams, including developers and product managers, to identify and resolve issues.
●Experience in API testing using tools such as Postman and SoapUI.
●Good knowledge of SQL and experience at conducting backend testing by writing and executing SQL queries.
●Expert in identifying test scenarios and performing various testing such as Unit testing, Functional testing, Smoke testing, Regression testing, Exploratory testing, and system level and integration level testing.
●Experience in validating multiple web applications based on Angular (front-end) and Java / Springboot (backend) manually and through test automation scripts.
●Experience in Mobile Application testing, including cloud devices such as ExperiTest and physical devices such as iPad.
●Experience as a Springboot developer creating RESTful services.
●Deployed microservices to production using CI / CD tools such as Harness / CircleCI and Jenkins.
●Experience with deploying applications to Kubernetes and with cloud providers such as AWS and GCP.
●Articulate in written and verbal communication along with strong interpersonal, analytical, and organizational skills.
●Solid understanding of software development methodologies, including Agile and Scrum.

KEY SKILLS

Software Development Quality Assurance Test Framework Design and Implementation Manual and Automation Testing

TECHNICAL SKILLS

Programming Languages: Java, JavaScript, Springboot, C, HTML, XML, SQL
Test Automation Frameworks: WebdriverIO, Chai Mocha, Selenium WebDriver, Cucumber / Gherkin (BDD), TestNG, Junit, Katalon
Version Control: Git, SVN
CI / CD Tools: GitLab, GitHub, Onestash / Bitbucket, Jenkins, Maven, CircleCI, Harness, Argo CD
Cloud Providers: AWS, GCP
IDEs: Visual Studio Code, Eclipse, IntelliJ
Databases: Postgres, Oracle SQL Developer, Datastax DevCenter-Cassandra, MySQL, DB2
API Testing Tools: Postman, SOAP UI, SOA Test
Project Management: CA Agile Rally, JIRA
Domain Knowledge: Healthcare (Specialty Provider), Telecommunication (Provisioning and Access Enablement), Banking (ACH) and Credit Card Service (Interchange)

Vasudha Ramaswamy adzy17@r.postjobfree.com Page 2

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

CVS Health, Richardson, TX March 2020 - August 2023
Digital Dev Engineer II, January 2023 - August 2023
Assisted on Provider Connectivity project and worked closely with the team to help contribute to high-quality codebase.
●Created microservices using Springboot framework and set up CI / CD pipelines to deploy applications to dev and prod environments.
●Migrated codebase from Gitlab to GitHub and adopted new CI / CD tools such as CircleCi and Harness.
●Conducted unit testing and participated in code reviews.
●Gained exposure to software development best practices and utilized experience with deploying applications to Kubernetes.
Skills: Java, Springboot, Junit, Eclipse, IntelliJ, Postman, Jenkins, Gitlab, Github, CircleCI, Harness, ArgoCD, DBeaver, Rally

Software Developer in Test II, March 2020 - December 2022
Assisted on Provider Connectivity project with Specialty Central, a tool for health care providers to easily lookup prescription status of specialty patients that allows administrators to add / update users and send invites and allows representatives a similar view of the prescriptions.
●Built automated regression test suites for multiple teams based on WebdiverIO and BDD.
●Created automated end to end user journeys and regression test suites to validate production deployment.
●Served initially as a sole QA engineer for two different teams at the same time.
●Mentored QA engineers and effectively served as QA Lead for multiple releases across two teams.
●Collaborated with different teams to perform integration testing and validated the multi factor authentication feature.
●Used BDD (Gherkin) to write user stories and communicate acceptance criteria with developers.
●Collaborated with the team to write functional and regression test cases in Rally and executed them.
●Used the chai mocha automation framework to set up a regression test suite for web services and used tools such as Postman to perform API level testing.
●Setup daily monitoring jobs and build pipelines for both applications via Jenkins.
●Participated and contributed actively during PI Planning to plan and strategize work for the next quarter.
●Gathered monthly QA metrics for the entire train and provided reports to management.
Skills: WebdriverIO, Chai Mocha, Java, Junit, Visual Studio Code, Postman, SQL Developer, DBeaver, Jenkins, Katalon, Rally

Client: Verizon, Irving, TX
QA Automation Tester August 2017 - October 2019
Assisted on XO Migration project involving XO product enablement testing and end to end flow of Ethernet orders during XO network migration into Verizon Inventory, with each phase of migration, Jira stories being tested and certified, and in-sprint automation for delivered stories is performed.
●Built automation framework using Java, Selenium, TestNG, and Eclipse IDE to automate execution of test cases within sprint.
●Used Page Object Model and Data Driven testing when automating test cases.
●Setup continuous integration pipelines using Jenkins to automate the testing process.
●Created and managed Git Repositories that housed automation framework source code.
●Created test cases / test scenarios for integration testing and executed them and created test data used for end-to-end testing.
●Tested and validated integration of third-party products into existing systems by doing in sprint automation and regression.
●Published automation test results in the form of consumable reports using Extent Reports.
●Collaborated with different teams within the organization to facilitate integration testing.
●Performed sanity testing in the production environment to make sure deployment of other integrated applications was not breaking functionality.
●Created and managed Git Repositories that housed automation framework / source code.
●Used SQL Developer / DB2 to perform data validations and run SQL queries in the backend and used tools such as Postman and SOAPUI to perform service level testing.
●Created, managed, and retested bugs using test management tool JIRA.
●Supported production release every month by coordinating with different teams and validating regression test cases.

Vasudha Ramaswamy adzy17@r.postjobfree.com Page 3

●Helped development team triage and troubleshoot issues and create defects within the sprint.
●Discussed with users and SMEs to analyze requirements and acceptance criteria for stories.
Skills: Selenium WebDriver, Maven, Git, Jenkins, Manual Testing, Production support, SQL Developer, Postman, JIRA, Bitbucket, Windows, Webservices, Microsoft Office

Client: CenturyLink, Monroe, LA
QA Automation Tester March 2016 - August 2016
Assisted on MAX Application project with goal to standardize the Dispatch process as it was outdated and inefficient, with MAX (Mobile Application experience) being the end product that has ability to present Dispatch work to the technician coupled with productivity enhancers, workflow to take the technician through the workday and integration of disparate data to create a full job detail and customer view.
●Interacted with product owners and SMEs to analyze business requirements.
●Led a team of testers to coordinate testing efforts, troubleshoot, identify, and log defects.
●Involved extensively in writing test cases and test scenarios based on user stories for every iteration.
●Performed system testing, sanity testing, and integrated testing and used automation testing tools such as Selenium Web Driver for functional regression testing and Soap UI for integration testing.
●Tested a Mobile Dispatch Application on various browsers, including IE, Chrome, and Firefox and tested the application on mobile devices, including IPAD and virtual Android devices.
●Participated actively in PI Planning and estimating story points for every iteration.
●Developed automated test scripts using Java / Eclipse.
●Identified and documented defects / system issues using Rally and assisted with root cause analysis for timely resolution of defects.
●Used CA Agile Rally extensively as a Test Management tool to write and execute test cases.
●Updated, provisioned, and maintained data in SQL database to perform backend testing to facilitate dispatch jobs.
●Coordinated testing efforts with Offshore teams and worked with multiple teams to do end to end testing.
Skills: Selenium WebDriver, Java, Junit, Eclipse, Cucumber, SQL Developer, XML, Maven, CA Agile Rally

Accenture, Bangalore, India December 2010 - October 2013
Mainframe Developer / Tester / Support
Assisted on Bank of America, First Data project and supported and maintained legacy applications.
●Acknowledged and tested numerous high priority incident requests that required immediate action.
●Performed work actively on issues raised by clients that involved initial analysis of problem / incident recorded, identifying root cause, implementing / coding the fix, testing, and creating turnover records.
●Programmed and modified various components such as COBOL programs, jobs, procs, parms, copybooks, and schedules.
●Created packages and moved components from testing to production environment and was responsible for Version control and movement of code and components from deployment area to integration system.
●Conducted unit tests with test data and recorded test results for new / enhanced requests.
●Built a tool using REXX to help simplify the testing process for the team and identified the cause and solved the issue before the SLA timeframe.
●Extended support in implementation and post implementation activities.
Mainframe Programming and Applications: COBOL, JCL, VSAM, REXX, File-Aid, Changeman, Infoman, Platinum, Endevor, Xpeditor, SAR, CA7 and NDM, SPUFI, TSO / ISPF

EDUCATION

Bachelor of Telecommunication and Electronics Engineering
Vemana Institute of Technology, Bangalore, India
Contact this candidate