Nivaldo Gonzalez
California 949-***-**** ad45m4@r.postjobfree.com
WWW: Bold Profile
Summary
Experienced Developer with +5 year background creating web applications. Committed to producing high-quality software and intrinsically motivated with new technologies. Skills
Object-Oriented Programming
RESTful APIs
JavaScript
Typescript
HTML, CSS, Responsive web design
Node
Express
React
Nextjs
Django Rest Framework
Database Design
Git
Agile development methodologies
Experience
FULL STACK WEB DEVELOPER 09/2021 - 02/2023
Scrumers - FL
I worked as a backend developer using Node.js with the Nest.js framework in an application that generated and managed Ads in a parking mobile application.
I was part of a team as a Full-Stack developer to develop and design a web application from scratch for a call center aimed at customer service using the Athena Bitcoin wallet in El Salvador, using technologies like React.js, Next.js, and Redux.
I worked as a backend developer on the API for the Athenas Bitcoin call center using Python with Django Rest Framework.
Developed features and tests as a backend developer on the Athenas Bitcoin wallet API in El Salvador using Django Rest Framework.
I designed and implemented stress tests for the Athenas Bitcoin wallet API using JavaScript and K6 tools. I developed an API and a website from scratch for a project called VETA, which aimed to manage resources and measurements of construction materials made through a mobile application. In this project, I used AngularJS for the front-end and Django Rest Framework for the backend. Along with my team, I designed and implemented as a backend developer an application from scratch, which aimed to sell automotive parts and services, using Node.js with Express and a microservices architecture. Created unit tests for full stack web application components. FULL STACK WEB DEVELOPER 04/2019 - 03/2021
DevCu - Havana
Developed and implemented a web application using React and Firebase called SAmeals.This web app aimed to show the nearest restaurants to the user depending on the chosen type of food. Developed e-commerce and inventory management application using React and Node.js with Express. Created unit tests for full stack web application components. Researched and implemented new technologies to improve development processes. SOFTWARE ENGINEER 11/2013 - 05/2018
Electric Company - Havana
Developed, tested, debugged and documented software programs using C++ and C#. Collaborated with cross-functional teams to ensure quality assurance throughout the development process. Maintained existing software systems by identifying and correcting software defects. Education and Training
University of Computer Science - Havana Bachelor of Science Computer Engineering, 07/2013
Certifications
Scrum Foundation Professional Certification - SFPC™ Blockchain Professional Certificate
