














































Amit kumar 

#Manjunath PG , 

Roopena Agrahara, 

NearVishal mega mart , 

Bangalore, 

Karnataka– 560068. 

amit.k.r.p.10@gmail.com 
                                  Mobile : 7050303245 

 

Experience Summary 

Offering 1.6 years of industry experience with expertise in ORACLE SQL, ORACLE 

PLSQL, ORACLE FORMS, ORACLE REPORTS, and Designing procedure, function for 

Performance &reduce time complexity, Report Analysis. 

 

CURRENT POSITION 

Engaged with KTTM as Associate ORACLE DEVELOPER in System dept. (Oracle Forms & 

Reports developer) since “JAN 2017 – Till Date” 

- Develop sql and plsql query in AMRUT   -Design reports in Amrit as per 
user requirements.     - Project Analysis 

- Support in network activities    - Project Management 

 

Recently, I am working with Kirloskar Toyota Textile Machinery Pvt. Ltdas a SQL & 

PLSQL Developer. I can perform all 9i joins & subquries with multiple tables. I can also 

create System triggers or DDL triggers on schema. I am creating authority level of 

securities with different users. And also perform DML operation with the help of instead of 

trigger. I can also create procedure for particular user and also assign some specific task 

for different type of users using DCL.Recently I was working with AMRUT, hereI’m 

exporting & importing the data from amrut with the help of webutill library file.  

WORK EXPERIENCE 

Company  : KasNet Private Ltd., Pune. 

Duration  : JUN 2016 to Dec 2016. 

Designation  : SQL & PLSQL developer. 

 

Company  : Kirloskar Toyota Textile Machinery Pvt. Ltd, Bangalore. 
Duration  : Jan 2017 to be continue….. 

Designation  : SQL & PLSQL developer. 

 

 
 

EDUCATIONAL DETAILS 

Qualification Board/University Year Marks 

M.C.A. Birla Institute of Technology 2016 76.35% 

B.Sc. (IT) Sikkim Manipal University 2011 61.73% 

Intermediate CBSE Board 2008 54.44% 

Matriculation CBSE Board 2006 60.00% 

mailto:amit.k.r.p.10@gmail.com


 

SKILL SET 

Operating Systems Windows 2000, Windows XP, Windows 2007 

Programming Languages Java 

Web Technologies Jdbc, Servlet, JSP 

Databases Oracle 10g ,11g,12C 

Oracle tools SQL & PLSQL 

Documentation Microsoft office(Word & Excel) 

 

ORACLE SQL 

 

 Basic knowledge of Database management system (DBMS). 

 Experience in Structure Query Language (DDL, DML, DQL, TCL, DCL). 

 Good Knowledge of Structure Query Language functions. 

 Responsible for creating tables with index on cluster with the help of DDL operations. 

 Expertise in Data manipulation language. (Insert,Update,delete,merge).  

 Clear understanding of 8i joins and 9i joins. 

 Good Knowledge Of Subqueries,View,Sequences. 

 Experience of creating tables with constraints. 

 Basic knowledge of ORACLE 11g and ORACLE 12C Features. 

 

ORACLE PLSQL 

 

 Experience in Procedural language of Structure Query Language (PLSQL). 

 Good Knowledge of Anonymous Block and named blocks. 

 Responsible for creating CURSORS with attributes of the table. 

 Good Knowledge of Exceptions. 

 Clear understanding of types of Exceptions. 

 Experience in plsql sub-programs (PROCEDURE & FUNCTIONS). 

 Consulting different project teams and identifying their pain areas IN PLSQL Codes. 

 Feasibility study of the ideas for using fo PLSQL COLLECTIONS. 

 Design checklist to implement best practices across the project for Autonomous 

transactions & autocreate with the help of TRIGGERS. 

 Experience in Trigger,Package,Bulk Bind,Utl_File Package,SQL Loader. 

 Avoiding Mutating Error by using Compound Trigger. 

 Experience in DYNAMIC SQL. 

 Creating auto increment with the help of Row level Trigger. 

 Controlling the execution level of trigger with the help of Follows Clause. 

 Using Database TRIGGER handle the unauthorised users login into database. 

 

 

 

CERTIFICATION 

 Oracle Form Development Professional certification 

 Oracle PL/SQL Developer Associate certification 



PROJECT DETAILS 

PROJECT 1 : SMART CITY IN INDIA. 

Environment : Front end-JAVA & Back end-ORACLE 

Team Size : 4 

Description : Smart City in India This project is basically gives the information and 

facility about the given smart city name. This project is help to those types of 

users who visit first time in any smart city in India and also gives the previous 

users reviews for selecting better facilities in smart city. 

Role            : Database Developer 

 

Responsibility: 

 Working as a database developer on smart city project. 

 Creating all tables with constraints, indexes and cluster with the help of 

normalization. 

 With the help of auto increment and follow clause create all types of trigger on tables 

 Creating all types of System trigger for security of tables and databases. 

 Automatically data copy from one table to another table with the help of statement 

and row level trigger. 

 Fetch all data from table with the help of non-correlated and correlated subquries. 

 With the help of 9i joins data retrieve from multiple tables. 

 With the help of dbms_utility package data read and write in a files of a system. 

 

PROJECT DETAILS 

PROJECT 2 : College Bus Database Monitoring and Tracking System. 

Environment : Front end-JAVA & Back end-ORACLE 

Team Size : 4 

Description : A College Bus Database Monitoring and Tracking System is a monitoring of 

the all information about Bus route and their timing system, which provides a 

profitable platform for Student and College Bus stuff, which is help to give 

more and more Information about college bus route and their timing in 

different bus stop Locations. 

Role            : Database Developer 

 

 

Responsibility: 

 Creating of all table based on college bus route and their timing. 

 Creation Constraints on every table. 

 Execution of Sub queries for assigned modules. 

 Conducting of views, Sequence,Synonyms&Clustor on Tables . 

 Joining of Different tables with the help of JOIN.. 

 Coordinating with java developers to resolve the issues. 

 Worked on basically INDEX, BULK BIND & UTL FILE PACKAGE. 

 Apply trigger in every important tables & Views 

 To provide security for unauthorized users with the help of row level triggers. 

Transfer the file with the help of SQL LOADER and Data Utility package 



PROJECT DETAILS 

PROJECT 3 : Advance Manufacturing Resource Utilization. 

Environment : Oracle Forms & Reports 

Team Size : 2 

Description : we are working with ERP system. In this tools we are importing the data 

from excel to database or exporting the data from database to excel sheet as 

per user requirements and making a new forms and reports as per users 

requirements. 

Role             : Oracle Forms& Report Developer 

 

Responsibility: 

 Creating forms with the help of property palette and pl/sql Editor. 

 Creation Constraints on every table. 

 Execution of Sub queries for assigned modules. 

 Exporting the all parts of one machine as per user requirements. 

 Joining of Different tables with the help of JOIN. 

 Coordinating with Oracle forms tools we resolve the issues of Clients. 

 Worked on webutill library files for new developments. 

 Apply all types of trigger in different modules of each forms. 

 Creating relationship between different modules.  

 To provide security for unauthorized users with the help of row level triggers. 

 Transfer the file with the help of SQL LOADER and Data Utility package. 

 Sometimes we handles the networks supports. 

 I can also make patch cable for connecting all systems through a networks. 

 I support our server accessing with all employees. 

 

 

PERSONAL DETAILS 

Date of Birth 30th April 1991 

Marital Status Unmarried 

Mother’s Name Urmila Devi 

Father’s Name Suresh Prasad Pandit 

Permanent Address S/o Suresh Prasad Pandit 

M11Bccl colony chandwadi,devnagar 

Dugda bokaro ,JHARKHAND– 828404 

DECLARATION 

 

I do hereby declare that the particulars furnished by me are correct to the best of my 

knowledge. 

 

Place :                                          Signature 

                                     (AMIT KUMAR) 

 


