















































X

S Suresh
KPS Guest house,

No: 22/62, Room No: 211,

Habibullah Sahib St, Triplicane,

Chennai – 600 005
Mobile no: 99445 13424,
E-mail:  sureshsiru@gmail.com

Objective:

To accomplish prominence through new challenges in a progressive organization that offers opportunities to utilize my skills and dedication to perform quality work.
ACADEMIC DETAILS
Highest Qualification:

B C A
:
Madras University (Chennai in 2011) 

Technical Qualification:

Diploma in Information Technology
:
Sun Polytechnic (Nagercoil in 2005)
TECHNICAL SKILLS
· Familiar with Type writing.

· C, C++, Oracle, VB, Ms Dos

· Advanced MS Office suite, Office 2003 & 2007.

· Familiar with Internet surfing.
EXPERIENCE
5.08 years of experience in MIS activities at Banking industry.

ORGANISATIONAL DETAILS

Current experience: Religare Finvest Ltd
Working as Collection executive in Religare Finvest Ltd May 2009 to till date.
Job Description:

· Circulating collection (Product – PL, SME, Mortgage, CA and CV) MIS on daily basis for South & East region.
· Consolidation of DCR and uploading on system.  Preparation of Visit, Contact & Payment intensity report based on the DCR trails.
· Uploading Secondary allocation detail in system for collection team.
· Circulation & tracking of Settlement MIS for South & East and regular follow up for closure. 

· Verifying payment uploading status on daily basis.

· Preparing the incentive amount details and salary detail for In-house collection team.

· Preparing & Processing the bills of collection agencies, suppliers etc., for South & East region.
· Confirming receipt book details with agency and In-house application.
· Preparing the Cost Of Collection details on monthly basis.

· Skip cases and death cases flagging on system.

· Preparing month beginning delinquency dump on monthly basis.

Previous experience: ENLIST management service for CitiFinancial Consumer Finance India LTD
Working as Collection support executive for ENLIST management service since Feb 2007 till May 2008 which was formerly known as Interpro Resource Management Services Pvt., Ltd., from June ’08 to May ‘09.) They were providing service for CitiFinancial Consumer Finance India Limited from Feb ’07 to May ’09.
Job Description:
· Handling Skip portfolio of Chennai to a tune of 8Cr.  Regular follow-ups on the status of the case allocated and cases traced.
· Circulating Skip MIS on daily basis.
· Follow-up with field collection agencies for payment collection of the skip traced cases.
· Skip uploading and Skip flagging on system
· Handling settlement portfolio of Chennai to a tune of 1.5Cr. Regular preparation, Circulation & tracking of Settlement MIS. 
· Handling RBO portfolio of Chennai to a tune of 2Cr.   Daily Follow-up with vendors for File / Payment collections, ensuring the file authorization with Operations department.
· Verifying vendor audit files as per process on monthly basis.
PERSONAL DETAILS

Father’s Name

:
C. Sirumani         

Date of Birth  


:
25th June 1984
Gender


:
Male
Marital Status


:
Single.

Nationality


:
Indian

Lanaguage


:
English, Tamil

Permanent address

:
Water Tank Road, 2nd Lane, 






Aruguvilai, Nagercoil, KK Dist – 629001
DECLARATION
I, here by declare that all the above facts are true to best of my knowledge. 
Place: Chennai






SURESH S

Date:


