














































VIVEK KUKKAR 
 

Senior Associate 
Total Experience   :  8.0 Years 
 

Email           :  vivekrkukkar@gmail.com 
Contact no  :  +91-8380080219 

An innovative IT professional seeking a lead position to utilize experience, skills and 
abilities to add value, be an asset to the organization with good team spirit. I would like 
to explore myself in more challenging environment with many learning opportunities. 
  

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE 
 

Organization Duration Designation 
 

Incandescent Technologies 
Pvt. Ltd, Pune 

Jan 2016 – Till Date Senior Associate 

Cognizant Technology 
Solutions, Pune 

Feb 2015 – Jan 2016 Associate 

Tieto Software Pvt. Ltd, 
Pune 

August 2010 – Feb 2015 Software Engineer 

 

 Good knowledge on Regulatory Reporting of various Market Risks and Credit 
Risks reports. 

 Acquainted with FX exposure system and BREXIT projects.  

 Expertise in Sybase technology (SAP ERP product), having good technical skill 
in SQL, PL-SQL, Stored procedures, Triggers etc. 

 Good knowledge about Query Optimization and Performance Tuning. 

 Experienced in ETL Tool Ab Initio development, designing Ab Initio graphs, 
Workflows etc. 

 Exposure to Service Assurance and Service Fulfillment process of Telecom 
Industry. 

 Played Lead Role in the development and delivery of business requirements in 
regulatory reporting and telecom projects. 

 Recognition as key contributor in all the project deliveries. 

 

TECHNICAL EXPERIENCE 
 

Programming Languages SQL, T-SQL 
Database Sybase ASE 15.5, SQL Server 2012, MySQL 
ETL Tool Ab Initio GDE 
Scheduler Autosys, Control Center 
Other Tools SQL Advantage, Slick Edit, Sybase Central v6.0, MS 

Visio2010, SSMS 2012, IBM RTC 
 

mailto:vivekrkukkar@gmail.com


WORK EXPERIENCE 
 
1) Incandescent Technologies Private Limited 
 

Project Title : Local Regulatory Reporting – Citi 
Description : Legacy LRR project is managed by Citigroup to submit 

various credit risks and market risks reports to financial 
regulators across 20+ countries using PowerBuilder. 
Develops Sybase solutions as per business requirements 
for report generation process. The batch scheduling is 
done via Autosys. 

Duration : Jan 2016 – Till Date 
Software Tools : Sybase ASE 15.7, Autosys, Shell Scripting 

 
Project Title : Prudential Reporting and BREXIT – Citi 
Description : Played lead role in the development and delivery of PRS 

and BREXIT project. Prudential Reporting System (PRS) is 
the project to perform various calculations and 
transformations for financial reports managed by 
Citigroup in RegInsight 2.0 portal. BREXIT project involves 
separating financial reports of PRS into UK and Europe. 

Duration : Jan 2018 – Till Date 
Software Tools : Ab Initio GDE, Control Center, Oracle 

 
Project Title : UFX(BREXIT) – Citi 
Description : Unallocated Foreign Exchange (UFX) is exposure 

management and control system designed to identify 
currency exposures by hedging activity and hedged trades. 
UFX is used by Corporate Treasury to control FX 
exposures for CIB Broker Dealer entities globally. Involved 
primarily in UFX BREXIT as a part of developing end to 
end solution to separate EURO based FX exposures and 
USD FX exposures and also calculating FX P&L 
distinguishing between EURO and USD legal entities.    

Duration : Oct 2017 – June 2018 
Software Tools : Sybase ASE 15.7, Autosys, Shell Scripting 

 
2) Cognizant Technology Solutions 
 

Project Title :  JUNO – Barclays 
Description : This is an investment banking project developed for a 

banking client for Staging of feed files, Association with 
golden source system, data reconciliation related to Credit 
Risk and trading department. The output reports are 
generated using Qlikview dashboard and other different 
portals based on the business users. 

Duration : Feb 2015 – Jan 2016 
Software Tools : SQL Server, SSMS, Perforce 

 



3) Tieto Software Private Limited 
 

Project Title :  SIMBase – TeliaSonera 
Description : This project involves providing maintenance and 

production support for one of the telecom customers 
primarily based in Nordic regions called TeliaSonera. They 
provide 2 primary services in Service fulfillment (Orders) 
and Service assurance (trouble tickets). Played role as 
Sybase developer in the project wherein 90% of the 
application is in Swedish language. I was playing major 
role to boost global delivery from India. Also, acted as 
Cluster lead for few functional areas of the project. 

Duration : August 2010 – Feb 2015 
Software Tools : Centura, Sybase ASE 15.0, MKS, MS Visio 

 
 
 

EDUCATION QUALIFICATION 
 

Qualification College/Board Year of Passing % Marks 

PGDBFM 
NMIMS University, 

Mumbai 
2017 NA 

BE(Computer) 
METs Institute of 

Engineering, Nasik 
2010 62% 

AISSCE CBSE Board 2006 79% 
AISSE CBSE Board 2004 75% 

 
 
 

OTHER ACHIEVEMENTS 
 

 Recognized as a Consistent and Good performer in front of both offshore and 
onshore management 

 Rewarded for “Excellent performance” in the year 2013, being in the list of top 
10 at Tieto Technologies Pvt. Ltd. global level. 

 Nominated for “Committed to Excellence” award in 2018 at ITI Data Pvt. Ltd. 
 Received “Pat on the back” award for performance in Regression Test and 

proactively taking knowledge sharing sessions. 
 ITIL v3 Foundation Certification with 90% score. 

 
 

 

DECLARATION 
 

I hereby declare that the information furnished above is true to the best of my 
knowledge. 
          VIVEK KUKKAR 


