


















































Anand Sehgal
E-MAIL: anandsehgal777@gmail.com | Phone: 7508745058 |

Personal Details
Father’s Name		: 	Sharvan Sehgal
Current Address	:	Gurgaon, Haryana
Permanent Address	:	H.No.5354, Street No.19, Meharpura (Nawankot), Amritsar
D.O.B			:	 12 July, 1994
Nationality		:	Indian

Objective
I aspire to make a career in IT domain. I wish to take up an assignment where I can use my skills confidently. I wish to work for an established global company with strong values. I would like to work towards my personal growth by dedicate my skills, abilities and potential to enable the goals of the organization.	

Academic Qualification and Technical Proficiencies	

	Examination
	University/Board
	Passing Year
	Result

	B.Tech CSE
	Punjab Technical University
	2016
	81.46%

	Diploma  in Computer Engg. 
	Punjab State Board  of Technical Education 
	2013
	72%

	Matric (10th)
	Punjab School Education Board
	2010
	82%





Project Details
Policy Administration and Management System-Worked as a software engineer in maintaining and enhancing the application using Eclipse RCP, SWT technology 
Motor Insurance App- It is an Angular Js based web application project. I had worked in this project to develop the UI and worked on java Rest web services.
TrackItems App –It is a mobile app developed in Altova Mobile Together tool for Android and IOS. The back end is developed in Spring boot.
College Training:  Six months training in Java from VMM Education, Amritsar.
Industrial Training : Three months training in Java and Angular Js from Spade Infotech pvt. ltd, Gurgaon.   
Experience:  Software Developer
	           Spade Infotech Pvt Ltd (April 2017 – Present)
Computer Proficiency: C, C++, JAVA(J2SE and J2EE), Angular, Spring boot, Hibernate,  HTML, CSS, JavaScript, JSP, Servlets, MySql, Oracle, PostgreSQL.
AWARDS & RECOGNITION
· Ranked 3rd in Top 4 with 93% marks in final year training Project – “Travel Wallet”
· Three(3) consecutive First ranks from class 4th to 6th and Four(4) consecutive Second ranks from class 7th and 10th.
· Second 2nd Position in Quiz Competition
HOBBIES
· Reading Newspapers
· Playing cricket
Personal Attributes
1. Self-motivated 
2. Goal oriented	
3. Aspiration 
4. Good Communication Skills	
5. Discipline good  and Team Player 
I hereby declare that the above mentioned information is correct up to my knowledge and I bear the responsibility for the correctness of the above mentioned particulars.
Date:-………………                                                                                         -------------------Place:-……………..                                                                                          (SIGNATURE)                                                                                                                                                        
