







































RESUME

RESUME

S. Charan Tej
# 6,Asha nilaya,

Chocolate factory road,

1st main, Tavarekare,                                               E-mail:charan.teju1989@gmail.com
Bangalore-560029.
                                             Phone: +91-7411411384.







    

Objective:
To become a successful professional in the field of Information Technology and to work in an innovative and competitive world.

Education:
· b.tEch in Information Technology from Priyadarshini College of Engineering, JNTU-A, AP with First class in 2010. 
Aggregate: 62.24% of all semesters.
· Intermediate in M.P.C from Nalanda Junior College, Proddatur with First class in 2006.
Aggregate: 66.66%

· SSC Passed in First class, from Goutham high school, Proddatur in 2004.
Aggregate: 73.16%

Software Exposure:

Language 

       
    : Java,J2EE.
Frameworks


    : Hibernate,Struts.
Operating systems
           
    : Windows XP.
Other skills                  
    : HTML, JavaScript, CSS, XML.
Experience                                 : Worked as a Telecaller in Andromeda Company for                                                                             
                                                      3Months                                            
Project Profile:

Project Title

:   Mitigating Attacks on open functionality in SMS capable  Cellular Networks

Team Size

:    
4 Members.
Duration

:   
3 months.
Brief Overview Of Project:

  

  Goal is to insulate voice call request and the delivery of high priority text messages from the attack. Apply well-known queuing techniques including variants of Weighted Fair Queuing(WFQ), and Weighted Random Early Detection (WRED), which are well tested for addressing traffic overload in the intranet. These schemes attempt to provide differentiated service to voice and data, hence alleviate resource contention
Technical Paper Presentation:

1. Presented paper on Firewalls held at JNTU University, Pulivendula.

Co-Curricular Activities:

1. Received First prize in Quiz competition held at school level.

2. Experience of organizing of parties, annual fest and other events.

Personal Profile:

Name:
 S. Charan Tej

Date of Birth:
 02-06-1989.


Father’s name:
 S. Chandra Shekar

Sex: 
 Male


Languages Known:
 English, Hindi and Telugu
      Hobbies:
 Reading books, Listening to music
      Permanent Address:
 D.No:3/227, Sai Kutter Road, Proddatur. 

                                                 Kadapa [Dist.], Andhra Pradesh- 516360,                                                                                                                                                                    

Declaration:
I consider myself familiar with Information technology Engineering Aspects. I am also confident of my ability to work in a team.

I hereby declare that the information furnished above is true to the best of my knowledge.

Date:                                                                                                                     
Place:
                                                                         (S.Charan Tej)
