


































                                         Java Developer(Resume)


Name: Manish Kumar
Email: manish.tarkar214@gmail.com
Contact No: +91 7065874221

Career Objective:

I foresee myself to be a successful Software Professional in the position of trust and responsibility, which I will achieve through hard work, sincerity and zeal to excel.

experience summary:

· Having approx 2.5 Years of software development experience in Java, J2EE technologies.
 Strong Knowledge on Core Java, Spring MVC, Hibernate.
· Good Knowledge of MySQL.
· Web Services (REST)
· Knowledge of Eclipse, NetBean, Tomcat 7.0.
· Basic Knowledge and experience of Maven.
· Solr Configuration with MySql and Oracle, Sqlserver.
· Apache Kafka 
· Basic Knowledge on GIT Version Control tool.

experience profile:

· Worked with Microweb Systems, January, 2015 to June, 2015 as Java Trainee.
· Worked with Supersoft It Solutions, Feb, 2016 to March, 2017 as  Java Developer.

· Working with Progen Business Solutions, June, 2017 to till date as Java Developer


academic profile:

· Master of Computer Application 
       Galgotias University with 8.4 CGPA 

· Bachelor Computer Application
       Dr.B.R.A University, Agra with 67.50% 

· Intermediate 
      U.P. Board with 64.80%

· High School
      U.P. Board with 67.33%




PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:

Pi (Business Intelligence) Since Aug,2017.
Have 13 months of professional work experience in Product Development with ProGen Business Solutions, Hyderabad [www.progenbusiness.com].

Pi is a comprehensive Business Intelligence & Data Analytics platform in the lines of BO/ Cognos/ Micro-Strategy etc. Pi has been built from scratch by us and it has various features like Report Analysis, Graphical Analysis, Query Studio, Dash-boards, Portals, What If Analysis, Statistical Analysis, Scorecards, Sentiment Analysis, Stick Notes, and One View etc. I have been involved in Development of the following modules in Pi.

Report Studio: 
Report is feature of the product which helps in mashing up various reports and charts and tables viewing in a single place. I was involved in 
· Bug fixing, Coding & Testing
· Worked on Scheduler using java.  
· Worked on ETL using Java
· Worked on correlation matrix.

Technologies used: Java, Spring MVC, JavaScript, HTML5, jQuery.

Role: Requirement gathering, Development, testing and Bug fixing.

Team: 4 Members.


Apache Kafka:
 
The Kafka Platform is a streaming platform that enables you to organize and manage data from many different sources with one reliable, high performance system

I am working on kafka from last 6 months in this duration i have configured it for the time in Progen Business Solutions. Basically we have used Kafka for data transfer to source to destination with high performence.
Kafka can also used for real time messaging system.

Role: Requirement gathering, Development, monitering and issue resolving.

Team: 1 Member.


project PROFILE:	
		
Project Name		  : leggrow
Role                                         : Developer.
Responsbility                           : Backend Developer
Technologies		               : Spring, Hibernate Framework.
Web/App Servers	               : Tomcat
Tools			               : ​Netbean


Description: 
It's a service based website where user can search a better solution for Hotel, Hostel ,PG, College, Coaching etc. and also post the same for advertisement. There are 2 major sections in this project: User and Administrator, where user can post his hotels, hostel, and pg or coaching centers for the advertisement with their facilities are provided then the posted advertisement will show on the front page of website but before that admin need to verify the advertisement.
                                                                                                                              

PERSONAL PROFILE:				

Name              			: Manish Kumar
Date of Birth			           :  23th Feb 1992
Sex				           :  Male
Father Name			           :  Shyam Singh
Languuages     		           :   English,Hindi    
Address for Communication            :  flat no-206, Sri Sai Keshav Enclave House no-1-
                                                           98/2/2B vitthal Rao Nagar, Madhapur Hydrabad-                       				               500081 





Place________                                                                                            Manish Kumar
Date________
	








											
