



















































SHAUKARU SARATH 

         
E-Mail: sarath22061993@gmail.com 

Mobile no: +91 9581234495             

           

Career Summary 

 
 3 years of experience in field of embedded software development using C and 

embedded C. 
 Involved in project planning, development and documentation. 
 Interact & coordinate with customer, on site and in-house development experience. 

 
Academics 

 
 B. Tech in E.C.E. from Visakha Inst. Of Tech. & Sci. Visakhapatnam. 
 12th standard in M.P.C from Sri Chaitanya Jr College Visakhapatnam. 
 S.S.C from S.V.L.N school Visakhapatnam. 

 
Technical Skills 

Programming 
Languages 

C, Data Structures, Embedded C, GNU Debugger. 

Communication 
protocols 

CAN, I2C, SPI, UART. 

Operating Systems Linux, Windows 

Development Tools/ 
IDE 

Visual Studio 2010, Keil µ vision. 

 
 
Work experience 

 3 years of experience in embedded software and driver development in Polar IT 
Solutions, Bengaluru. 

 Studied in Vector Institutions advanced course in Embedded systems. 
 
 
 

 

mailto:sarath22061993@gmail.com


Projects Handled 

1. Title: Sophisticated Sign Board Power Saving System. 
Position: Developer. 

      Responsibilities: 
 Understanding the product, user requirements and system specifications. 
  Involved in day-to-day enhancement and product support for development of 

algorithms to meet real time constraints of the system. 
      Languages: Embedded C  
      IDE: Keil u vision 2 
 
2. Title: Flexible display over Dot Matrix led. 

Position: Developer. 
Responsibility: 
 Understanding the product, user requirements and system specifications. 
  Involved in day-to-day enhancement and product support for development of 

algorithms to meet real time constraints of the system. 
Languages: Embedded C  
IDE: Keil u vision 2 

 
3.  Title: µc-OS Validation. 
       Responsibility: 

 Verification of µc-OS source code with the user requirements 
 Writing different test cases for the user given requirements 
 Validation of developer given documents with code and requirements 
Language: µc-OS, C. 

 
Academic Projects 

Bluetooth robot controlling using Android device 
               Description:- 

We can control the robot by using Android mobile ie..we can send commands  from 
android mobile through Bluetooth, then the robot receives the signals, according to 
the Commands being received from the mobile based on that the direction of the 
robot is Controlled. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 



Professional Summary 

 
 Strong software development skill in Embedded C & C language 
 Good working knowledge in 8/16/32 Bit Micro-controller programming and 

interfacing. 
 System level software debugging. 
 Capable of working directly on projects in specified time limit. 
 Software development in Linux 
 Data communication using message queue and FIFO (in Linux). 
 Interface using UART, I2C, CAN. 

 
Mini Projects: 

 Implemented Client Server chat application with Half &Full duplex using Socket 
programming in Linux. 

 Implemented command for File Search in Linux. 
 Implemented “ls –l” command in. 

Personal Profile: 

  Name    :  S. Sarath 

  Date of Birth   :  22nd April 1993. 

  Languages Known  :  Telugu, English and Hindi. 
 
  Hobbies   :  Playing chess, Solving Sudoku puzzles. 
 
  Address   :  Kothapalem, 
          Gopalapatnam, 
          Visakhapatnam – 530027 
 
 

Date:                           (S.SARATH) 

 


