























1.

SONAL MEHTA
Add: 306, Vyankatesh Nagar, Airport Road, Indore

Email: sonalmehta306@gmail.com
Contact No. +91-9993493646

CAREER OBJECTIVE

To be a successful financial and accounts professional in an organization where my
personal potential can make a meaningful contribution to the organization’s success as
well as self development.

PROFESTIONAL EXPERIENCE

 Eicher Motors Ltd. (www.eicher.in)

Designation: Junior Manager
Period: From August 2016 to May 2017
Location: Pithampur (M.P)
CTC: 3.25 Lacs/ Annum
Job description:
 Maintain daily accounting on SAP.
 Maintain organized set of detailed records and files to documents of

financial transactions.
 Coordination with vendor management
 Coordinates monthly, quarterly, and annual closing activities.
 Reviews general ledger on a monthly basis to ensure accuracy of posting.
 Preparation of needed reports.
 Makes and implements recommendations to improve accounting processes and

procedures.
 Report on the status of accounts

 Perform other duties as assigned or required.

 WM Logistic India Pvt. Ltd. (wmlogistics.wm.com)

Designation: Finance Processor
Period: From April 2016 to July 2016
Location: Indore (M.P)
CTC: 2.5 Lacs/Annum
Job description:
 Maintain daily assignment as per USA process.
 Coordination with vendor management.



2.

 Proper documentations of all transactions.
 Preparation of needed reports for all payables.

 Mahima Purespun Pvt. Ltd. (Yarn and fabric Manufacturer and Exporter)

Designation: Accounts Assistant
Period: May 2012 to April 2016
Location: Pithampur, Indore (M.P)
CTC: 2.1 Lacs/Annum
Job description:
 Maintain day to day all accounting work on Tally ERP 9.0.
 Order analysis, making purchase order and invoicing.
 Preparation of export invoice.
 Coordination with dispatch and logistics department.
 Maintain stock accounts and other purchase orders.
 Proper documentations of all transactions and maintain fixed assets purchase

records.
 Responsible for daily cash records and Cash-Book.
 Preparation of needed reports for all payables, production report and other works.
 Collection of C Form and F Form.

 DCNPL Pvt. Ltd. (www.dcnpl.com)
(Business group, specialized in the areas of Infrastructure development, Transmission,
Distribution, Special Structure construction and property development.)

Designation: Accounts Assistant
Period: 16th Feb.2011 to 30th April 2012
Location: Indore (M.P)
Job description:

 Maintained day to day all accounting work on Tally ERP 9.0.
 Maintained accounting for vendors and contractor invoices and payments.
 Maintained Employees accounts and verification of expense bill.
 Maintained construction site expenses account.
 Maintained site stock accounts and fixed assets purchase, other purchase orders.
 Maintained daily Cash-Book and preparation of needed reports.

 Zoricon Pharmaceutical (P) Ltd. Indore

Designation : Accounts Executive.
Period : Jan 2008 to Jan. 2011
Location : Indore (M.P)
Job description:

 Maintained accounts on Tally ERP 9.0.
 Maintained purchase bill booking and expenses bill booking.



3.

 Handling petty cash and documentation of cash record properly.
 Managed accounts, receipts & payments record computerized and manually both.
 Maintained record of stock & making sales invoice and C-form & F-form.

EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATION

 PGDBM in IMPORT-EXPORT with 65 % from Symbiosis SCDL, Pune in 2016.
 M.COM with 75% from DAVV University, Indore in year 2010.
 B.COM with 59% from DAVV University, Indore in year 2002.
 Higher secondary (commerce) with 61% from MP Board in year 1999.

PROFESSIONAL QUALIFICATION

 Diploma in Computer application from Indore.
 Diploma in Computer Accounting (Tally 9.0) from Indore.

PERSONAL PROFILE

Date of Birth : 15th March 1980

Gender : Female

Marital Status : Single

Language Known : English, Hindi and Gujrati

Hobbies& Interests : Reading books, internet surfing, watching movies.

Sonal Mehta


