














































Resume - Work Experience


Work Experience 

Objective 

 

NEERAJ PANT  

 

+91-8800093667 

neerajpant0808@gmail.com   

 

 

 

 

To work in an organization where I can use my skills to meet business objectives as well as create value for the 

organization. 

 

 

 

 

Sify Technologies Ltd. Delhi- An Internet Service Provider Company  

 

 Network Engineer since May 2016 to Present 

 

 Responsibilities:  Customer Service Delivery 

 

 Handling Major MPLS Customers ranging from private companies to government and contracted clients of 
PAN India Network. 

 Network support over Routing Protocols / VPN / Internet / MPLS. 

 Troubleshooting of VPN & MPLS VPN Networks. 

 Managing Network performance issues, preventive measures & coordination for Access layer configuration & 
support. 

 Work on Remedy / Oracle CRM & Info desk (SIFY in-house software) for Tickets management systems.  

 Change Managements / Escalations/ SLA. 

 Handling end to end Customer Service Delivery involving activation of basic broadband services. 

 Setting out quality standards for various operational areas, ensuring a high-quality customer   
              Experience while adhering to the SLAs and work processes. 

 Attending escalations of the customers and resolving the same within the TAT. 

 Identifying RC and CAs to improve the performance. 
 

V Star Communication Pvt. Ltd. Delhi- A Telecomm Solution Partner Company  

 

RF Engineer since Jan 2015 to March 2016 

 

Responsibilities 

 
 Getting wireless feasibilities done for our customers as well as alliance partners. 

 Handling Implementations and service delivery. 

 Analyzing bandwidth & sector capacity crunches & share solution for commissioning customer link. 

 Responsible for problem management & data analysis & share service improvement plan. 

 Handling field customer support and managing the field team. 

 Handling an array of operations including end-to-end service delivery for Delhi NCR, Documentation, end to 
end Corporate Connection and MIS Preparation. 

 Ensuring the following: 100% connectivity to the customer within specified SLA. Installation of wireless 
modem/router and fiber links at base stations and customer premises. Coordinating and following up with 

different department to resolve customer complaint within the SLA. 

 

 

 

 

 



Personal Details 

Declaration  

 

                            

 

 Live debugging on the customer's environment, to resolve the network performance issues. 

 Ability to assess faults prioritises, respond and escalate accordingly.  
 Experience with switching and internet routing technologies. 

 Solid understanding of TCP/IP and OSI model. 

 

 

 B.Tech. (Electronics & Communications) from (MDU, Rohtak) in 2014 with 64.33 % marks. 

 Sr. Sec. School Examinations from (HBSE, Bhiwani) in 2010 with 70 % marks. 

 Sec. School Examinations from (HBSE, Bhiwani) in 2008 with 73.4% marks. 

 

 

 Work well in a busy team, being quick to learn and able to deal with a wide range of issues. 

 Capable of multi-tasking, good time management and prioritisation of workload. 

 Work effectively in a dynamic and changing environment. 

 Flexible and adaptable approach to problem solving. 

 Willing to learn and develop new skills. 

 Ability to work on own initiative.  
 

 

 

 Date of birth:             August 8th, 1992 

 Father’s name:           Mr. G.C. Pant 

 Linguistic Abilities:   English and Hindi 

 Postal address:           FCA-2829, SGM Nagar, Block-A, NIT, Faridabad (121001), Haryana. 

 

 

I hereby declare that the above mentioned details are true to the best of my knowledge & belief. 

 

 

                                                                                                                                                              Neeraj Pant 

                (Faridabad) 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Academic Qualifications 
 
 

Skill Set                                                                                                                                             

Strengths 
 


	NEERAJ PANT
	Objective
	Work Experience
	Skill Set
	Academic Qualifications
	Strengths
	Personal Details

