














































RESUME
Arul Selvi S
E-mail: arulselviusp@gmail.com

Mobile: +91 9840438520
JOB OBJECTIVE:
To pursue a challenging and rewarding career in application development where I can leverage my skills to grow with the company while being resourceful, innovative and flexible.

Professional Synopsis 
· Having 2 years of professional experience in Web application development, which involves core Java and J2EE.
· Having work experience on frameworks like, Struts, Servlets. 
· Front end technologies are JSP, HTML, Java Script and JQuery.
· Back end technology is SQL.
· Having thorough knowledge in Software Development Life Cycle.
· Worked in development tools such as Eclipse, RAD(Rational Application Developer).

· Hands on experience on Servers like, Tomcat, WebSphere Application Server .

· Experience in DB visualizer and Sonar Qube. 
· Good Interaction with Onsite Counterparts, Clients and other vendors.

· Excellent interpersonal, communication and organizational skills with the ability to interact effectively with colleagues at all levels.

Technical Skills

	Programming Languages 
	Java/J2EE

	Web Technologies/Libraries
	Servlets, JSP , JDBC ,Struts, Data Analysis

	Version control
	Serena Dimensions

	IDE
	Eclipse, RAD

	Platforms
	Databases (DB visualizer, MySQL), Application servers (Tomcat , WAS) , Data Analysis

	Operating Systems
	Windows Series

	Scripting Language
	Java Script, JQuery

	Domain
	Automobile


Organizational Experience
CURRENT EMPLOYER

                     DESIGNATION
                                  DURATION
CSC
(Formerly named as Dxc.Technology)   Associate professional application delivery
 Sep - 2015 -Till Date
Projects Worked

Project Client:

Fiat Chrysler Automobiles(FCA)
Client Description: 

Fiat Chrysler Automobiles, also known as FCA, is an Italian-controlled multinational corporation and currently the world’s seventh-largest auto maker headquartered in London, England. 
1. Cost System
Duration

:may 2016 – July 2016
Environment 
: Java

Frameworks Used
:Struts, JSP, Java  Script,  SQL, HTML.

Roles and Responsibilities:
· Analyzing and providing both high level and detailed level estimation and completion dates for the given software requirements.

· Develops and enhance software applications through coding and testing.

· Involves in code reviews and training

· Delivers highest quality software by creating unit test plan and testing code thoroughly.

· Adept with the tools, applications, and processes used for software development

· Implements solutions as designed in technical documentation specification and coding standards.

· Creates project documentations and coordinate technical issues.

2. Procurement(GPSIS)
Duration

:Sept 2016 – may 17
Environment 
: Java

Frameworks Used
:Servlets,  JSP, Java  Script, SQL, HTML.

Roles and Responsibilities:
· Conduct software analysis, programming, testing and debugging

· Identifying production and non-production application issues

· Transforming requirements into stipulations

· Develop, test, implement and maintain application software

· Recommend changes to improve established java application processes

· Develop technical designs for application development
Project Client:

Verizon

Client Description :

Verizon Communications otherwise known as Verizon, is an American multinational telecommunications conglomerate and a corporate component of the Dow Jones Industrial Average.

3. Chat bot Analysis 
Duration          
:  May 2017 – till date
Environment 
: Data Analysis

Roles and Responsibilities:
· Responsible for Analyzing data received from the production environment.

· Identify the fallouts and map to respective domain and intent.

· Increase the efficiency of the bot response.

· Effective understanding of User query.
· Implements exact solution technical documentation specification.

Academic Credentials

· B.Tech(Information Technology) in  RMD Engineering college, Chennai

 Passed out in 2015
· HSC



Vivekanandha Higher secondary school, Puducherry
Passed out in 2011
· SSLC 
Bhaktavatsalam Vidyasharam, Chennai
Passed out in 2009
Declaration:
I, hereby declare that the above information is true to the best of my knowledge & all necessary documents will be produced as & when required.    







Place: Chennai.








Yours Truly,


Date:
1,Dec,2017







 

   (Arul selvi S)
3

