












































CURRICULUM VITAE

NIDHI PRIYA
Email: nidhi.priya865@gmail.com                                                            Mobile: 7892386379


Career Objective:
 Seeking for challenging and interesting role for SQL Programmer in a company where my experience and knowledge can be utilized and enhanced.
Personal Strengths:

· Confident possession of communicating skills besides adaptability and quick learning.

· Capable of research and expand to new leading technologies.

· Team handling experience.

· Very flexible as a part of team and ready to accept challenges.
Professional Experience:

	Company
	Designation
	Period

	Wipro
	    Associate
	March 2017 to April 2018


Project Details – Course Cube :
	   Project Name#1
	 Health Care Management System

	   Team Size
	 2

	   Period (Duration)
	 1 month

	   Work Location
	 Course Cube, Bangalore

	  Environment
	 MySql

	   Project Description
	In this project MySql and VB were used to implement the application. Tables, forms, queries, reports and menus were created.

	    Responsibilities
	· After requirement gathering an ER-Diagram was designed.
· Entity and Attributes were listed for better understanding.
· Based on functional dependencies ER model was converted into Relational model.
· Tables, forms, queries, reports and menus were created.
· Through this System Health Care can easily update, retrieve and report information efficiently.



Project Details – GIS :

	Project Name #2
	GIS Mapping

	Team Size
	21

	Period (Duration)
	March 2017 to April 2018 

	Work Location
	RGA Tech Park, Bangalore

	Client 
	Uber

	Environment
	Client tool ( Confidential )


	Project Description
	This Project deals with checking and verifying the data input in the system. It was to check correctness, preciseness and amount of information to be uploaded. It dealt with removing the duplicate data and to check if new data entered passes all predefined parameters


	Responsibilities
	A travel cab provider was working on building its own maps on global level. We received the data from different sources. The different feeds of data were received for different regions such as USCAN, Europe, APAC, EMEA and Australia. The data feeds were divided into different domains such as Hotel, Restaurants, Airport, Rail station and Bus station. As a technical team our main objective was to fetch data and load into the database and manage the same data.  



Summary:
· I have about 1 years of experience in GIS Mapping. 
· Administered databases including backups/restores, performance monitoring, disk usage, and report gathering using MySQL & Oracle Sql. Also wrote efficient queries to make quality data for map users. Used Triggers to create backups when we were updating or deleting the data. 
· Duties included a mixture of new development and maintenance of existing code, forms and reports.
· Modified and tested PL/SQL packages and procedures for company-wide applications.

· Rewrote programs to adapt programs to new requirements.

· Customized and enhanced existing applications; Enrolled users and maintained Database security.

· Worked as SME(Subject Matter Expert) and QPOC(Quality Point of Contact) for the team for more than 6 months.
· Experience in handling a team of 20+ members in absence of any team lead for more 4 months.             

· Ability to work as an individual or an active team member.
·  Excellent communication, Quick learner and Process-Oriented, team handling experience with high customer orientation.
· Involved in Walkthrough during internship.
Technical Skills:
· Operating System             :Win 10,8.1,8.0,7, Linux
· Languages                         :Core Java
· Skills                                 :MySql, Oracle Sql, Datawarehousing, Networking
Educational Qualifications:
	Academic record
	School/

College
	Year
	Board/University
	Percentage (%)

	10th

	Yashwant High School
	2008
	BSEB
	76.2

	12th
	MDDM College
	2010
	BSEB
	64.2

	B.Tech
(Electronics & Communicatio)
	Abacus Institute of Engineering &
               Management
	2011-2015
	              W.B.U.T
	82


Personal Information:
Date of Birth                    :  03-06-1993
Contact Address              :   #44, Classic Exotica, 1st Main, 2nd Cross, BTM 2nd Stage
                                             Bangalore, 560076
Contact Number               :  +91-7892386379
E-Mail Address                :  nidhi.priya865@gmail.com
Languages
                  :  English, Hindi

I hereby declare that all the above provided information is true to my knowledge and ability.

Place: Bangalore                                                                                                              Nidhi Priya
