










































ARVIND JAIN

                


                           
Career Objective

I would like to be associated with an esteemed organisation, making myself and the organisation as a whole, reach the zenith of success, with my potential capabilities and abilities.

Work Experience                                                                                                                    

July 2012 – Till date
	Organization
	Capgemini Technology Services India Limited, Kolkata

	Current Designation
	Manager, Finance Controller


Job Description:
· Reviewing contracts and assist in bid review meetings and sign-offs 

· Responsible for accounting for the projects on Fixed Price or Time and Material basis.

· Managing the monthly revenue, cost and margins on the projects as per the signed contract.
· Responsible for monthly forecasting on the projects

· Provide periodic analysis of variances with budgets/forecast and handle queries from UK Finance on budget, variances etc
· Reporting and need based analysis of projects profitability, comparison of current v/s target performance, and provide value analysis for improving business performance

· Managing the Bought- in- cost on monthly basis and reporting it to the top management.

· Presenting the debt position on weekly basis to the stake holders and to take appropriate actions to reduce the debt position.

· Reporting the WIP/BIA position on the projects and taking the necessary action to reduce the same.

· Prepare Monthly Dashboard for the Sector, presented to the Finance Director

· Liaise with onshore team in UK for resolution for any issues on the projects.

· Successfully migrated the project accounting process from UK and after transition stabilized the same and managing a team of 10 FTE’s by periodically analyzing their performance
September 2010 – July 2012
	Organization
	Turtle Limited, Kolkata

	Designation
	Manager – Finance & Accounts


Job Description:
· Playing the lead role at the finance end in managing the data migration from Gin ERP to Oracle -EBS.

· Responsible for finalization of Balance Sheet, Profit & Loss Account, Reporting & finalization of Accounts and Co-ordination with the auditors.
· Monthly Cash Flow Statement for management to facilitate decision-making with regard to the liquidity available.
· Monitoring Account Payables on a regular basis to identify trends and anomalies, if any
· Optimizing allocation of expenditure sanctioned among the various departments after analyzing their needs. 

· Presenting variances report for actual vs. budgeted expenditure incurred to the management.
· Co-ordinating the documentation part for import and export matters, making Foreign Remittances, Import payments and related lesioning with the bank.
· MIS Reporting on Daily & Monthly Basis.
June 2009 – Aug 2010
	Organization
	Ashika Commercial Private Limited, Kolkata

	Designation
	Manager - Commercial


Job Description: 
Exposure and Experience in finalization of books of accounts, day to day controlling of accounts, co-ordination between plant and H.O., timely submission of various MIS reports, controlling and updating business functions.
Oct 2008 to May 2009 
	Organization
	Pricewaterhouse Coopers Private Limited, Kolkata

	Designation
	Consultant


Job Description: 
Exposure and Experience in preparing,  providing quality review and processing services to support Transaction Services and M & A Tax of PwC Germany, France, Italy and Netherlands.
	Area of work
	Description

	Financial, operational, commercial and tax due diligence reports
	Data validation and review of reports to identify internal and cross-consistency issues.

	Same as above


	Analysis of information available on a particular M&A transaction to identify issues and areas of concern.

	Same as above


	Draft sections of due diligence reports to present findings, with corresponding appropriate graphical representations.

	Valuation reports
	Analysis of various valuation models.

	Tax structuring reports


	Review of structuring reports to ensure that the proposed structure is the most optimized structure and that the structuring steps are logical.


Key Learning’s:

· PwC Guidelines helped me to ensure consistency of presentation and quality of services, meeting the highest standards of excellence.

· It helped me to familiarize and use current technology and tools to enhance the effectiveness of deliverables and services. 

Academic and Professional Qualifications

	 Year
	Degree/ Certificate
	Level
	Institute/ School
	%

	Nov 2007
	Chartered Accountancy
	Final
	ICAI
	50.00

	May 2005
	Chartered Accountancy
	PE-II
	ICAI
	50.10

	May 2003
	Chartered Accountancy
	PE-I
	ICAI
	55.25

	2005
	B. Com (Hons.)
	-
	Bhawanipur Education Society College, Kolkata
	69.25

	2002
	I.S.C.
	Class XII
	St. Thomas’ Church School
	84.00

	2000
	I.C.S.E.
	Class X
	St. Thomas’ Church School
	75.20


Computer Skill
· ERP – Oracle 10, 11i and R12
· Experience and knowledge on Business Objects

· Knowledge and Experience in using MS Office and MS Visio
· Completed 250 hours of computer training of ICAI.

· Well versed with accounting packages.
Extra-Curricular Activities and Achievements

· Was among the toppers throughout my schooling.

· Represented the U.K. Institutes in U.K. Education Fair in Kolkata, organized by the British Council.

· Participated in several Inter-house events and Annual Sports-meet at school level.

· Associated with several cultural activities both at school and college level.

Personal Information

  Date of Birth:               7th August 1983

  Sex / Age: 

 Male / 34 years

  Languages Known:
 Hindi, English and Bengali (Elementary)

  Address:                   
 Vivek Vihar 493/C/A, G. T. Road, Phase- V Block- 19 Flat- 2A, Howrah-2 
 

ARVIND JAIN

Contact: +91 98306 28663 

E-mail: arvindjain83@gmail.com





