










































Gaurav Dangaich
Automation QA
E-Mail: dangaichgaurav.gd@gmail.com
Mobile: 07677410796                              		  
	                                                             		

Objective

1. To provide best possible service by constantly improvising my level of expertise. 
1. To grow with organization and to develop as a person in a creative and competitive atmosphere.
1. To reach the pinnacle of success in every aspect of career and life and to utilize my technical and interpersonal skills to make work system efficient and smarter.

Professional Summary

1. 2 Years of working experience in software testing with Automation and Functional Knowledge in web-based and client-server architectures
1. Good experience in automating web based and Standalone applications with VBScript and Descriptive Programming
1. Exposure in developing Robust Data driven and Keyword driven frameworks with a view for minimizing maintenance and maximizing reuse
1. Exposure in Automation DevOps tools such as JMeter, SoapUI and Continuous Integration tool Jenkins
1.    Exposure to QTP Assets like Object Repositories, Function Libraries, Data table Object Model, Descriptive Programming, Utility Objects, Recovery Scenarios, Regular Expressions etc.
1.    Exposure in IE Pop-Up dialogue handling and Cross Browser testing using HP QTP and Selenium Web Driver
1.    Familiar with the Processes of SDLC including Testing Life Cycle (STLC).
1.    Use of GitHub for proper Version Controlling of the automated scripts. 
1.    Exposure in API automation using Fiddler tool with Robot Framework and IntelliJ. 
1.    Use of Intellij IDEA software for web application testing with selenium. 


Professional Experience
     
Have 2 Years of experience as Automation Tester in Banking and Financial Services domain. 
     Infosys Limited                                         		  June 2016 – Till Date
     Test Engineer





Educational details

	COURSE
	University/Board
	College/School
	Percentage/CGPA
	Year

	B. Tech. (Electronics and Tele-communication)
	Biju Patnaik University of Technology
	College of Engineering Bhubaneswar
	8.3 CGPA
	2016

	Class XII
	Central Board of Secondary Education
	D.A.V Public School, Koylanagar, Dhanbad
	77.8%
	2012

	Class X
	Central Board of Secondary Education
	Holy Mother’s Academy, Katras, Dhanbad
	9.2 CGPA
	2010




Technical Skills

Automation Testing Tools     Robot Framework, IntelliJ, UFT 12.0, Selenium Web Driver,ALM, JMeter, 
Web Service test tool            SOAP UI 3.6, Fiddler
Test Management Tools        JIRA
DevOps Tools			Jenkins
Programming Language        Java, VBScript
RDBMS                                    SQL Server 2008
Operating Systems                Windows98/XP/07/08/10
Internet Technologies           HTML, CSS, JAVA SCRIPT


Behavioral Skills

· Excellent analytical, problem solving, communication and interpersonal skills to manage and interact with individuals at all levels.
· Ability to interact effectively with other members of the Business Engineering, Quality Assurance team.
· Absolutely capable of working in a fast paced, dynamic, team-oriented environment.
· Strictly adhere to the quality standards and strive hard to provide 100% quality output.
· Excellent Interpersonal skills with the ability to develop cohesive working relationship with Internal and External Clients.
· Self-motivated, energetic and highly ethical in all work related assignments thus able to immediately contribute to corporate goals and objects.


Project Highlights


Project-1			: ConsultWorks Rewrite Application
Client				: Union Bank of Switzerland (UBS)
Role                			: Automation Test Engineer
Team size			: 5
Environment/Tool Used	: Robot Framework 
                                                 JIRA, MS Excel 
Programming Language       : Java, Python
Technology         		: Java    
Methodology			: Agile
       




Project description: 
Consultworks Rewrite is an application which facilitates with all the data present inside the sub-applications on the dashboard. Along with this, it had further benefits such as, better customer satisfaction, reduction in time for data collection and proper identification of clients. 

Responsibilities:
· Understanding the Application, functional specifications
· Scripting the test cases as prepared by functional team for automation
· Prioritizing the tasks based on complexity and installing IE11 and Robot Framework for project purpose for self and other team members
· Writing and scripting test cases based on keyword-driven Robot Framework
· Involved in Knowledge Management activities
· Maintaining ALM-JIRA mapping sheets for proper project tracking.
· Exposure in pop-up dialog handling in IE 
· Exposure in integrating test scripts with Jenkins
· Involved in Sanity, Functional, Regression testing
· Executing the automation scripts and reporting the failures to functional team


Project-2			: Opportunity Management Tool
Client				: Union Bank of Switzerland (UBS)
Role                			: Automation Test Engineer
Team size			: 5
Environment/Tool Used	: Selenium Web Driver using IntelliJ,  
                                                 JIRA, Github
Programming Language       : Java
Technology         		: Java    
Methodology			: Agile
         



Project description: 
Opportunity Management Tool (OMT) is an application which allows creating different opportunities for clients/customers from which they can avail various benefits for continuous and longer support with the bank. It had further benefits such as, better client offers and opportunities with different tags of clients. 

Responsibilities:
· Understanding the Application, functional specifications
· Scripting the test cases as prepared by functional team for automation
· Writing and scripting test cases based on IntelliJ IDE using Selenium WebDriver
· Keeping track of test cases in JIRA on daily basis for proper management
· Maintaining ALM-JIRA mapping sheets for proper project tracking.
· Exposure in integrating test scripts with Jenkins
· Providing estimations for automation activities and completing them within given time frame
· Executing the automation scripts and reporting the failures to functional team




Certifications, Trainings & Recognition
		
· JAVA (J2SE) certified by NIIT	
· Undergone 5 months of technical training in Infosys Campus Mysore under the following
areas viz. Introduction to Python, SQL, Java, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Selenium Web driver.
· Underwent training on QTP/UFT, Selenium and DevOps tools such as JMeter, Jenkins in Infosys Pune.
· Awarded as best team player for regular on-time deliverables in the project.
· Won certificate of recognition for outstanding performance and lasting contribution to client by "UBS- Wealth Management Americas" - QA Director, Will Lukang during Quarter townhall.

Personal Details
	
Name 			: Gaurav Dangaich
Date of Birth   	: 16 June 1994
Sex	  		: Male
Pan Card No		: Available On Request
Passport No		: Available On Request
Marital Status		: Single


I hereby declare that the particulars given above are true to the best of my knowledge and belief.



						                   GAURAV DANGAICH






