
















































		 					


	     



	         Vinod Kumar Nichanametla
                               ## INDIA ##.
           Mob   : 9505286212,9176451009
           E-Mail: vinod.nichenametla@gmail.com


Career Objective:-
	

Seeking a challenging Position in areas to contribute towards organizational success and grow along to higher levels. Willing to learn and adapt to new challenges in tune with the latest trends and be a part of the organization.

· 2.4 Years hands on programming experience in C++ Technology.
· Good knowledge on understanding and proficient in depth knowledge of OOPS.
· Performs Regular Self Evaluation for Improvement.
· An excellent problem solver, able to quickly grasp code and identify opportunities for improvements and resolution of critical issues.
· The ability to work in a fast-paced, team environment and interested to learn new technologies and emerging standards and have ability to learn quickly.
· Involved in all phases of software development life cycle.
· Followed Water fall model for software development process
 


Working as a Software Developer at HCL Technologies, Chennai, since April-2016 (relevant experience)  to till date.
 


	Skills
	Experiences
	Awareness

	Operating Systems
	 Windows, Linux
	 -

	Languages
	 C,C++,OOP’s	
	 -

	
	
	· 

	Database Software
	 
	 

	Tools

Bug Tracking Tool

DEBUGGING TOOL

Version Control Tool
	 Notepad++,  FileZilla, SVN
    
 IBM ClearQuest
   
 GDB
    
 Accurev
	 





 Education Details:



Completed M.Tech in Electrical Power systems, at Madanapalle institute of Technology and Science in 2015 with an aggregate 77%. Completed B.Tech in Electrical & Electronics Engineering, at KORM College of Engieering in 2012 with an aggregate 67%.Completed Intermediate at Sri Venkateswara Junior college in 2008 with an aggregate of 85% and done Secondary school education at Vijayavani Public school in 2006 with an aggregate of 80%.


 


	Title
	Konica Minolta

	Client
	Konica Minolta

	

Project Description
	Konica Minolta is a Japanese technology company with highly concentrated business and industrial imaging products, including copiers, laser printers, multi-functional peripherals (MFPs) and digital print systems for the production printing market.
MFP’s are the multi-functional devices where we can perform all types of copy, Scan, fax and extra features are embedded to a single device.

KM is a project where we fix defects raised by the Tester and also implement small feature request and it needs to be added in the existing platform. Complete testing has to done before delivering the fix or feature.

	Technical Language
	C++ - Constructor, Inheritance, Virtual function, Exception Handling, function overloading and overriding, Polymorphism

	Tools/OS
	GDB,  Accurev, SVN

	Time Period
	0.6year

	

Role
	· Analyze and root Cause Identification of the defect using Customer Log info.
· Defects categories are Repeatable/Non-repeatable/Intermittent.
· Implementation of fix.
· Adding Test cases and testing to verify the functionality and impact on other modules.
· Preparing BRD (Bug/Feature Resolution Document) preparation for fixed defects.
· Code Review and Check in through Accurev. 




	Title
	Konica Minolta Features Development

	Client
	Konica Minolta

	Project Description 
	
KM features is a project where the customer requests for a feature and it needs to be added in the existing platform. Based upon the feature a team or group teams need to work. The defects which are caused due to the added feature need to be addressed. Complete testing has to done before delivering the feature.

	Technical Language
	C++- Constructor, Inheritance, Virtual function,OOP’S

	Tools/OS
	GDB,  Accurev ,SVN

	Time Period
	1.6 Year

	


 Role
	· Requirement analysis.
· Designing the framework.
· Effort Estimation.
· Implementation of the feature newly.
· Adding test cases and testing the feature to verify the functionality and impact on other modules.
· Integration Testing.
· Document the detailed feature implementation.
· Code Review and check in.
· Used waterfall Model.





Responsibilities:

Responsible for designing, developing, troubleshooting and debugging.
Feature addition, Enhancement to existing product 
Responsible for Code Analysis.
Responsible for software verification of new customer requirements.
Building the source code and verify the fixes prior to the release of the fix to customer.
Understanding the code flow for project modules.
       Personal Information



Name			:	 Vinod Kumar Nichanametla
Date of Birth		:	 26-04-1990
Gender		:   	 Male
Marital Status	:	 Unmarried
Lang. Known		:           English, Hindi, Telugu 
Alternate contact	:           9505286212.
Hobbies		:	 Listening to Music, Numismatics.

 



This is to certify that the above-mentioned information is true to the best of my knowledge and belief.       

		  					                                              
Place: -	  Chennai							        	           


