









































 

 

Lathish Kumar K C 

Mobile: +91 9597323295 

Lathish.kc20391@gmail.com 
 

 

CAREER OBJECTIVE 

 

To utilize my technological skills to proactively act as a Team member, to channel my 

knowledge reinforced with innovative thoughts and inventive ideas towards the 

development of the organization and also my capabilities. 
 

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY 

 

    3 years 5 months of professional experience in design, analysis, development and 

deployment of business applications using Microsoft .NET Technologies. 

Proficient in ASP.NET, C#.NET, ASP.NET Web API, Angular JS 

Proficient in VB.Net, WCF, HTML5, JavaScript, XML, SQL Server 

Excellent troubleshooting, analytical, problem resolution, and organizational skills. 

    Dedicated hard working individual with excellent communications and interpersonal 
skills to work in an organization. 

    Exceptional abilities in project designing and management with the organizational  and 

supervisory skills to assure success. 

    Outstanding motivator and builder of teams. Works well in both team environment and 
individual assignments. Successful in meeting new technical challenges and finding   

solutions with new technologies. 
 

TECHNICAL SKILLS 

 

Microsoft Technologies ASP.NET,  MVC, WCF, Entity   Framework, WEB API 

Programming Languages VB.NET, C#.NET 

Web Technologies HTML5, XML, CSS3 

Scripting Technologies JavaScript, JQuery, AngularJS 

Development Tools Visual Studio .NET 2010/2012/2013.2015 

Framework .NET 3.5/4.0/4.5 

DBMS MS SQL Server 2008,2012 

Operating Systems Windows XP/7/8/8.1/10 

 
 

EDUCATION 

 

    Completed MCA in 2015 from Guru Nanak College with an aggregate of 82%. 

    Completed BCA in 2012 from Jaya College of arts and science with an aggregate of 
74%. 

Completed Higher Secondary education  in  March  2009  from  Government Boys 

Higher Secondary School, Uthukottai with an aggregate of 63%. 

Completed Matriculation examination in March 2007 from Kothandaraman High School, 

Uthukottai with an aggregate of 58%. 

 

 



 

WORK EXPERIENCE 

 
Working as an Programmer Analyst in Cognizant Technology Solutions, Chennai from 

Oct 2016 to till date. 

Working as an Software Engineer in Attune Technology Private Limited, Chennai from 

Feb 2015 to Oct 2016. 
 

 

PROJECTS 

 
Project #1: Digital Operations – App Fabric 

 

Date           : June 2017 to till date.                     

Team Size    : 40 

Environment : C#.NET, Asp.NET MVC, AngularJS, Web API, SQL Server 2008. 

 

Description: 

DOF product is an efficient tracking and reporting tool which captures agent’s day to 

day activities. It captures data from Assigning the job, Job status, Quality Auditing and 

Score and also it enables his supervisor to efficient track his work or reassign his 
work. It also tracks the SLA’s, Turn around time and productivity and reports metrics 

in a dashboard. 

 

Responsibilities: 

 

Contributed towards multiple roles like R&D, design, development and delivery. 

Leading and coordinating with team members for timeline delivery. 
 

 

Project #2: Live Insights 

 

Date               : Oct 2016 to June 2017 

Team Size       : 20 

Environment    :  C#.NET, Asp.NET MVC,  AngularJS,  Web  API,  Elastic  Search, 

SQL Server 2008. 

 

Description: 

 

Live insights application brings the insights in dashboard dynamically to the end 
user. This application is developed as a product which can be configured from n 

number of levels to view in the dashboard. Moreover, web analytics helps to derive 

the insights pattern and records to bring the trending curve to make the insights to 
the advanced level. 

 

Responsibilities: 

 

Contributed towards multiple roles like R&D, design, development and delivery. 

 



 

 
 

Project #3: Hospital Information System 

 

Date            : Feb 2015 to Oct 2016.  

Team Size     : 10 

Environment  : C#.NET, Asp.NET,  Java script, JQUERY, SQL Server 2008. 

 

Description: 

 

HIS is a Cloud based Hospital management application which    deals with Outpatient 

and Inpatient details. It is overall tracking system for receptionists, cashiers, doctors, 

pharmacists and administrators of the hospital. HIS is well integrated with Inventory, 
Lab data and ICD Codes. It comes with insurance providers, corporate client 

commercial rules and standard policies.   It is specialized in automated intelligence to 

restrict software misuse and human errors. 

 

Responsibilities: 

 

Contributed towards multiple roles like R&D, design, development and delivery.     

Managing and coordinating with team members for timeline delivery. 

 
PERSONAL PROFILE 

 

Date of Birth      :        20/03/1991. 

Sex                  :        Male. 

Marital Status     :        Married. 

Father's Name    :        Chengama Naidu K 

Nationality         :        Indian. 

 
I hereby declare that all the above-furnished information is true to best of my knowledge 
and belief. 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

(LATHISH KUMAR K C) 


