


















































P.HEMALATHA			
Gmail: hemal4484@gmail.com
Mobile: +91-7373486122

CAREER OBJECTIVE:
To achieve a respective and responsible position in a firm with my excellence. Sharing my professional skills and knowledge of working in a team environment with enthusiasm to achieve the organization goals.

EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATIONS:
	COURSE
	INSTITUTION
	YEAR OF PASSING
	BOARD/UNIVERSITY
	OVER ALL %

	MCA
	Vivekanandha College of Arts & Sciences for Women(autonomous).
	2015
	   Periyar University
	
80.00% (CGPA) 


	BCA
	Vivekanandha College of Arts & Sciences for Women(autonomous), 
	2012
	    Periyar University
	77%

	HSC
	Government Higher Secondary School, Rasipuram-Tamilnadu
	
2009
	
State board
	
65%

	SSLC
	Government Higher                      Secondary School, Rasipram -Tamilnadu
	
2007
	
State board
	
66%



Past pROFESSIONAL experience: MAY– 16 TO – July 17
Organization: Intelenet Global service Pvt.Ltd
Designation: 	 Admin 
Roles and Responsibilities:
· 1 year Working Experience as admin in IGSL.
· Advisor of Customer Service Executive in International HealthCare Insurance Process.
· Providing Quotation to new individual customer.
· Addition of the member and Receiving the customer needs through Email and solving their queries.
· Removal of the member from the company plan.  
Present Professional Experience:

Organization: HDB Financial Services Private Limited 
Client:		 HDFC Bank Limited
Designation:	 Junior Officer – Authorization & Risk Control Unit
Duration:	  July – 2017 to Presently Working

Roles and Responsibilities:

· Fraud trends analysfs through transaction monitoring.
· Monitoring credit, debit, prepaid and multicurrency cards transactions to identify fraud trends and report the same to curtail further activities based on the trend.
· Monitoring both online and pos transactions all over the world with HDFC cards.
· Proactively prevented fraud through effective monitoring and reporting of transactions.
· To Analyse / assess / study in detail the pattern of frauds an risk involved and take preventive & correct actions.
· Provide inputs for devising new specs for monitoring system based on emerging fraud trends.
· Reduce fraudulent transactions with cards.
· Investigation about fraudulent transactions with customer.
· Transaction cancellation mail sent to the particular merchant as well as acquiring bank to cancel the transactions.
· Then Initialise the process to block the card an reissue the new cards to the customer.
· Monitor travel plans of HNW customers to prevent lapses and ensure smooth transactions.


System Proficiency:

· Good knowledge in PRM (Proactive Risk Manager) , DCMS (Debit card management System).
· Proficient in association fraud prevention modules VRM (Visa Risk Manager), EMS (Expert Monitoring System).
· Adept in Vision Plus* (Mainframe Application)







PERSONAL TRAITS:
· Fast and Versatile learning Capabilities.
· Responsible and self motivated.
· Planning and Scheduling.
· Capable of Goodwork.


Personal profile:

Father’s Name			: Mr. M.V. PADMANABAN
Date of Birth             		: 28-7-1992
Gender                    		: Female
Language Known      		: Tamil, English, Sourashtra.
Hobbies                     	: Internet Surfing, Hearing music.                                                  
Address                    		: No: 30A, Chemmalai street,
Gandhi salai,Rasipuram				  Namakkal -637408.
Positives			: Easy Learner, Self-motivated person and hard worker.


DECLARATION:
 
I hereby declare that the above particulars furnished by me are true to the best of my knowledge and belief. 
							



							




Date:												
Place: Chennai							HEMALATHA. P

