











































Sonia Jaidka      Age : 23 Years.

Sharoni Pal
602, Nazir House, Kemps corner, Mumbai 400036
Hand-phone:  +91 9820221770; Landline:  +91 22 66372525    Email: sharonipal@gmail.com
 P R O F I L E  
Hands on professional with 16 years of extensive expertise combined with wide knowledge of business and operations. Capable of multitasking and coordinating resources effectively to enhance business efficiency and deliver sustained growth. A motivated leader who leads by example, coupled with in-depth knowledge of process and controls.                                                                                                  

P R O F E S S I O N A L    H I S T O R Y

The Royal Bank of Scotland N.V.







Jan2007 onwards
             Vice President, Strategic Initiatives & Projects - India 





Feb 2010 Onwards
Support the Business Head in coordination and implementation of all projects and strategic initiatives for the Retail Branch banking business Pan India.  Responsible for ensuring that all branches across the country function efficiently and are compliant with the process and policies. In addition to this job, also manage the Demat account servicing (depository services) for India


Principle Accountabilities
· Drive all Initiatives and Projects for RBS retail branch banking business.
· Drive and provide direction to the 31 branch banking teams across India with regards to any specific project. 
· Own the Demat servicing at a Pan India level for over 30,000 clients with an AUM of USD$ 200 million. Responsible for all interactions with the regulators/depositories and audits.
· Training and Motivating the various sales and service teams to ensure that  along with great customer service there is no compromise on processes and controls  
Vice President, Branch Sales and Service Head – Mumbai




Oct 2008 – Feb 2010
Tasked with the job of delivering financial performance along with seamless service and operational controls for the country’s 2nd largest cluster.  Manage a team of 120 employees in a matrix environment generating a revenue of USD $20miliion with a balance sheet size of USD$160million plus & AUMs of over USD$ 150 million. The job includes maximizing customer satisfaction by training, developing and motivating the team to deliver ‘Top of the Class’ service.
Vice President, Branch Manager – Mumbai (South Cluster) 




Jan 2007 – Oct 2008
Responsible for leading the growth and financial performance for the cluster.  Accomplished the bank’s mission of providing banking and wealth management solution to the mass affluent through various channels via a performing & strongly motivated team, right processes & appropriate controls to achieve the P&L of the city. Managed a balance sheet of USD $150million plus and AUM of over USD $ 125million to generate a revenue of USD 13miliion.

Principle Accountabilities:
· Drive business efficiency through robust business revenue traction &  efficient cost management

· Drive client engagement initiatives & achieve targeted “loyalty” scores across city
· Efficiently manage all the risk parameters of the Bank by achieving satisfactory audit ratings & keep operating loss to the minimum
· Training and Motivating the various sales and service teams to ensure that  along with great customer service there is no compromise on processes and controls  
Citibank N.A.









1997-Nov 2006 
Vice President, Business Unit Compliance Officer-Suvidha, India (2005-2006)
Suvidha was launched in India’s by Citibank as a bank at work platform to offer easy access to world class banking to the salaried segment using channels like ATM, bank by phone and internet. The job involved working for the Suvidha Business head and maintaining operational risk, controls and services across all locations and products. Controlled a Balance sheet of over USD $ 350 million, 5, 00,000 customers and 200 employees 

· Work closely with the business and compliance to ensure that the business revenue projections were achieved without any compromise on the controls and processes.

· Implementation of all RBI guidelines  and process

· Work in close co-ordination with the regional service team in delivering a clean audit without compromising on  superior service.
· Ensure effective client retention by utilising all available support services.
· Coordination with other units of the bank to give the customer a seamless service across channels 

· Training and development of  the employees on the banking products and policies across locations 
Assistant Vice President, Suvidha Cross Sell Manager, Mumbai (2001 – 2005) 
Was part of the team which was instrumental in growing the Suvidha business in Mumbai. Initial responsible for new client acquisition and over a period of 3 years grew to manage the balance sheet of USD $45 million. Was responsible for balance sheet growth and deeping of relationships via cross sell of asset and 3rd party products . Managed a team of 5-6 cross sell managers. Acquired high value relationships like Airtel, Publics and  Zenta
Relationship Manager – Loan against share , Mumbai ( 2000-2001)

Handled an asset portfolio of INR 4000 min consisting of large ticket broker accounts with zero delinquency. Responsible for acquiring and managing institutional /large value loans. Job involved credit appraisals and monitoring of the portfolio to ensure that there was minimum delinquency
Relationship Manger  -  Kolkata ( 1997-2000)

Responsible for the sales of Liabilities and third party distributed products across general banking and Citigold customer’s in Kolkata . Managed a Portfolio of over 200 Citigold relationships. Managed a Direct selling team to source liability business and was instrumental in sourcing some of the most profitable business for the branch..

ITC Classic Finance Ltd  








June 1995 
Credit Manager 
Was part of the centralised Credit Team instrumental in reviewing new business deals, tracking the  credit performance of existing business and monitoring NCL’s 
E D U C A T I O N A L    Q U A L I F I C A T I O N 
                MBA – S. P. Jain Institute of  Management and Research, Mumbai  : 1995


Mechanical Engineering – Manipal Institute of Technology, Manipal  : 1992

                ISC  - Frank Anthony Public School, Kolkata : 1988  

2

