































Unnati Jaiswal - Software Developer - VisualCV


Mumbai
+917587152317
unnatijaiswal1994@gmail.comUnnati JaiswalUnnati Jaiswal

Software Developer

Around 2.6 years of IT experience in Business Intelligence as BI Developer in Design, Development,
Implementation, Testing, Maintenance and deployment of database application on SQL server in
OLTP/OLAP/BI environment.

Hands on experience in building and deploying the reports by using SQL Server Reporting Services –
SSRS 2012.
Strong knowledge of T-SQL, SSRS, Reporting, and Analysis.
Worked on Microsoft SQL Server Analysis services SSAS, Microsoft SQL Server Reporting Services SSRS
and MDX for data warehouse and data mart solutions in various domains.
Knowledge in BI applications and tools involving Design, Development, and Implementation using MS
SQL Server Technologies.
Very good Experience in scheduling and deploying reports on report manager.
Experience in Data marts/cubes using SSAS and enterprise reports using SSRS utilizing version 2012 &
features.
Having experience in creating database objects such as Tables, Views, writing Stored Procedures, usage
of Triggers and Indexes to facilitate efficient Data Manipulation and Data Consistency.
Experience in report writing using SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS) and creating various types of
reports like table, matrix, Drill Down, Parameterized, Cascaded and Sub-Reports using SSRS.
Experience in error handling and debugging coding issues and troubleshoot production problems.
Experience with the full Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC).
Experienced in Data warehouse concept.
Worked on the Power BI reports & dashboards with SQL Server/Tabular SSAS source.
Excellent analytical/Communication Skills, Team Play and very much result Oriented.

March 2016 - Till DateApplication Development Analyst
Accenture 
Worked in Enterprise Asset Management module, were responsible for maintenance and enhancement of
existing and development of new requirements.

Project:

             Title: Duke Energy

             Role: MSBI Developer 

             Duration: June 2016 to till date

             Environment: SSRS, SSAS & SQL Server 2012 and higher version

Description :

     Duke Energy is a leading provider of electric power industry. Duke Energy is dedicated to identifying,
integrating and scaling up new technologies that make electricity cleaner, more reliable and a ordable.
Duke Energy has created a set of web based supply chain management solutions that directly address the
particular needs of electrical materials management departments and Supply manufacturers and
distributors. The important mission of the data warehouse project is Increase the frequency and quality of
information by providing increased levels of bene cial data to stakeholders in a more responsive way at a
predictable cost.

Key Responsibilities:

To document the business process by identifying the requirements.

SummarySummary    

Work experienceWork experience    

 https://www.visualcv.com/unnati-jaiswal

mailto:unnatijaiswal1994@gmail.com


Designed new reports and wrote technical documentation, gathered requirements, analyzed data,
developed and build SSRS reports, supported IT and business reports.
Scheduling reports using Reporting services to E-mail with an attachment in the desired format of the
report to the top management.
Created numerous ordinary to complex queries involving multi-table joins, Union, correlated sub-
queries, CTE’s and views for the diverse business requirement.
Developed a window based VB application to nd the object having an error and raise the ticket to the
respective team automatically which reduced manual effort.
Successfully completed Six Sigma Yellow belt certification.
Involved in all phases of the project (Documentation, designing, Unit testing, and Defect fixing).
Resolved production related issues in coordination with other team members.

    

             

2011 - 2015

2010 - 2011

2008 - 2009

BACHELORS
Rungta College Of Engineering and Technology, Bhilai(C.G)
Completed B.E. in Electronics and Telecommunication Engineering with CGPA of 7.7

All India Senior School Certificate Examinations
Saraswati Sishu Mandir Higher Secondary School, Chirmiri(Chhattisgarh)
Passed with an aggregate of 90.08 %.

All India Secondary School Examination
Saraswati Sishu Mandir Higher Secondary School, Chirmiri(Chhattisgarh)
Passed with an aggregate of 91.2%.

Technical:
Languages/ Software: SQL, T-SQL 

Database                     : SQL Server 2012 and higher version, Toad

Tools                             :   SSRS, SSAS, SSMS, SSDT

Operating System      : Microsoft Windows

Others::
Good communication skills, ability to work under pressure & meet
deadlines.
Ability to work independently and also in the team.
Good interpersonal skills, detail conscious, confident and
disciplined.
Adaptive and optimistic person.
Actively participated in social activities. 

EducationEducation    

SkillsSkills    

 https://www.visualcv.com/unnati-jaiswal


	Unnati Jaiswal
	Software Developer
	Summary
	Work experience
	Application Development Analyst

	Education
	BACHELORS
	All India Senior School Certificate Examinations
	All India Secondary School Examination

	Skills
	Technical:
	Others::




