












































SUMMARY:

Hariprasad.c
SAP BOBJ Consultant
Mob: +91 – 7829036742
Mail: haribobj6@gmail.com

Summary

· 6 years of experience in Business Intelligence (BOBJ Suite) with Expertise in Universe development, canned and ad-hoc Reporting and Data visualization using SAP Dashboards (Xcelsius). Worked on all versions including 3.1, 4.0, and 4.1.
· Experience in Relational database based universes. Experience in query performance optimization using various techniques in universe (Index Awareness, Aggregate Awareness).

· Experience in development of complex Web intelligence & Crystal Reports. Have skills on report formula languages and various analytical features like Filters, Ranks, Drill, Section and Breaks. 

· Experience in SAP Dashboard development and different connection types like Query Browser, QaaWS, BI Services, Live Office, and XML Data.

· Experience on BO 4.0 Explorer, and Exploration Views.
· Experience on SAP design studio.
· Working knowledge of BO Admin task like users and groups authentications and migrating reports.

· Working Knowledge of programming languages like ASP.NET, Core Java & SQL.

· Active team player and as an individual with self-motivation, fast learner and good listener.

Experience:

Current Organization: 
Capgemini Consulting India Pvt. Ltd, Bangalore –March 2015- Oct 2017
Previous organization

BDI Systems and Technologies, Bangalore – Dec 2011 –Feb 2015

Project #1:

	Client Name
	HPE – MYCOMP QUOTA

	Technologies
	SAP Business Objects 4.1 , Web Intelligence.

	Role
	BO Developer

	Duration
	Mar 2015 to till date


PROJECT: Hewlett Packard has various products across different regions, MyComp Quota and Anaplan is used for assigning Quota to Sales rep. Anaplan is a cloud based business modeling and planning platform for sales. The dashboard from Anaplan where Quota is assigned to sales rep is then populated into the MyComp application which is hub. MyComp is then used to generate the sales letter based on the data populated from the Anaplan. The sales Letter is then compared based on the Fiscal year, Half Year or Quarter Year as per the requirement.

Responsibilities:
· Worked as a BO consultant, where I am responsible for development of new universes and reports.

· Worked on Universes and reports modification based on business requirement

· Created Packages for moving Universes, reports from Dev to ITG and ITG to PRO.

· Created Joins, resolving Loops by using Aliases, Contexts.

· Checked the Integrity and exported the universes to the Repository to making resources available to the users.

· Worked on changing the source for the existing reports.

· Organized data in the reports by using Filters, Ranking and highlighted data with Alerter.

· Created reports using Web Intelligence, schedule the reports as per the business requirement.

· Worked on performance tuning of Universe and Reports.

· Created Implementation plans for moving Connections, universes, reports, user groups from ITG to PRO.

· Created adhoc reports on various universes.
Project #2:

	Client Name
	Rexam

	Technologies
	SAP Business Objects 4.1 , Web Intelligence, Bex query

	Role
	BO Developer

	Duration
	Mar 2014 to Feb 2015


PROJECT: Rexam is the largest manufacturer of plastic packaging in UK.

Responsibilities:
· Developed Eight webi reports 
· Developed the webi reports using BEX query and Universe based on the requirement with the specified look and feel.
· Created Universe through universe design tool to build the reports.
· End to end Communication with customer on daily basis.

Project #3:

	Client Name
	Emerson Electric

	Technologies
	SAP Business Objects 4.1 , SQL Server 2008, Dashboards

	Role
	BO Developer

	Duration
	Dec 2013 to Mar 2014


PROJECT: Emerson Electric is an US based company and one of the largest power equipment manufacturers. 

Developed a dashboard and couple of webi reports based on the MS SQL database server. 

Dashboard has developed through the BO 4.1 SP2 Dashboards tool and universe. 

Responsibilities:
· One of the responsible person for completion of tasks assigned by project 

Management in two member’s team from the dev to prod environment. 

· Implemented the 3-D Globe X-component for the dashboard development to show the locations of the industries. 

· Implemented the user level security in Dashboard and row level security in webi 

Report.
Project #4:

	Client Name
	Icreate Software ,Bangalore ,India  

	Technologies
	SAP Business Objects 4.0 , SQL Server 2008, Dashboards,Webi,Crystal Report,IDT

	Role
	BO Developer

	Duration
	May 2013 to Nov 2013

	
	


PROJECT: iCreate Software is banking vertical focused software company headquartered in Bangalore that Specializes in developing and marketing banking-specific enterprise software products – particularly Business intelligence and analytics solutions.
Responsibilities:
·  End to end Business Objects 4.0 Implementation.

· Understanding Report requirement and Created the Line item based View in the database.

· Created Universes, Developed Crystal reports.

· Created Webi reports and Dashboards.

· Monitoring business KPIs in Reporting & Dashboard.

· Dashboard is connecting through Query Browser.

· Tested the dashboards to determine ideal configuration for the best performance.

· Design, Development, Test, UAT and Closure

Project #5:

	Client Name
	Federal Bank ,Kerala ,India 

	Technologies
	SAP Business Objects 4.0 , Oracle ,Dashboards, Web intelligence , Explorer , IDT , Mobile BI

	Role
	BO Developer

	Duration
	Nov 2012 to Apr 2013


Project: Federal Bank is a Kerala based private Bank with 1000 Branches in Southern India. Their business intelligence landscape consists of Oracle &SAP BOBJ. The objective of the project is to implement SAP BOBJ Suits in their environment and create 5 dashboards for Collection division.
Responsibilities
· End to end Business Objects 4.0 Implementation for a Division of Federal Bank.

·  Created Universes, Developed Webi reports and Dashboards.

· Created Exploration views for the users.

· Worked in Windows AD and Security settings with team

· Monitoring business KPIs in Reporting & Dashboard.

· Dashboard is connecting through Query Browser.

· Tested the dashboards to determine ideal configuration for the best performance. 

· Integrating the Exploration views and WebI in the Ipad.

· Program Management – Managing customer expectations, Requirement Closure, Design, Development, Test, UAT and Closure.

Project #6:

	Client Name
	ZillaParishad ,Kollahpur,India

	Technologies
	SAP Business Objects XIR3.1 , Sybase,Xcelsius 2008,Web Intelligence ,UDT

	Role
	BO Developer

	Duration
	 Apr 2012 to Sep 2012


Project: ZillaParishad is a local government body at the district level in India.  Developed Attendance dashboard through dashboard design and qaaws  tool. The source for the project was Sybase and was responsible for extracting the data through universes.
Responsibilities
· Created two dashboards Attendance and Tree Census Dashboard.

· Worked on the Universe modification, did some changes on the universe for the dashboard requirement in the development and enhancement parts.

· Some of these tasks included data model development on Microsoft excel, and report design using Crystal XCelsius and QAAWS.

· Developed the webi reports based on the requirement with the specified look and feel. 

· Some of these tasks included correcting the business logic, enhancement issues related with look and feel of the reports, mathematical as well as statistical issues, issues related with report design.

 BI  TRAINING: Business Intelligence Training in BDI Systems.                     Dec 2011 to Mar 2012                                                                                                        
· Concepts of Business Intelligence and Data Warehousing. 

· Extensive training on Crystal XCelsius, Web Intelligence and Crystal Report IX for 3 months.

·  Worked on dummy projects to understand the live data extraction using LO and QAAWS. 

Professional Training:NIITResidency Road,Bangalore.                                     Mar 2011 – Oct 2011
Completed ASP.Net course.
Technical Expertise

	Areas
	Details

	Adhoc Query & Reporting Tools


	Business Objects Web Intelligence * , Crystal Reports *(2008,2011 and Enterprise).


	Metadata (Dimension) Modeling Tools
	Business Objects Universe Designer *, IDT *.

	ETL Tools
	SAP BODS 3.2/4.0 **.

	In-Memory Data Base
	SAP HANA 1.0 **.

	Enterprise Performance Management & Dash boarding Tools
	Crystal Xcelsius 2008*,Dashboards*,  QAAWS*, Live Office*

	Relational Databases
	Oracle**,SQL Server** & My SQL** 

	Programming languages
	C#.NET,VB.NET,ASP.NET

	Other exposures – Report Conversion tool, IW, Dashboards and latest releases from Business Objects.


	BO Explorer*.

SAP Design Studio **.

B.O Admin *.

Worked on SAP Business Object XI3.0, BOXI 3.1 and 4.1 Platforms.


*EXPERT – Has sound knowledge & can work with Advanced functions.

** BASIC –   Has basic Knowledge & can work with little help.
EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATION: 
Master of Computer Application from Bharathiyar University, Coimbatore, TamilNadu
Aug-- 2009
Bachelor of Science in Mathematics from Kannur University, Kerala India

June – 2006

Personal Details:

DOB

: 23-04-1985
Marital Status
: Married
Passport status
: Yes, (H 5269677) 



