












































CURRICULAM VITAE

RESUME
                                                                                                         Venkatesh Jagupilla
                                Mobile.No:+91-8125128555
               Email:jagupilla.venkatesh@gmail.com
Career Objective:
    To be responsible, committed and reliable in technical as well as challenging fields that gives scope to enhance my knowledge & skills which can be used for both organizational and personal growth. 
Educational Background:
· B. Tech in Computer Science & Engineering from Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University A.P, during 2007-2011 with 62.5%.




· Intermediate in M.P.C from State Board of Intermediate Education A P 
during 2005– 2007 with 77.8%

· S.S.C from the Board of Secondary School Education, A.P during 

2004-2005 with 58.3%
[
Technical Skills: 

.
· Language                               : C, C++, CORE JAVA.
· Database


: ORACLE (SQL, PL/SQL).
Personnel Skills: 

· Ability to handle the crunch situations, highly motivated, committed and to adapt any kind of environment.
· Involved in solving performance-related issues.
· Self learning and interested to work in a team.

Achievements: 
· School co-coordinator in S.S.C.

· I got “APPRECIATION” awarded in “iFREAK-09” held in P.V.P Siddhartha College.
Strengths: 

· Enthusiasm to work for organization achievements.

· Positive attitude.

· Quick at learning.

Extra curriculum activities:
· Student co-coordinator in B.Tech.
· I got many prizes in school and college game competition.

· Donated Blood in Blood Donation Camp held in my college.
· Given Paper Presentation in “iFREAK-08” held in P.V.P Siddhartha College 
on “DIGITAL JEWELLARY” Topic.
Project Details:
Name            : CONVERSION AND MIGRATION FOR RETAIL STORES.
Platform      : Oracle 11g.
Role              : Developer
Description: 
· The Project is categorized to various modules depend on the wrappers in the existing system. Catalog, Finance, Order Management System, and Supply chain management system are some of the modules in the project.
· In this project, maintain the employees information and products information.
· In this project sells many items like Electronics, Jewellery, and Apparels etc., and they have so many customers for their products. Since they handle all customers.
· Data stores their existing database running in oracle database with SQL scripts moving their transaction data to the Oracle database.
Personal Details:

    Name


: Venkatesh Jagupilla
    Father’s Name

: J.R.Durga Rao 
    Birth Date


: 16-09-1989.
    Sex



: Male.
    Marital Status

: Single.
    Nationality


: Indian.
    Languages Known

: English & Telugu.
    Current address                : Venkatesh Jagupilla,




   32-5,14th cross, 10th main,




   Lakkasandra extension,





   Wilson garden,

   BANGALORE-29.
Self Declaration:
                   I further declare that the above mentioned statements are true to the best of my knowledge and belief.

Place
: 
Date
:              






      (Venkatesh Jagupilla)
