














































ADITYA BANSAL 
 

Address: N-115 Sham Nagar, Delhi, India   DoB: 28th Sep1991   +918588038709    aditya91bansal@gmail.com 
 

EXPERIENCE (3.10 yrs.)  
 
Cognizant Technology Solutions                            Apr15 – Present 
 

 Proficient in understanding client’s business problems & converting them into statistical modeling projects.  
 Worked with multiple clients, understanding the client’s business & needs and providing them suitable analytical 

solutions  
 

Client Analytics Projects 

 

1) Developed Best Next Action Model for a leading U.K based bank to help their telemarketers pitch the products 

that have high probability of being purchased. Bivariate analysis to see the behavior and categorization of 

independent variables, multivariate analysis to check multicollinearity and significance among independent 

variables (Tool Used – SAS and Advanced Excel) 

 

2) Performed Market Basket Analysis to identify the products that sell together or around same time and can be 

bundled. Also helped the client in identifying which associated products can be pitched after the anchor product 

is sold to a customer. (Tool Used – R, Teradata & Advanced Excel)  
 

Skillset: Univariate and Multiple Regression, Logistic Regression, Correlation, Market basket analysis 
 

Research on Precious metals and G10 currency 
 

 Responsible for creation and valuation of portfolios based on constraints given by clients. 
 Developing YTD, QTD and Daily analysis for gold, silver, platinum movement across market using regression. 
 Regular updates on precious metals using Bloomberg, Reuters, Neo, and Google. 
 Report generation for comparison between Inflation linked Bonds and nominal bonds using Bloomberg and 

interpolation. 
 Developed Models for analyzing “Spread Widening” using Newton-Raphson check in MS-Excel.  

 Establishing a definitive framework through spreadsheet modelling to cater to the requirements of the client.  

 Process Automation using MS-Excel (VBA-Scripting). 

 
Xceedance Infotech Pvt Ltd (Undertaking of Berkshire Hathaway)                         Nov13 – Apr15 
 

 Analysis of documents received from the insured to set up premium. 

 Calculation of premium under endorsement and risk analysis. 

 Setting up of risk data tools under different periods by analysis of past losses claimed by the insured. 

 Quality check for forecast and reports generated for the prediction of future claims. 

  
 

EDUCATION 
 

Ramjas College, University of Delhi, North campus       Apr10 - Jun13 

Bachelor in Statistics (H) 

Project Undertaken  

 VaR Modelling: Modelled VaR in Excel using Parametric, Historical Simulations & Monte Carlo Simulations. 

 Regression Analysis: Worked on a project involving regression analyses for a large food giants. 

 Vital Index: Worked on population senses index 

 



N.C. Jindal Public School, New Delhi (CBSE – Board) 

SSC (XII) (84.2%)            Apr08 - Mar09 

HSC (X) (79.6%)                                               Apr06 - Mar07 

COMPUTER SKILLS 

 

 SAS, SQL, SPSS, R 

 Advanced Excel, VBA 

 Bloomberg, Reuters, Neo. 

 Microsoft SharePoint Server 2007 

PROFESSIONAL CERTIFICATION & ACHIEVEMENT  
 

 Indian Institute of Actuarial Science Qualified- CT-1(Financial Mathematics) from India & UK. 

 Enrolled and Studied for FRM (Financial Risk Manager) level 1 Exam  

 Read and given CT-3 (Prob & Stats) 

 Awarded “Game Changer” recognition Award for excellence in my work till date by Cognizant Technology Solutions. 

EXTRA CURRICULAR ACTIVITIES AND INTERESTS 
 

 Organized mock IPL Bidding in Annual statistical festival at Ramjas College, University of Delhi 

 Participated and won the Second Position in “The Incredible Hunt”, a contest organized at Ramjas College 

 Participated in various quizzes, paper presentations and painting competitions  

 Interests : Cricket, Travelling, Reading Fiction, Food, Movies 


