














































 

Deepaklal Bhaskaran 

Contact: 9629298800                 Email: deepaklal.b@gmail.com 

Self-motivated professional seeking a challenging career by harping on the competencies developed over 

the years and eagerly willing to develop the skill sets required for exhibiting excellence in the chosen field of 

finance with zeal to succeed. 

Educational qualifications        

 The Institute of Cost Accountants of India. 

CMA Intermediate - Dec 2013 

 Kamaraj College, Tuticorin - MS University. 

Graduate in Bachelor of Commerce -2011 - 65% 

 Karapettai Nadar Hr. Sec. School, Tuticorin, Tamil Nadu. 

HSC (2008) - 48%  

 St Lasalle Hr. Sec. School, Tuticorin, Tamil Nadu. 

SSLC (2006) - 60%. 

Organizational Experience 

Since May 2017 with Accenture Solutions Private Limited as a Finance Analyst  

Responsibilities: 

 Journal entries: preparing and processing of journal voucher for accruals, reclassification and 

rectifications. 

 Intercompany reconciliation. 

 Monthly compensation analysis and comments or reservations for variance. 

 Recharges - cost transfer and revenue transfer processing through a separate tool. 

 Revenue reconciliation and revenue analysis for month on month variance and posting a reason for the 

same. 

 Monthly P&L analysis based on accruals and reclassifications performed. 

 P&L month on month variance analysis and commenting the reason for variance. 

 Preparation of BSN (Balance Sheet Notes) monthly basis. 

 

Achievements: 

 Received best performer award from Accenture for supporting colleagues in process as well as non-

process activities. 

 Received best performer award from client side for 100% quality in deliverables. 

 Nominated as a trainer for new joiners by manager.  

 Supporting the management in terms of automations. From giving the inputs required for automation, 

helping resources to use the automation tool and consolidating the output and results. 

 



 

 

April 2014 - May 2015 with M/s Greenstar Fertilizers Ltd - SPIC House (One of the leading petrochemical 

manufacturing companies in the country.) as a Finance Trainee. 

Trained areas: 

 Treasury management and payments. 

 Maintaining all regional Imp-rest A/c. 

 Generating invoices for service provided and follow up towards receivables. 

 Handled handling & transportation and Ware house bills, preparing month end report for said so. 

 Transport subsidy monthly reporting. 

 Scrap sales Accounting & Reconciliation according to Sale Order. 

 Spic Agricultural Services Unit (SAS) accounts maintenance and monthly reconciliation. 

 Assisted and reviewed various accounts, Corrected any errors. 

 Assigned especially towards year end process for finalizing the schedules and liaise with 

auditor to finalize the schedules. 

 

Computer Knowledge  

 Conversant in MS Excel. 

 Accustomed to working in a Computerized LAN enabled Environment. 

 Well trained in system assembling – Self Skill. 

 

Skills  

 Art: District and zonal level drawing competition winner, zonal level collage art competition winner and 

district level pencil sketch winner. 

 

Personal Details 

Data of Birth  : 15th September 1990. 

Languages Known : Tamil and English. 


