

















Sneha S

Sneha S.Phalke,
3/5,Sharma Punjabi chawl, Ganesh Nagar,
Santacruz (East),
Mumbai-400029,
sneha.phalke@gmail.com
                 			

  
       Career Objective:

It is my desire to work with an organization which can help me grow professionally as well as in personal front, along with the growth of the organization.


       Educational Qualifications:
		
No.
Examination
Year         
Board/University
Grade
1.
T.Y.B.Sc(I.T.)
2011
Mumbai University
1st class
2.
HSC
2008
Mumbai University
1st class
3.
SSC
2006
Mumbai University
1st class





Project:I have use front-end as Visual Basic 6.0 and back-end as SQL.I have done my project on Movie Ticket Booking System.It was done automated.Customers will come and booked the tickets and seats they want.They will look at the software and identify which seat is available and comfortable for them.Customers order  the snacks while they booked tickects so that snacks were provided at their place.Tickets were printed automatically by clicking on print button.This was how I made the project with my team members.  













Certification: Software Testing from Seed InfoTech.

Testing:Testing is based on two concepts:Manual testing and Automation Testing.In Manual testing we have to do everything manualy.We have to just read the SRS and identify the bugs in it and correct the bugs and write it manualy.In Automation testing everything is done automated.In this we don’t have to write anything.we have to use various tools in automation.The tools are Buzilla,QTP,QC.


      Technical Knowledge:

Programming Languages: C, C++, VB6, C#, Java(Core & Advanced)
Databases: MS-SQL Server– 2000
	Testing skills: Manual Testing, Automation Testing

      Strengths:

	Challenges & Obstacles bring out the best in me.

Capacity to initiate and organize. 
Strong inter-personal relationship.
Positive Attitude.

      Hobbies:

Reading, listening to music, playing throwball
      Personal Details :

Email-ID 		: sneha.phalke@gmail.com

Contact No.		: +919773957229

Date of Birth	: 11th Feb 1991

Gender		: Female

Nationality		: Indian

Languages known	: English, Hindi, Marathi

            

	Declaration:

I hereby declare that all the information mentioned above is true as per best of my knowledge.

Place: Mumbai	
Date:    /   /2011	     Signature

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   (Sneha S.Phalke)                                                                                                    




