














































Paramaguru.B E-mail : paramaguru3@gmail.com 
   

 

Mob no : 9489508329 
Alt    no :  9003169537 
 

 

Career objective: 
 

Design and develop efficient and intuitive user interfaces for web & windows applications 

while continuing to learn and expand my knowledge of emerging Microsoft technologies. 

 
 

 

Career Summary: 
 

➢ Having 3 years of experience in creating Efficient Web & Windows application for clients. 
 

➢ Developed Web applications using Bootstrap and Marko Framework. 
 

➢ Developed Windows application using Visual Studio 2015 Version 4.5 in ASP.NET 

Framework 
 

➢ Strong Knowledge in Windows Form Design and Developing Web Design using Bootstrap in 

ASP.NET Pages,MVC,WCF,WPF. 
 

➢ Worked on CITI ATM applications & experience in handling various vendor like 

(NCR,Diebold,Hyosung) through KAL which handles various transaction like Cash 

Withdrawal,Cash Deposit, Pin Change,Standard Transfer,Account Details,Account Summary etc. 
 
 
 
 
 
Roles & Responsibility: 

 

➢ Design and Develop Window & Web applications sites.. 
 

➢ Done POC in Bootstrap using HTML5 CSS3 & Marko templates in Node js to create the 

same application for web as done in windows applications 
 

➢ Designing New images in Photoshop for Web & Windows application 
 

➢ Identifying Errors in UI and Correcting them. 
 

➢ Handling Hosting environments,Mail creation & configuration for clients . 
 

➢ Creating Social Links to client websites in Facebook & Twitter. 

mailto:paramaguru3@gmail.com


Technical Experience :   

Designing Languages : HTML5, CSS3 , Javascript,Jquery,Node JS. 

Web-App Frameworks : ASP.NET,, Bootstrap,Marko. 

Programming Languages : C#. 

DataBase Language : SQL Server 2008 

IDE Worked on : Visual Studio 2015. 

Version : 4.5 

Domain : Insurance & ATM Application. 
 
 
 

Achievements: 
 

➢ Done a Complete windows & web application for Product Based Company. 
 
Course Done: 
 

➢ Diploma in .Net done at NIIT, Nungambakkam. 
 

Employee: 
 

➢ Working as a Web Designer in Kuberan Software Pvt .Ltd from 2013 - 2015. 
 

➢ Working as a Software Engineer in SimpleSolve Technologies from 2016 - July 2017 
 

➢ Working as a Software Developer,TATA Consultancy Services from Oct 2017 to till Date. 
 
 
 
Projects Done :  
           
   Organization : Tata Consultancy Services Since Oct 2017. 
 
             Project : CitiAtm  
           
                Client  : CitiBank 
 
              Role  : Software Developer 
 
   Tools/Language : C#,  .Net Framework 4.5. 
 
 
Project Description : 
 
                   This Product is used to work on “CitiAtm” through Citi application for their various business 

customers across the world. This application mainly with the help of  KAL as the main source for the 

ATM application for withdrawing, deposit cash in the ATM. 

 



 
 
 
 
          Organization : Simple Solve Technologies Since Oct 2016. 
 
             Project : Simple Insurance  
           
                Client  : GEICO 
 
              Role  : Software Developer 
 
   Tools/Language : C#,  .Net Framework 4.5,MS-SQL 2008. 
 
Project Description : 
 
                               This product SimpleInsure involves to maintaining the details of boats and process 

insurance to the concern clients for our client GEICO. We are focusing the coverage mainly for Boats, 

there are different types of boats available such as pleasure, yachts etc. The system SimpleInsure works 

for both own boats and rental boats.  

 

 

          Organization  : Kuberan Software  Since Dec 2013. 
 
             Project  : Web Designing  
           
                Client   : Gatewaymnc(Consultacny),MADCH(Dental College) 
 
              Role   : Software Engineer 
 
           Framework  : WordPresss,Drupal,Prestashop  
 
           Language  :           Html5,Css3,Javascript,Jquery. 
 
  
Project Description : 
 

                             This is Company is a Service Based Company we work for the clients for Designing 

and Developing the Website for their business needs either Static or Dynamic Websites. The website we 

developed are used for Colleges, Consultancy also we develop the online E-Commerce websites for  some 

of the fruit shop business. 

                              We need to take care of all the things for the customers like Web Hosting Services, 

Data base Management, Interacting with client for Client support in Content management in the Website 

worked all the types of frameworks in the Design Portion. 

 
    



Personal Traits : 
 

➢ Exceptional presentation and interpersonal skills. 
 

➢ Innovative thinker and eager to try new things. 
 

➢ Efficient in communicating well in written and verbal both. 
 

➢ Able to handle pressure. 
 

 

Educational Qualifications: 
 

 

Course Institution Year of Passing Percentage 
    

B,Tech(c.s.e) Prist University 2012 70 
    

12th Schwartz matric.hr.sec school 2008 57 
    

10th Schwartz matric hr,sec school 2006 66 
     

 

Personal Details :   

Father Name : K.Balakrishnan 

Date of Birth : 21.02.1990 

Nationality : Indian. 

Languages Known : Tamil, English 

Marital Status : Unmarried 

Permanent Address : 18,Kavarayar Street, 

  Vellipatinam post, 

  Ramanathapuram-623504. 

Hobbies :   Cricket, chess,volley ball, Listening Music&,Reading books. 
 

 

Declaration 
 

I hereby declare that the above mention particulars are true to the best of my knowledge. 
 
 

 

PLACE : 

DATE  : (B. PARAMAGURU) 



 


