
















































Sneha Khedikar


Email:- Sneha.khk@gmail.com                                                       Flat No.109 Wing1,Rajat Enclave
Mobile.No.:-8149067239 // 9325894865                                       Buld. Zingabai Takli, Nagpur.                                                         
                                                                              PIN -440030, State: Maharashtra                                                                                                                                              
                  
	Career Objective	

	To be associated with a progressive organization which can provide me with a dynamic work sphere to extract my inherent skills as a Professional, use and develop my aptitude to further the organization’s objectives and also attain my career targets in the progress.


                                                               
	Work Experience	



·  HR & Admin Executive at ABN Corp Nagpur. [July 2017 - July 2018]
         Job Profile:-

· Recruitment:-Resourcing, screening and short listing resumes through various job portals e.g. (Indeed.com, Quickr.com, Freshersworld.com, Aassanjobs.com etc). Short listing the resumes based on the job requirement and arranging the face to face interview. Preparing offer/appointment letter, employment contract and job descriptions, completing joining Formalities and documentation.

· Training & Development: - Identification of training needs and arranging the training for newly hired employees and taking the feedback from particular Functional Head under which training had done.

· HR Administration:-
1. Maintaining employee’s personal files and records, communicating HR policies across the organization at all level of management.
2. Designed Policies and Various HR Forms and Induction Program.
3. Tracking biometrics attendance, maintaining leave records, issue letters, etc.
4. Preparation of full and final settlement.
5. Generation of Relieving Letters, Experience Letters.
6. Preparing various letters like offer letter, appointment letter, warning letter, showcase notice, etc.
7. Maintaining Advance & Expense voucher file of office.
8. Check & verify all expense bills against the advance voucher paid.
9. Handling the office cash & keeping all expense records.
10. Maintaining office Cashbook, Receipt & payment entries in Google Drive and generating the every month’s record in hard copy. . 
11. Preparing every month’s salary sheet of Employees.
12. Handling the team of 12-15 employees.

· Employee Engagement: - Celebrations – Diwali Festival, New Year, Employee’s Birthday and other company events. 

· Process Coordinator at Premier India Enterprise Nagpur.[Oct 2016 - Jan 2017]
            Job Profile:-

·  Responsible for monitoring each and every activity of employees and reporting to the Directors on daily basis. 
· Creating flowcharts for every separate process and converted into Flowchart Monitoring sheets (FMS) in Excel and after final approval received from directors uploaded to Google drive.
· Follow up with the Sales Coordinators, Sales Executives, Service Engineers and Accountant for updating Flow Chart monitoring Sheets (FMS) or Checklists on daily basis. Also resolve their queries or issues related to FMS and Checklists. 
· Check and verify checklists and templates for every quotation sent by Sales dept.
· Maintaining various checklists as per requirements (e.g. A/C checklist for A/C dept.)
· Coordinating with the team members to work together to accomplish tasks.
· Making Decisions and Solving Problems - Analyzing information and evaluating results to choose the best solution and solve problems.
· Responding the mails.
· Handling the team of 15 -20 employees.
· 6 months Internship + Live Project training in java from AppnetGroup Nagpur.
[Jan 2014 - June 2014]


	Educational Qualification	

	Course
	School/College
	University/Board
	Year Of Passing
	Percentage
	Grade

	MCA

	Kamla Nehru Mahavidyalaya, Nagpur. 
	Nagpur
	2014
	64.78%
	I

	B.COM (COMP. APPLICATION)

	Dhanwate National
College, Nagpur. 
	Nagpur
	2010
	61%


	I

	HSC
	   Santaji    Mahavidyalaya,Nagpur
	Pune 
	FEB-2007
	56.83%
	II

	SSC
	Govt.G.H.S.School Sausar
Chhindwara(M.P).
	M.P.
	March- 2005
	69.40%
	I


                                                               
	Computer Skills	


Software proficiency:-  
Programming Languages:- C, C++, C#.NET, Core and Advance Java.
Web Technology: HTML, CSS, Java Script, Servlet and JSP.
Database: ORACLE 8i, MYSQL and MS Access.
Operating system: Win98/Win XP/Win 7/Win 8/Win 10.
Knowledge   of   : Eclips,Tally7.2/9.0
                                                              
	Soft Skills	



· Ability to learn fast and implement. 
· Good Leadership skills as well as good team player.
· Effective Communicator. 
· Result oriented. 
· Hard worker. 
· Self Dependent.
· Good decision Maker.

	Academic Projects	



· Restaurant And Foodies Software (Java)
·  Student Placement Info(C#.Net), 
· One Window Booking System (Java), 
· The Computer Dictionary (Html).

	Achievements	



· Won the 1st prize in the collegiate English language competition during Graduation.
· Got Career Oriented ADD-ON Certificate Course under UGC Scheme titled Insurance and Risk Management during graduation.
· Won the 1st prize in the Science Exhibition during HSC.
· Won the 2nd prize in the written competition of National song of India “Vande Mataram” during school.

	Extra Curricular Activities	



· Active participation on School level scout & guide camps.
· Active participation on School/College annual function.
	Other Information	



· I am conversant with English, Hindi, and Marathi. 
· My hobbies include Netsurfing, Listening music, Reading Paper (sometimes), Playing Badminton, Watching T.V.
	Personal Profile



Name                               : Miss. Sneha Khedikar
Father Name                    : Mr. Rajendra Khedikar
Mother Name                 : Mrs. Pramila Khedikar
Date Of Birth                  : 18-nov-1989
Gender                            : Female
Marital status                   : Single  
Language Known            : English, Hindi, Marathi.

Declaration:- I hereby declare that the above furnished details are true and correct to the best of my knowledge.


Place: Nagpur                                                                                                   
Date :                                                                                                                   (Sneha Khedikar)
                          





