







































Resume of Aparna.B.V.D


B V D Aparna
H.No: 10-1-602/401, Nehru Nagar,
West Marredpally, Secunderabad, TS, 
India-500026, Mobile: +919959629874
                                                                            Email: yvdaparna@gmail.com
Career Objective


To make a significant contribution in the ever-expanding world of Information Technology with a highly competitive and reputed organization where my skills, potential and analytical skill can be put to use in stimulating and enhancing the teamwork.

Organization Profile 

ADP Solutions is engaged in American provider of business outsourcing solutions works for various clients. The Company’s operations predominantly relate to providing technology services globally. It operates in payroll processing, human resource, tax and benefits administration solutions.

Professional Experience 

4 years 10 month of working experience in BPO industry in Implementation and Employ forms.
	Experience in BPO industry with core skills in the following areas :-

	For past 58 months working for ADP Prvate Limited,Hyderabad,

Key Objectives:

· Auditing the legal documents which are mandatory for the employees in USA as part of Employ forms.

· Administer clients in ADP Tools for Payroll Processing.
· Assess Risk factors, analyze client requirements, assess

             Scalability of the client requirements.

· Mapping clients’ requirements and implementing processes in line with pre-set guidelines.
· Performing quality audits for the team and ensuring the overall quality standards are met.
· Providing support to other team’s on resolving issues, identifying better service techniques.
· Constantly work towards improving Quality Scores.
· Process cases in a timely manner to achieve agreed productivity and quality targets (as amended or notified from time to time) on all the tasks worked. When pre-authorized and requested, work additional hours to meet peak volumes.
· Remain up to date on the Process Updates and ensure 100% Quality
· Actively support team and proactively promote ADP family ethos.
· Got awarded many times maintaining 100% Quality and Productivity. Also been awarded as best associate of the quarter.

· Got promoted as Senior Process Associate.


Technical Skills 

	Operating System
	Windows XP

	Software Applications
	Enterprise Version 4 (EV4), Mainframes, Excel


Academic & Technical Qualifications:

M.B.A with Specialization in Finance from Pondicherry University in June 2013.
B.Com with Specialization in Computers from Osmania University, HYDERABAD, (A.P), INDIA in March 2011
Diploma in Karnatic Music from Telugu University, A.P in 2013 

Currently pursuing M.A in Karnatic Music from Tirupati University, A.P in 2015

Personal Details:
Husband’s Name     
: Venkatachalapathy. B

Date of Birth

: Dec 8th 1990
Gender                 
: Female

Nationality

: Indian

Marital Status

: Married

Languages          
: English, Hindi, Telugu.

I do here by declare that the particulars of information mentioned and the facts stated here in above are true, correct and complete to the best of my knowledge and belief.
Date:


                                                           (B.V.D. Aparna)

Place:  Hyderabad                                      




 



 Page 1 of 3

