














































K.Hanumantha Rao 
Web Designer 

 
Email: hanichowdary6@gmail.com                                                                            Contact No: +91 9640154500

 
 
 

Intend to build a career with leading corporate of hi-tech environment with committed & 
Dedicated people, which will help me to explore myself fully and realize my potential. Willing to 
work as a key player in challenging & creative environments. 
Extensive experience in developing HTML web Internet and Intranet applications using HTML5, 
CSS3, JavaScript, Bootstrap and Photoshop, Illustrator. 
 

Highlights 

 
• I have 3+ years of experience in designing the front-end applications, user interactive 

(UI) web pages. 
• By following SEO methods developing websites using Web based technologies like 

Photoshop, HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap, Media queries, JavaScript, AJAX, JSON and jQuery. 
• Programming skills in developing web applications and ability to work in a team 

environment. 
• Involved in responsive web development. 
• Identify and troubleshoot UI problems (e.g. responsiveness) 
• Responsible for checking cross browser compatibility. 
• Have good knowledge on creating responsive e-mail templates for Email marketing 

(MailChamp). 
• Ability to learn, and apply latest technologies to design web & mobile UI to increase 

business prospects. 
• Good knowledge in current web trends such as AMP design. 
• Keeping up-to-date with recent technological to develop WebPages. 
• Participated with end users and business analyst to understand the business 

requirements. 
• Ability to work in fast paced environment. 
• Creative thinking and time management. 
• Creating products that are user-friendly, effective and appealing. 
• Designing promotional banners and creative material 
• Having the knowledge on On-page SEO optimizations. 
• Having the knowledge on Word press (Installing, Setup, and Customizing). 

 
 

 
 

mailto:hanichowdary6@gmail.com


SKILL SET 
 

 Designing / Animation Tools: Adobe Photoshop, Adobe Illustrator, and Wondershare 
Filmora. 

 Markup & Scripting: HTML5, CSS2 | CSS3, Java Script, AJAX, JSON, Bootstrap, jQuery. 

 Development Tools: Adobe Dream weaver, Sublime Text, Notepad++. 

 Firebug, Web Developer, Webmaster tools. 

 CMS: Word Press, Blogger. 

 Packages: MS Office Excel, Power Point, Word. 

 Creating & Editing Videos Using Various Tools for YouTube after introducing Text, 
Sound, & Animation. 

 
 
 

WORK EXPERIENCE 

 
Web Designer 
Guduris IT Solutions Pvt Ltd - Hyderabad, Telangana. 
February 2015 to Present 
 

Projects in Detail: 
 

1. Project Name: Sitaphal.com 
 
Project Description: 
Sitaphal.com, a loyalty reward portal which addresses the entire shopping needs for online 
shoppers such as providing exclusive discount coupons, promo codes, Voucher, etc., with extra 
Sitaphal cashback. It’s affiliated with India’s 1000+ most trusted e-tailors such as Flipkart, 
Myntra, Nearbuy, Amazon, Ebay, Snapdeal, Makemytrip, Oyoroom, etc. 
 
Responsibilities: 
 

 Designed the front-end web static pages like content pages, deals pages using HTML , 
CSS style. 

 Designed responsive web pages using Bootstrap framework. 

 Used JavaScript and jQuery plug in to achieve different functions and form validation. 

 Created forms to collect and validate the data from the user in HTML and JavaScript. 

 Designed demo mockups for team. 
 
 
 
 



2. Project Name: Townvasi.com 
 
Project Description: 
It is a search engine to find residential/commercial rental properties within in India. The basic 
aim of this web application is to skip the role of property agents and make ease of finding 
residential/commercial rental properties as well as tenants and team-ups to users of their 
choice. 
 
Responsibilities: 
 

 Designed user interface products using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. 

 Implemented table-less layouts and cross-browser compatible solutions, with attention 
to accessibility. 

 Designed user interactive web pages using web technologies like HTML, CSS, JavaScript, 
and jQuery. 

 Work as a team member of developing cross-browser compatible and standards-
compliant CSS based page layouts. 

 Involved in troubleshooting of Front End issues with the div based layout. 
 

3. Project Name: Rechargewalletoffers.com 
 
Project Description: 
It is an informational website. Which gives information about recharge offers and 
Entertainment offers like Movies, Ticket Bookings on several websites/wallets like Paytm, 
PhonPe, and Freecharge. 
 
Responsibilities: 
 

 Designed this website using Wordpress theme and made UI changes using HTML, CSS. 
 

4. Project Name: blog.sitaphal.com 
 
Project Description: 
It is a website which publishes the press release, latest Electronic products information, and also 
publishes some helpful content to users. 
 
Responsibilities: 
 

 Designed this website using Wordpress theme and made UI changes using HTML, CSS. 
 

 
 
 



 

EDUCATION 

 
M.B.A - Hyderabad, Telangana.  
2012 to 2014 
 
B.sc - Guntur, Andhra Pradesh. 
2009 to 2012 

Intermediate - Visakhapatnam, Andhra Pradesh. 

2007 to 2009 

S.S.C - Addanki, Andhra Pradesh. 

2007 

 

PERSONAL DETAILS 

 

 Father’s Name        :  K. Subba Rao 

 Date Of Birth         :  July 1
st 

, 1992 

 Marital Status        :  Unmarried 

 Nationality             :  Indian 

 Languages Known  :  Telugu and English 

 


