














































	ARPITA SRIVASTAVA



	Mobile No: +91-9146030427, +91-9901351559.
srivastava.arpita14@gmail.com

	

	Objective

	



	To constantly work in a challenging environment on cutting edge technologies and experience in a rapidly changing field and to contribute meaningfully towards the organizational and personal growth.

	Summary

	








	
· 3.5 years of experience in IT industry using various Programming Languages and Technologies like BI, java.
· Has good knowledge in SQL. 
· Have experience in designing and developing ETL solutions using Informatica and MSBI stack.
· Experience of working in Software development life cycle involving designing, development, documentation and testing.
· Have developed and maintained mappings/workflows to load the data from different databases, Flat files etc. using Informatica and Creation of Reports and Dashboards using Cognos during training.
· Good work ethics with excellent communication and interpersonal skills.
· Capable to delve into the new leading Technologies.
· Ability to work well in both a team environment and individual environment.
· Excellent communication and co-ordination Skills.
· Ability to make decision and solve problem.
· Participate in meetings, events and conference when required.

	Technical Skills 

	
	ETL
	Informatica ,SSIS

	Reporting
	Cognos ,SSRS,Proclarity

	Analytics
	Exposure to SSAS Cubes

	Language Proficiency 
	  JAVA,HTML

	Operating System 
	UNIX ,Windows

	Database
	SQL Server






	Work Experience

	

	     Currently working with Infosys Ltd.(Pune) as Senior System Engineer from November 2014.
     Previously worked in Think and Learn Pvt. Ltd (Byju’s) as a Creative Associate.




	 Handled Projects 

	
	  Client: Microsoft
  Application : Enterprise monthly Reporting

	  Technologies  Used
	  SQL Server, SSIS, Excel Reporting, Power BI

	Role
	Enhancement and Development

	Contributions
	Support and maintain the ETL’s and DataMart used to derive the key metrics for the EMR cube.
Manage and Refresh cube during Plan & Forecast lifecycle. Ensure adhoc requests of line item forecast files are loaded.






Description: Enterprise Monthly Reporting is a track where we need to maintain and Support the EMR cube used by finance team for their day to day Operations and for monthly Financial Reporting. In this track we need to support and maintain the ETL’s and DataMart used to derive the key metrics for the EMR cube. The EMR cube is refreshed from multiple sources. Data from this sources are populated to staging tables through automated jobs. And then from staging tables data is integrated to data mart to derive dimension and facts required for the cube.






	  Client: Reckitt Benckiser 
  Application : Daily Sales Global Application

	  Technologies  Used
	  SQL Server, SSIS, SSAS

	Role
	Provide ongoing application support

	Contributions
	Data discrepancy issues, daily data loads into cubes, Month-end changes and month-end loads and provided training to peers.




Description:   Provide full lifecycle support to clients from initial client interaction to the requirements analysis. Creating data sets to retrieve data from JDE using various SQL queries and configuring user 
account, setting up scheduled task and transferring data to the databases through Enterprise 
 Manager are few of the tasks. Exposure to cubes and analytics. Resolving tickets/Service Requests
pertaining to application.       




	
	Achievements and Courses
	

	




	· Completed Infosys Foundation Program in Mysore in JAVA, SQL, BI (Business Intelligence) from Nov’14 till Mar’15.
· Completed Object Oriented Programming using C++ certification by NIIT.
· Attended and won a workshop on SIXTH SENSE ROBOTICS.
· Attended National Conference on Advanced Computing Techniques in Science & Technology.
· Organized various college cultural and Technical events working as a CORE member.


	· 

	Academic Credentials
	

	
	Degree
	Year
	College/University
	Percentage

	B.Tech (EEE)

	2013
	U.C.E.R (Uttar Pradesh Technical University)
	69.66%

	XII
	2009
	Woodbine Gardenia School, Kanpur (C.B.S.E)
	78%

	X
	2007
	Dr.V.S.E.C, Kanpur(I.C.S.E)
	81.2%




	

	Personal Information
	

	
	Name:	Arpita Srivastava
Sex:	Female
Father’s Name:	Mr. Anuj Srivastava
Date of Birth:	01, Apr,1991
Languages Known:	English, Hindi
Permanent Address:	117/Q/15-F, Sharda Nagar,Kanpur(UTTAR PRADESH)-208025

	

	Declaration
	



I hereby declare that the above mentioned information is true to best of my knowledge.


	PUNE
	

	August 2017
	Arpita Srivastava









