














































POOJA C CHINIWALAR  

Mobile: +91 7760208577, Mumbai  

Email: poojacchiniwalar@gmail.com  

 

 

EXPERIENCE SUMMARY  

 Human Resource professional with 1+ years of experience in driving HR strategy to execution with 

proficiency in designing HR Initiatives, HR Transformation, HR Operations, Employee Engagement and 

recognition, Talent Acquisition, RPO Management and BU Mapping.  

 Previously was working as an HR Consultant in Accolite Software Pvt. Ltd. and looking for an 

opportunity which can let me leverage my knowledge, skills and prior experience in corporate sector to 

contribute towards organization as well as personal development.  

 Experience as an HR Intern at Larsen & Toubro Ltd., Construction Water, Smart World & 

Communication IC, Bangalore  

 PGDM from a premier B-School SDMIMD with dual specialization in Human Resources and Systems.  

 An effective communicator with excellent analytical, logical skills and an ability to relate to people at 

any level of business to accomplish defined revenue and business targets.  

 

 

PRPFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE  

Organization: Accolite Software Pvt. Ltd., Bangalore     June 2016 – August 2017  

Job Profile: HR Consultant  

HR Transformation/Initiatives  

 

 Worked closely with the leadership team and was responsible to implement Accolite’s KWS (Keep 

Warm Strategy) to increase the potential Joinees.  

 Member of a core team of RPI (Recruitment Process Initiative) designing and implementing to attain a 

centralized recruitment process.  

 

HR Operation 

 

 Onboarding new employees: Induction, Employee ID Creation, explaining compensation breakup to 

associates during induction program.  

 Joining Intimations and Confirmations  

 Co-ordinating with the vendors for BGC reports  

 

 



 

Talent Acquisition 

 

 Worked closely with Business Unit Heads for Resource Requirement Planning.  

 Accountable for recruitment as per staffing budget, timelines to close vacancies and hire source mix.  

 Employs sourcing techniques like E-Channels (Career Page, LinkedIn, IIM Jobs, Naukri), Employee 

Referrals, Internal Job Watch and Consultants  

 Overseeing the Employee Referral Program and working to increase rate of referral hires.  

 Managed the recruitment process and life-cycle, including initial assessments, interviews, and offers  

 Managed end-to end hiring of interns for Summer Internship Programs 

 

Channel Management  

 

 Successfully Managed an RPO (Recruitment process outsource) for the organization to extract 

maximum hiring numbers.  

 Client management, vendor empanelment and processing vendor invoices for payments 

 

Organization: SDMIMD, Mysore        April 2016 – June 2016  

Job Profile: Management Trainee  

 Handling accreditation process for the institution – ACBSP and EFMD (EPAS)  

 Managing documents and reports required for the process 

 Created and Managed templates and checklist to smoothen the process. 

 

Organization: Larsen & Toubro Ltd., Construction Water, Smart  

World & Communication IC, Bangalore       April 2015 – May 2015  

Job Profile: HR Intern  

 To learn and implement the practical aspects mainly related to Recruitment and Selection and Training 

and Development. 

 Sourcing talent who are matching with organization’s FITT criteria.  

 Managing checklist for recruitment and selection process. 

 

 



EDUCATION  

PGDM in Human Resources and Systems – March 2016    CGPA: 2.47/4  

B.E, Electronics and Communication – June 2013     58.7%  

 

EXTRA CURRICULAR ACTIVITIES  

 Successfully completed the project ‘Understanding and enhancing the knowledge of tribal students of 

VGKK’ as part of Socially Relevant Project of SDMIMD, in the academic year 2014 – 2015.  

 Was a member of SDMIMD Charted Toastmaster Club.  

 Underwent training with R. Balasubramaniam, Harvard Kennedy School on “Leadership for Global 

citizen” 

 

PERSONAL DETAILS  

Date of Birth: 26th January 1992  

Languages: English, Hindi and Kannada 


