














































Bhavesh Kishorbhai Patel  
Email: bhaveshkpatel85@gmail.com, bks02429@gmail.com  

Mob: +91-8000891666, +91 9429266446  

 
Career Objective: 
As a Technical or Solution Architect to be part of Development and/or R&D team to apply my expertise and skills to create top 

edged innovative solutions & products to achieve goal, vision and meet expectations of the organization and market trends with 

good opportunity for personal growth.  

 
Total Experience: 7 Yrs 8 Months 

QUANTELA (PARADIGM IT GROUP COMPANY) (Oct, 2017 – Present) as Project Lead 

DATTUS Pvt Ltd. (Dec, 2014 – Sep, 2017) as Embedded Lead 

INFOSTRETCH Corp (Sep, 2013 – Nov, 2014) as Senior Software Engineer 

KONYLABS INDIA Pvt Ltd (July, 2010 – Sep, 2013) as Senior Software Engineer 

ST MICROELECTRONICS (Jan – June 2010) Trainee / Internship 

COGNIZANT TECHNOLOGY SOLUTIONS INDIA Pvt Ltd, (Mar – Oct 2007) as Programmer Analyst Trainee  

 
Strengths: 

- Software Professional with 7+ Years of experience in design and development for Mobile and Embedded Systems. 
- IoT expertise and Handling team of more than 5 people for Agile Product Development in Embedded Systems. 
- Familiarity and Working knowledge on Range of Processor families like ARM M4 and A8, Intel Atom and Quark, etc. from 

Texas, NXP, Broadcom, Intel, etc.  

- Expert in Device Drivers, Embedded Systems, Android, RTOS, Mobile application, Agile Development and Scrum Process. 
- Provide Innovative solutions which can be converted into Product and Intellectual Property. 

 
Projects: 

Name: Battery Operated IoT Product development for Aqua Culture  

Objective: Interface different sensors to measure Water Parameters for Aqua Farm. 

Roles & Responsibilities: As a Project Lead, started looking at working of product. Suggesting changes in Hardware and 

Software for interfaces and functionalities. Streamline Development, QA and Release Process, Code Review, Analysis and 

Management. Managing team of 5 people for development and testing. 

Performing and managing Hardware Bring up and Bootloader, Peripheral, I2C and GSM testing.  

Duration: Since Oct, 2017  

Technology and Tools Used: C, GCC, Atmel SAMG55, GSM, Bootloader, Flash, I2C, ADC, Agile Development, GIT. 

 

Name: Embedded Network Protocols Interface and IoT  

Objective: Interface and collect data from different Protocols like RS485, Modbus, MTConnect etc. 

Roles & Responsibilities: As a Team Lead, provide solutions to Protocol Interfaces on Single Board Computers which are based 

on ARM A8, Intel X86 and Quark processors and Linux as OS. Scan sensors and modules connected, take data stream, perform 

operations on these streams using Multithreading and send it to cloud. 

My role is to create Architecture and Framework for Development, Project Planning, customization or specific requirement, 

interaction with customer on regular basis to translate requirement to technical blocks, mentor team members on different 

technology aspects. Created Process for Testing and Build Deliveries. Also created method to update all boards with truncated 

Linux OS which is base for all installations. Also came up with novel approach for Virtual Boards for cost effective solutions. 

Duration: 1 Yr 6 Months 

Technology and Tools Used: C, GCC, Makefile, Shell, Linux, TCP/IP, Socket Programming, USB, Serial Protocols, RS485, 

JavaScript, Drivers and Kernel Modification, Yocto, Agile Development, Bugzila, GIT, SVN. 

 

Name: FFT Algorithm on Vibration Data Spectrum  

Objective: To create Solution for Vibration Data and plot different diagrams. 

Roles & Responsibilities: The project was taken as kind of POC for finding Peak Frequency and Frequency Lob from 3-axis 

vibration sensor data. Used libraries available in C and developed code which generates Fourier and FFT output from time domain 

input data.  

Project as developed on board with Linux OS running on it with Sampled data saved in file on board. Data Sampling rate was 

varying from 50Hz to 10KHz and was able to find peak frequency among the sampled data. Also created data points to plot 

Samples Vs. Frequency on Log Graph, Bode Plot. Data was not sent to cloud but was saved in files and tools were used to 

generate different Graphs. 

Duration:  2 Months 

Technology and Tools Used: C, DSP, Linux, GCC, Makefile, Shell, Buildroot, Yocto, Bugzila, GIT, SVN 

 

Name: IoT based Embedded Application Development for Custom Board 

Objective: Interface different Industrial Sensors to board, collect data and send it to Cloud.  

Roles & Responsibilities: In 1st Phase created framework for Low Power ARM Cortex M4 Processor. Code was developed in 

Embedded C and also had very lightweight server running on processor, which hosts webpages for configuration on the go. Code 

takes all the settings from Cloud, calculates equivalent Sensor Value and send it to cloud using REST Calls. First field testing 

release was achieved within 6 months and Real Time Data was being transferred to Cloud at every 30 sec with at least 99.25% 

data reporting. 



In 2nd phase, FreeRTOS was added to make application more robust and for governing actual Real Time Operations. Transfer rate 

achieved was up to 5 sec. Optimization was done to save around 10 Months of data to 32 Mbits of memory for 8 Sensor Channels 

at 5 Sec scanning rate whenever internet connectivity is down. This phase lasted for 5 Months and almost 99.5% data reporting. 

Also Math module responsible for converting ADC value to 4-20mA range using fixed point arithmetic and Floating Point 

arithmetic to convert 4-20mA value to equivalent Sensor value with can be of any range. 

Duration: 1 Yr 4 Months 

Technology and Tools Used: C, Code Composer Studio, Embedded C, Socket Programming, USB, I2C, SPI, Flash Memory, 

Tiva Library, JavaScript, HTML, JTAG, Agile Development, Bugzila, GIT, SVN 

 

Name: Native Mobile application Development for Tablet  

Objective: To develop the product for all Tablets. 

Roles & Responsibilities: The Project work includes developing the application for iPad, Android Tab and Windows 8 tablet 

using Kony and using Native SDKs. As a senior developer cum lead role, created UI and developed functionalities using 

KonyOne for all three tablet platforms. Also developed and integrated native functionalities like Barcode/QR Code Scanning, 

Signature Capture, and Storing data in local storage and in local DB, Dynamic Widget Addition etc. Also the Application requires 

the access to data without Network connectivity so that part is also in implementation and successfully given solution for the 

same. 

Duration: 1 Yr 2 Months 

Technology and Tools Used: C, C++, xml, eclipse, Java, JS. Android, iOS and Windows 8 OS, Agile Development, JIRA, SVN 

 

Name: Product Development for Tablet.  

Objective: To develop the product for all Tablets. 

Roles & Responsibilities: The Project work includes porting the Mobile Phone application to all Tablet platforms using Kony 

and using Native SDKs. I have ported and modified the UI and functionality using Kony Platform for all three tablet platforms.  

Duration: 4 Months 

Technology and Tools Used: C, C++, xml, eclipse, Java, JS. Android, iOS and Windows 8 OS,Agile Development, JIRA, SVN 

 

Name: Defect fixing, Application Enhancements and Memory Profiling on Devices 

Objective: To reduce the memory consumption by application on iPhone and Android. 

Roles & Responsibilities: To fix defects reported by client on Remote Check Deposit feature for one of banking application. Also 

to fix some memory issues which were reported due to the crashing of application was happening while using. I have done the 

Memory profiling for Android by which the memory consumption by application was reduced by more than 8 MB and crash issue 

was resolved. Also enhanced some of Camera features like changing the layout and design, this included providing an overlay 

form when the camera is launched for giving user a guide to fit the image while capturing.  

Duration: 5 Months 

Technology and Tools Used: C, C++, C#, xml, Java, JavaScript, eclipse, Memory Analyzer for Android, iOS and Android OS, 

SVN, Bugzilla   

Name: Maintenance, Porting and Testing of Set Top Box Drivers and SoC Validation 
Objective: Embedded System Drivers and SoC Validation and Maintenance for Set-Top box (STB) 

Roles & Responsibilities: As a part of five members team, to do testing of the SET TOP BOX Drivers for different SoCs and 

peripherals, running different test cases of the driver designed for SoCs and board, and verifying the proper functionality of the 

overall system i.e. SET TOP BOX. C, Shell and Perl etc were used for this project and written some more test cases and reduced 

the program complexity by 20% to enhance the performance and readability of the cide. 

During the training, testing and validation of the SoC and STB drivers were done for Linux and Windows OS. Added 

responsibility were maintaining the drivers and porting of the drivers and SoCs on the SET TOP BOX and perform the sanity 

testing.  

We have also successfully developed and tested the new method of testing by doing changes in Shell script files and make files. 

Also done testing of the IPV6 protocol for the SET TOP BOX which is considered to be one of the advanced technologies to be 

used in SET TOP BOX. 

Duration: 6 months 

Technology and Tools Used: C, Set Top Boxes, Embedded Systems, Device Drivers, RTOS, Linux, Shell, Clear Case, etc. 

Name: Microprocessor design using SystemC and Verilog 

Objective: To develop MIPS Processor using Verilog and SystemC 

Description: The aim of the project is to design a MIPS (Million Instructions per Second) processor. The processor has to be 

designed using certain Flow graphs and Action graphs. And then the comparison of performance between the different 

Semiconductor Technologies used to develop the processor. The processor was designed using Verilog and SystemC language. 

For Verilog we used ModelSim simulator and for SystemC we used VC 6.0. We used Leonardo tool for performance comparison. 

Duration: 6 months 

Technology and Tools Used: Verilog, ModelSim, System C, etc. 

Name: Real Time Dynamic Voltage Scaling for Hard Real Time Systems 

Objective: As a part of Research Project to develop or redefine the algorithm to reduce the Power Consumption for RTOS 

Description: The aim of the project was to design and code an RTOS algorithm to reduce the power consumption of the 

Embedded Systems. As part of research I developed the algorithm and tested the result on simulator. The algorithm was 

developed in C language and it was tested on simulator for Deadline driven algorithm. After refinement and redesign of some of 



available algorithms, the power consumption was reduced by around 15% while tested on simulator. 

Duration: 6 months 

Technology and Tools Used: C, RTOS. 

Name: Character Recognition from image file, using DSP processor 

Objective: As part of Academic Project to develop code to read character from image 

Description: The Project was developed to find a character from the image and generate the specific frequency for that character. 

The code was written in C and was ported on DSP processor. The image file was transferred to DSP and processor generated the 

frequency whenever the character was recognized.  

Duration: 2 months 

Technology and Tools Used: C, VC 6.0, TI ARM Kit. 

 

Name: Embedded/Mobile Application development  

Objective: Mobile Technologies for Android, Blackberry, iPhone etc. 

Roles & Responsibilities: The Project work includes developing the smartphone Brokerage application for Android, Blackberry 

and iPhone using JAVA, lua and C. My responsibility was to use and integrate the services exposed by client and modify the 

response of the services to make independent on the type of device being used. I was responsible for managing the middleware 

application on the Web Logic server and have to perform the Business rules for the application depending on the device. 

As part of Post Production support activity, given support for 2 months from client location in USA. The application ranked in top 

3 for more than 2 months with more than 2 lacs+ downloads for all platforms and there were no critical issues with live 

application. 

Duration: 1 Yr 6 Months 

Technology and Tools Used: C, C++, xml, eclipse, Java, lua. Android, iOS and Blackberry OS  

 
Other Projects: 

- Research on Real Time Dynamic Voltage Scaling for Hard Real Time Systems 
- Real Time System for Traffic Controller using RT Java. 
- Fingerprint Recognition using Gabor Filter and Image Correlation.  
- Histogram and Sharpening of images using C.  

 
Education: 
Qualification Year of Passing  Name of Institute/ University  Result 

M.E. ( Embedded Systems) 2010 BITS-Pilani, Pilani Campus, Pilani, Rajasthan 8.73 out of 10 

B.E. ( E&C ) 2006 
G.H.Patel College Of Engineering and Technology / Sardar 
Patel University, Vallabh Vidyanagar, Gujarat. 

6.93 out of 10 

H.S.C. (Grade XII ) 2002 Gujarat Secondary Education Board, Gandhinagar, Gujarat. 76.62% 

S.S.C. (Grade X) 2000 Gujarat Secondary Education Board, Gandhinagar, Gujarat. 83.57% 

 
Additional Information: 

● Software and Tools: C, C#, SystemC, Verilog, Matlab, ModelSim, DSP, Shell, Eclipse, JAVA, Android, Memory Analyzer. 
● Operating Systems: Windows XP, Linux, RTOS 
● USA Visa: B1/B2 Valid up to 2021. 
● Fluent in English, Hindi and Gujarati.  
● Play Table Tennis, Chess. Reading News Paper, Novels, Magazines.  
● Solving Puzzles, Sudoku, Software Development. 

 
Interested areas: 

● IoT, RTOS, ARM, DSP application Design and Development.  
● Device Drivers, SoC and Embedded System Design and Development. 
● Image and Signal Processing, Mobile applications, Data Analysis. 

 
Correspondence Address: 
101, La Gardenia, Pragathi Enclave, Miyapur, Hyderabad-500049, Telangana, India. 

Personal Details: 
DOB: 25th August 1985 

Sex: Male 

Nationality: Indian 

Marital Status: Married 


