






























SANKET DNYANESHWAR MUL

VISHAL PRAKASH CHILLAL

641,MODGI WADA,GURUWAR PETH,

NEAR PUSPAM JEWELLERS,

PUNE – 411042.

Contact No:- 8766996702

Email: - sales.vish26@gmail.com
· OBJECTIVE :
To seek a long-term career through innovations, creativity and hard work where I will be able to implement my all potentials and also get a chances to learn and serve my company to the best of my abilities.

Educational Qualification  :-
	Degree
	University/Board
	Institute
	Year
	%

	B.COM
	Pune University
	Jedhe College
	2012
	45.00%

	12th 
	H.S.C Board
	Savitribai Phule High School
	2006
	61.00%

	10th 
	S.S.C Board 
	Savitribai Phule High School
	2004
	59.00%


· Computer Proficiency:
Basic Computer knowledge 

Basic Knowledge of MS-Office.( Excel,Word,PowerPoint)

MS-CIT

· Experience:

1 Company Name-

Adarsh Credit Co-Oprative Society.

Pune1 (Dhankawadi ,Branch)
      
      Designation-

Working as Officer.

      
      Duration-

            (2nd April 2014 To  Till Date ).
      Job responsibilities:-
1. Responsible for All branch activity.

2. Monitoring and  analyzing monthly sales report and scheduling the daily route plan of adviser  for marketing.

3.  Responsible for searching good quality advisers and maintain good  Repo.

4. Responsible for handling cash and  cashiers activities of Branch.

5. Responsible to solve the minor issues of  ( Technical -Non technical ).

6. Responsible for updating , sorting and organizing the adviser database area wise.

7. Responsible for Co-ordinate with account department regarding clients payments

8. Responsible for maintain cash book ,stock register & all related register.

9. Working- Daily work in SAP Software & have Knowledge of Omni Software.
2 Company Name-

NPAV (Net Protector Anti-virus)

Biz Secure Lab Pvt Ltd.
      Designation-       
           Working as Sales Coordinator for North East region.
      Duration-          
            (11th Dec 2012 To 31st DEC  2013).
      Job responsibilities:-
1. Responsible for co-coordinating with field executive regarding secondary sale.

2. Monitoring and  analyzing monthly sales report and scheduling the daily route plan of executive for marketing.

3. Responsible for searching good quality dealers and maintain good    repo with channel partners .

4. Monitoring the daily reporting /attendance system of field force.

5. Responsible for handling sales and marketing activities of Assam region.

6. Responsible to solve the minor issues of  ( Technical -Non technical ).

7. Responsible for updating , sorting and organizing the dealer database area wise.

8. Responsible for follow-up and tracking the dispatch of materials.
9. Responsible for filling and submission of IPO (Internal Purchase Order ).
10. Responsible for Co-ordinate with account department regarding clients payments

11. Responsible for controlling the credit limit and credit period and following  the dealers and executive for the  pending payments.
3 Company Name-

Hindustan Unilever pure it.
Designation- 

Worked as Sales Promoter.
                  Duration-

            ( 24th  April 2012 To 30th Nov 2012)
                  Job responsibilities:-
1. Responsible for promoting and direct selling  of the product to customer at malls (C2C).

2. Use to carry out point of sale display of the product at malls and shopping center.  

3. Responsible for interacting and  making aware of the product directly to the customers.

4. Motivating the customer to seek out the product in a active process.

5. Responsible for providing service including ( installation, instruction how to operate to the consumer ).

6. Responsible for taking follow up of the lead to technical person until the product is install .

4 Company Name-

Bata Shoe Store,(Foot in)

                  Designation-

Worked as Sales Executive  
      Duration-

            (25th  Feb 2011 To 1st April 2012)
      Job responsibilities:-
1. Responsible to  sort out the   need of  the  walking customer to the  showroom regarding shoes.

2. Responsible for displaying all the varieties of shoes  to the customers one by one respectively and encouraging the customer to buy the product . 

3. Responsible for taking care of the customer and managing the customer until he is satisfied with the product.

4. Responsible for making good repo or goodwill with customer so that they will visit the showroom again .

5. Responsible for checking out the stock balance and maintain the stock record

6. Responsible for billing /POS and generating invoice. And calculating the cash at the end of the day. 

5 Company Name-             Pune District Industrial Co-op Association Ltd.
                  Designation-

Worked as Sales Executive .
Duration-

            (17th April 2006 To 31st Dec 2010)
Job responsibilities:-
1. Responsible for taking care of the showroom including 4 staff  .

2. Responsible for displaying all the varieties of cloth product to the customers one by one respectively and encouraging the customer to buy the product . 

3. Responsible for meeting the customer expectation and managing the customer until he is satisfied with the product.

4. Responsible for handling the purchase department.

5. Responsible for checking out the stock balance and maintain the stock record and handling accounts .

6. Responsible for billing /POS and generating invoice. And calculating the cash at the end of the day. 
· Personal Profile 
Name


:
Vishal Prakash Chillal


Birth Date 

:
26th September,1988.

Gender


:
Male

Nationality

:
Indian

Marital status

:
Married

Language known
:
Marathi,Hindi, English

Hobbies

:
Making Friends,playing chess

             








    Yours Faithfully,

DATE: -
PLACE:-



    



   (VISHAL PRAKASH CHILLAL)
