




















































 
 

 
 

MANU KUMAR SAHA 

# No. 401/15, 14th Main, Old Madiwala,  
BTM 1st Stage, Venkateshwara Layout, 
Bangalore- 560068 
 
Mobile No: +91 7676377290 
E-mail: manu.kumar.saha@gmail.com 
 
PROFILE SUMMARY                                                                                                                                                                               
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        

 A result oriented professional with 3.1 YEARS of experience in Accounts, Finance & Taxation 

(Indirect Tax). 

 Expertise in Accounts & Finance Operations including set-up of internal control, checks and 

procedures. 

 Well acquainted with computerized environment in Accounts & Finance with specialization 

in Tally Package.  

 Skilled in handling audit assignments; pivotal in collating and validating inputs required for 

audits and sharing the same with the audit team; coordinating with auditors and successfully 

completing audits within agreed timeframes . 

 

EMPLOYMENT DETAILS    
 

Nov’ 2016 – Till Date with “Dell International Services India Pvt. Ltd” Bangalore as “Senior 
Tax Analyst” under payroll of “Datamatics Global Services Limited” 

 Key Result Areas:  

 Generation of E way bills on daily basis for all Supplies, Export & Import & sending a 

reconciliation of same on weekly and monthly basis.  

 Raising financial service request (FSR) relating to GST and other indirect taxes. Filing of FSR 

details to the management and consultants. 

 Reconciling FSR details (monthly & quarterly basis) comparing with Accounts payable books 

of accounts. 

 Carrying out reconciliation of: Sales Report and reviewing of invoices in Oracle E-business 

Suite Software. 

 Carrying out reconciliation of: E way Bill Report & matching it with monthly Sales report.  

 Maintain monthly compliance calendar to ensure the timely reporting and payment of taxes. 

 

Mar’ 2015 – Aug’ 2016 with Greet Technologies Pvt. Ltd. Bangalore (sister Concern of Tally 
solutions Pvt. Ltd) as “Senior Accounts Executive” 

 
Key Result Areas: 
 

 Troubleshooting on Accounting, Inventory, Taxation and basic Technical issues faced by 

client’s in Tally Software. 

 Solving the client’s queries regarding Trial Balance, Profit & Loss Account, Balance Sheet, 

mailto:manu.kumar.saha@gmail.com


 
 
 

Receipts & Payments Account, Bank Reconciliation, Account Payable s & Receivables. 

 Guiding our client on maintaining Books of Accounts such as Cash and bank book, General 

Ledger etc./- 

 Manage all taxation matters such as Service tax, Excise, TDS, VAT etc. on regular basis.  

 

 Handled the preparation of:  
 

o VAT returns and submission of Monthly VAT statements 
o Oversee the finalization of accounts and maintenance of General ledger. 
o  Reconciliation of monthly Bank Statements. 

 
ACHIVEMENTS AND AWARDS 
 

 Received client appreciations/recognition for providing accurate and zero-error service.  

 Awarded Employee of the Month in March 2016.  
 
                                                                                                                                                                                            
TRAINING UNDERGONE     
 

 Certified in Tally.ERP9 by “Tally Solutions Pvt. Ltd”.  
 
EDUCATION 
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      

 MBA (Finance & Marketing) from Dr. M.G.R University, Chennai in the year 2014. 

 BBA from West Bengal University of Technology in the year 2011. 

 
AREAS OF EXPERTISE    

 Proficient in Microsoft Office Suite including Word, Excel. 

 
PERSONAL DETAILS 
 
 Marital Status:                Unmarried  
 Date of Birth:                  11th June 1990 
 Father’s name:                Mr. Dayaram Saha 
 Linguistics:                       English, Hindi, Nepali & Bengali 
 Nationality:                      Indian 
 Hobbies & Interest:        Learning new things, travelling, visiting new places. 
 
DECLARATION                                                                                                                                          
  

I hereby declare that all the information provided by me in this application is factual and correct of 
my knowledge and belief. 
 
Date: 
 
Place: Bangalore                                                                                                            (MANU KUMAR SAHA) 
 
 

 

   



 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

                                                                                                                                                                                


