












































                                                             CURRICULUM-VITAE
Mr. Vilas Pandurang Gawde.                                                               Email:-mrvilasgawde@rediffmail.com

Bageshri, C-49, A-203,

Gokuldham,                                                                                            Cell No:-+919833776199

Goregaon-Mulund Link Road,

Goregaon (East)

Mumbai-400063

Objective: - To work in hi-tech environment where i get to know various aspects dealt by company and get                                 

                      a chance to unleash my potential.
Academic Qualification:-B.com

Name of the Examination                  Name of the school/college            
   Percentage 
S.S.C.March-2002


              MSBSHSE


                      71.60


H.S.C.Feb-2004


              MSBSHSE
                                                 66.83  


T.Y.B.ComMarch-2007
                      Mumbai University


         62.00

Computer Literacy:-
Completed Certificate Course in Operating system window’s98





MS Office2000      
Currently working:-

· Company Name:-Nair & Co.
· Work as:- Commercial Accountant Senior 2
· Responsibilities:-
·  Accountancy:-
	
	1. Reconcile multi currency bank account.
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	

	
	2. Prepare payroll for clients.
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	

	
	3. Liaise with Affiliates regarding for example invoice queries using foreign language skill if 
    Appropriate.
	
	
	

	
	4. Analyze employee expenses using Excel and process these expenses in to Nair Financial 
    System (NFS).
	
	
	

	
	5. Input employee’s expenses on to P11D spreadsheet in preparation for year end tax returns.
	
	
	
	

	
	6. Input invoice on to Purchase Ledger using NFS.
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	

	
	7. Process expenses, salary and invoice payments.
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	

	
	8. Assist with the preparation of Management Accounts.

	
	
	
	
	
	
	

	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	

	
	· Knowledge Skill
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	

	
	              Accountancy
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	

	
	       1.Experience of basic accounting procedures and practise with a desire to study towards
          ACA or similar qualification.
	

	
	       2. Numerical/analytical qualification.
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	

	
	           Competent to use figure, tables and other numerical data and to apply logic when for
           Example reconciling multi currency bank accounts and solving problems.
· ERP Packages worked
1. Oracle 

2. SUN System

3. SAP

4. Tally ERP




Work experience:-
· Worked as Management Trainee at HSBC For 3 month
                    Profile:-Computer Operator (excel)
· Worked as Management Trainee at N.K.GSB Bank (Schedule Bank) For 6 month
                    Profile:-Computer Operator
· Worked as Clerical Trainee at Reliance Infrastructure Ltd from December-2007to September- 2009
                    Department: - Material
                    Profile: - Assistant Material Executive
Personal Dossier:-

Name:-Vilas Pandurang Gawde.
Father Name: - Pandurang Rawaji Gawde.
Mother Name: - Jayshree Pandurang Gawde.
Date of Birth:-8th October, 1986
Languages known: - English, Hindi, Marathi.
Strengths:-Positive, analytical mind and ability to work in a team.
Declaration:-

I hereby declare that information furnished above in true to the best of my knowledge.
Date:-

Place:-Mumbai                                  

                                                                                                           Vilas Pandurang Gawde.
