

















































	Baby Sunita Muduli   
 E-mail:  babysunitamuduli@gmail.com 
	                                 Mobile:  +91-7978464743




Career Objective:
	
	To associate myself with a professionally driven esteemed organization by pursuing a challenging, dynamic, responsible and rewarding career and applying my professional expertise, skills and enthusiasm in a position for career growth.


PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

· Having around 2years of experience in Software Developer and was involved in both analytical and technical aspects during the analysis, design and development stages of applications.
· Involved in Design, Development, Integration and Deployment of various Web Applications .
· Professional training  in Oracle and MS SQL Server 2012 Relational Databases.
· Having good knowledge on Stored Procedures using MS SQL Server 2000/2005.
· Having work experience on creating Data View and List Views . 
· Developed, Configured and deployed a variety of Applications using ASP.Net, C#.
· Good team player with good Communication skills.
· Commitment to continuous learning and skill development.


PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

· Working as a software Trainee in Diligent IT Services, from February  2016 to till date.

EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATION

I have completed MCA with 75% in Aug 2014 from Fakir Mohan University, Balasore (Odisha).

TECHNICAL SKILLS

	Microsoft Technologies
	 ASP.Net with C#.Net., ADO .Net

	Languages 
	C#.Net

	Databases
	SQL Server 2012

	Scripting Languages
	HTML, CSS

	Tools
	Visual Studio 2012, Visual Studio 2010

	Operating Systems
	Windows family

	Other Area of Interests
	Photoshop, MS PageMaker




PROJECT PROFILE

Project #1
Title			:  Quick Reminder
Technologies       	:  C#.net, ASP.Net. SQL Server 2012
Role		:   .Net Developer
Team Size 		:  5 members



               Description:
The objective of this project is to maintain all the registered users’ information and their Event of whole year what they’ll add.      
Using this portal admin people can conduct some events and then ask for the feedback by using some options based on that they can provide some of the Events. They may conduct the event’s using Email or SMS.  Members, who haven’t clicked on the link till 7 days from the receipt of email, will receive an auto reminder.
  
              Responsibilities:
· Developed Master Page and Web page using Asp .Net.
· Technical Design Document Preparation
· Involved in Business Layer Methods
· Involved in database level for creating table .
· Technical design document Presentation.
· Integration and deployment.


Project #2
Title			:  E-Farming
Technologies       	:  C#.net, ASP.Net. SQL Server 2012
Role		:  .Net Developer
Team Size 		:  4 members.

               Description:
           The main objective of this project is build a website which will help farmers
from Indian villages too sell their products to different cities. 
                       Using this portal admin people can be able to see all record from any users. They can  show the records for selling should be available in a format of Quantity name, Quantity available, price. They can conduct events to demonstrate people how to  register in the site and sell their product . On the other side, wholesaler from town can also register and buy products as per their needs.
  
            
  Responsibilities:
· Developed Master Page and Web page using Asp .Net.
· Technical Design Document Preparation
· Involved in Business Layer Methods
· Involved in  validation.
· Involved in database level for creating table.


PERSONAL DETAILS:

Father's Name			:	Baby Sunita Muduli
Date of birth 			:	12-06-1990
Qualification			:	MCA (2014)
Gender				:	Female
Nationality			:	Indian
Languages Known		:	English, Hindi and Odia
Address          		              :	27th Main, 6th Cross, Ashwini Layout,
                                                                         Ejipura,Bangalore,560047



Date: 										Signature
Place: Bangalore							 Baby Sunita Muduli

Page 3 of 3

