













































Sandeep_Kumar_Yadav_Resume


     Sandeep Kumar Yadav                                                   Email Id: san24dec@gmail.com 
Designation: Software Engineer                                                                                 M. No: 09043850912    

                  

 

          Summary 
 

Sandeep Kumar Yadav has more than 5 years of experience in Data ingestion, Extraction and 

Integration. He has worked on multiple DWBI projects involving various Business scenarios and Domain 

Visions, with market leaders in their respective spaces Fox Networks Group, General Electric Oil and Gas, 

Experian Services Corp, and Fox Filmed Entertainment. He has good exposure in Business verticals 

including Entertainment, Banking and Retail. 

 
He has an excellent understanding of Data Warehouse concepts and Business Intelligence with good 

knowledge of ETL and QA processes. He has strong technical and analytical skills, including Informatica 

PowerCenter, Talend and Databases Amazon Redshift, Netezza, Greenplum, Oracle and SQL server. He 

has worked in windows and Unix Operating system. He is a quick learner and easily adapts to new 

technologies and business domains. 

 Expertise in data warehousing and data integration concepts, techniques and methodologies. 

 Have strong Knowledge and experience in ETL tools including Informatica Powercenter 10.x, & 

Talend. 

 Have more than 1.5 years of intensive experience in Amazon cloud products like Amazon Redshift & 

S3 

 Analyze the Business Requirements and Prepare Detailed Design documents both High Level 

Document (HLD) and Low-Level Document (LLD).  

 Experience in Data Cleansing, profiling, standardizing and integrating various data set formats into 

landing, staging and warehouse from various source systems. 

 Extensively used Transformations like Router, Aggregator, Joiner, Expression, Lookup, Update strategy 

and Sequence generator, control flows. 

 Experience in performing historical, incremental loads, change data capture and batch processing 

from and to on premise and cloud applications and database. 

 Involved in the development of mappings (SCD I/II) and Unit test cases, Code review, Turnover the 

code for system testing team(SIT/UAT) and provide support. 

 Tuned the performance of mappings and applied best practices. 

 Migrating of development mappings to QA and production environments. 

 Developed unix scripts to automate various processes. 

 Worked with a range of stakeholders like data scientist, Business Users, architects and reporting. 

 Experience in handling and leading onshore and offshore team model. 

 

Skill Set 
 

Databases 
Amazon Redshift, Netezza 7.1, Greenplum 4.3, Microsoft SQL Server 2012, Oracle 

11g, S3 

Data Integration Tools Informatica PowerCenter 8.5.1 /9.0.1 /9.5./10.1, Talend 5.6,  SSIS -2008/2012  

Query Tools Oracle Sql Developer/Aginity / PgAdmin 

Reporting Tools Tableau 9.2 

Scheduling Tools Autosys 

Languages  SQL, PL/SQL , Shell , Python 

Operating Systems Unix, Windows XP/ 7/ 8 , Linux 

Data Replication Tool IBM InfoSphere Data Replication 10.2 

 

 



     Sandeep Kumar Yadav                                                   Email Id: san24dec@gmail.com 
Designation: Software Engineer                                                                                 M. No: 09043850912    

                  

 

Professional Experience 

Current organization: Systech Solutions Inc., Chennai  

Duration: December 2012 till now 

Designation: Senior Software Engineer 

Systech is a leading provider of services and solutions in the area of Business Intelligence and Data 

Warehousing for companies around the world for over 20 years. Systech’s unique approach enables 

clients to make continuous, fact-based decisions to improve their revenue and create value. 

 

Project Details 

 

FOX Networks Group - FNG- Data Platform Modernization 

Data Engineering Lead             Apr 2017 – Present 

Fox Networks Group is a primary operating unit of 21st Century Fox. FNG consists of Fox Television Group, 

which includes Fox Broadcasting Company and 20th Century Fox Television; FOX Sports Media Group; 

Fox Cable Networks, which includes FX Networks and National Geographic Partners; and Fox Networks 

Group Europe, Asia, and Latin America. Together these units create, program and distribute the world's 

most popular entertainment, sports and nonfiction programming. 

 

The Scope of the project is to Migrate current suite of DW applications from the SQL Server platforms to 

the Amazon’s Redshift platform on the cloud by building a unified data model. Developing ETL objects 

to ensure compatibility to work with Redshift environment. There are total of 5 sprints which covers 36 

applications that are needed to be migrated to Amazon Redshift environment. 

This modernization process for Fox Network Group is to build Enterprise Data Hub for all the process and 

to build reports from there. Main objective of this initiative to modernize the Data Platform for Fox 

Network Group, by consolidating on Cloud within the framework defined by the 21CF Data Platform 

and Technology stack.  

This architecture enables the business with an ability to consolidate and analyze Ad sale revenue across 

many systems and channels. Design and Implement an “EDH” on cloud to satisfy the analytical needs 

for Ad Sales. Develop a Unified Data Model and Build cutting edge Visualization Analytical dashboards 

using the common reporting tool(Tableau). 

Role and Responsibilities: 

 Developed Informatica Mappings for all complex fact tables involved in the project 

 Changed Store Procs to SQL Scripts and prepared STTMs to develop the mapping 

 Developed Full Pushdown Compatible mappings 

 Worked for migrating the objects from different environments (DEV/QA/PRODUCTION)  

 Performed regression and integration testing for newly developed process. 

 Worked on enhancements/bug fixes in Developed Model and ETL objects 

 Provided technical support for the ETL team and Reporting Team 

 Coordinated and communicated with the business data users to understand their concerns and 

assisted in resolving issues or provided clarifications 



     Sandeep Kumar Yadav                                                   Email Id: san24dec@gmail.com 
Designation: Software Engineer                                                                                 M. No: 09043850912    

                  

 

 Interacted with Clients on gather the requirements 

 Helped the offshore team members technically and enhanced their Technical & soft skills 

 

Project Environment: Informatica 10.1, AmazonRedshift, S3, Python, Unix, SQL server, Winscp, Autosys 

 

General Electric Oil & Gas - Install Base 

ETL Developer                           July 2016 – Mar 2017 

The scope of the project is to design unified datamart for all business of GE Oil & Gas, using Talend as ETL 

to feed the data in DW in Greenplum and creating reports over the DW using Tableau reporting tool. 

 

Role and Responsibilities: 

 Designing the Data base architecture (deciding tables, column, data types, constraints, distribution 

columns) for business data model in Greenplum database. 

 Analyzing and designing the logic for the business requirements. 

 Creating Talend job to load the data in DW and testing & doing production support. 

 Developing the dashboard and reports in Tableau for better data-driven decisions in optimal ways. 

Project Environment:  Talend, Grenplum , Aginity , PgAdmin 

 

Experian Services Corp - Platform Migration to IBM Netezza 

ETL Developer                            Feb 2015 – Apr 2016 

Experian, a global information services company, helps businesses to manage credit risk, prevent fraud, 

target marketing offers and automate decision making. They also help people to check their credit 

report and credit score and protect against identity theft. 

The scope of this project is migration of stored procedures from SQL Server to Netezza database and 

redirect   Informatica mappings to the newly migrated database. 

Role and Responsibilities: 

 Perform NZLOAD to tables from source data files. 

 Migrate stored procedure from SQL server to Netezza, ensuring same functionality. 

 Migrate SQL server Informatica mappings to compatible Netezza Informatica mappings. 

 Performed unit testing by comparing the data of the MS SQL server and Netezza tables. 

 Production support for procedures and Informatica. 

Project Environment:  SQL Server 2008/2012, Netezza 7.1, Informatica 9.5, SSIS, UNIX Shell Scripting 

 

Fox Filmed Entertainment - Vudu Development 

ETL Developer              Oct 2014 - Jan 2015 

Vudu is a content delivery company responsible for interactive media services. Vudu distributes full-

length movies over the Internet to television in the USA. The goal of this project is to deliver Vudu sales 

reporting capability to CATMAN.  

 



     Sandeep Kumar Yadav                                                   Email Id: san24dec@gmail.com 
Designation: Software Engineer                                                                                 M. No: 09043850912    

                  

 

Role and Responsibilities: 

 Developing shell scripts to automate the process. 

 Creating Mappings to load data to final tables. 

 Creating Test Plan, test case and unit testing Documents  

 Testing various functionalities of the project. 

 
Project Environment: Informatica PowerCenter 9.0.1, Netezza, SQL Server 2008, UNIX Shell Scripting. 

Fox Filmed Entertainment - CATMAN Stabilization and Support  

ETL Developer                                                                                    Mar 2013 – Sept 2014 

CATMAN data relates to marketing, sales and distribution of its products to create and maintain weekly, 

monthly, and quarterly reports.DW2 application tracks international sales data of Home Entertainment. 

VMI controls the volume of stock and frequency of delivery that each store receives based on POS 

data. CIA tracks the domestic market data from AC Nielsen and RENTRAK to assist marketing and 

research group. 

 

Role and Responsibilities: 

 Technical support for the production system and resolving process defects, data quality issues   

 Working on enhancements/bug fixes in ETL objects 

 Migrating ETL objects from Informatica 9.1 to Informatica 9.5 

 Standardizing shell scripts in production environment 

 Designing ETL process for Fox-BestBuy and data loading scripts to automate the process 

 
Project Environment: Informatica 9.1, NETEZZA 7.1, UNIX Shell Scripting, Oracle 9i, MS SQL Server 2008 

Achievement and certification: 

 
 Certified Data Integration Consultant, Systech Academy, India 

 Certified ESOL International (Business English Entry Level 3), Cambridge ESOL. 

 Undergone IBM Cognos Training. 


