



























Career Objective

Skills

Work History

JAYENDRA PATIL
26, Sudhir Niwas, Patharli Road,Gograsswadi, Dombivali (East), Maharashtra 421201 | 983 330 3757 |

jaypatil786@yahoo.in

Goal-oriented individual with a pleasant personality and a tenacity that knows no restrictions. I am a multitasking
person and ready to take any task. Seeking to join a progressive organization, where I can utilize my experience and
skills for professional growth. To work for an innovative progressive company that will allow me the opportunity for
advancement.

Good Knowledge of Import Export Process..
Very good in customer service skill
Good knowledge of US mortgage Domain as loan Closer
and processor

11/2016 to CurrentSr. Assoc-Trans Processing
Sutherland Mortgage Svcs Inc – Airoli, Navi Mumbai, Maharashtra
Duties and Responsibilities :
>Disclosing Initial CD within Trid Timline.
>Releasing Closing instructions after clearing all the dependency.
>Arranging new payoff  statement and HOI renewal Policy
>Assigning loans to team members and preparing productivity report on daily basis.
>Getting clarification on process related updated from client and sharing it between team members.
Annual CTC : 4.18 L

01/2014 to 10/2016Logistic Executive
DHL LOGISTICS PVT. LTD – Vikhroli (w), Maharashtra
Duties and Responsibilities :
>Creating orders in the system as per the customer invoice, specification  and requirement.
>Confirming transportation cost and Type of Vehicle with onshore client.

>Uploading delivery documents in the system.
>Preparing loading and unloading reports.
>Addressing client call on received errors.

01/2013 to 01/2014Mortgage Analyst (Processor)
Sutherland Mortgage Svcs Inc – Thane, Maharashtra
Process : Citi fulfillment (US mortgage process)
Duties and Responsibilities :
>To ensure the timely and accurate packaging of all loan documents originated by our loan officers
>Responsible for ensuring that all loan documentation is complete, accurate and complies with company policy.
>Contacting a title company and appraisal company to confirm the accuracy and availability of title and appraisal
documents.



Education

certificate

08/2010 to 12/2012Customer E-Service Representative
TracMail India Pvt Ltd. – Vashi, Navi Mumbai, Maharashtra
Process: Pearson Education, US process.
Duties and Responsibilities:
>Handling the queries of international customers through email & chat.
>Preparing  and Maintaining Audits reports and quality dashboard.
>Handling shift in the absence of Team Leader.

07/2008 to 08/2010Customer Support Executive (CSE)
Reliance BPO, DAKC – KoperKhairane, Navi Mumbai, Maharashtra
 Worked for the following process:
 >7 month in Rim prepaid in Mumbai circle,
 >9 month in network back office and 10 month in reliance capital

2008B.Com: Commerce
K. V. Pendharkar College - Mumbai, MH

2005HSC: Commerce
K. V. Pendharkar College - Mumbai, MH

2003SSC: General
Matoshree Sarlabai Vidyalay - Dombivali, MH

Completed  Diploma in IMport-Export  from the Exim Placements & Academy Pvt. Ltd, Ghansoli, Navi Mumbai  in
the year 2015 with first class

Completed Advance Diploma in Management from ICFAI university in the year 2012 with A grade.


