














































CURRICULUM VITAE 

 

Name: Mahendra Machhindra Ware                    Email ID: mahendra.m.ware@gmail.com 

Specialization: Biochemistry                                   Contact No: 09657940149 

 

Educational Qualifications: 

Examination Year Of 
Passing 

College/ Institute University/ Board Percentage 

M.Sc 

Biochemistry 

2016 K.T.H.M. College, Nashik Savitribai Phule Pune 

University 

67.81% 

B.Sc 
Biotechnology 

2013 K.K.Wagh College of A.C.S 
& Computer Science, 

Nashik 

University Of Pune 58.3% 

AISSE 2010 J. Navodaya Vidyalaya, 

Nashik 

C.B.S.E 73.9 % 

AISSCE 2008 J. Navodaya Vidyalaya, 

Nashik 

C.B.S.E 79 % 

 

Work Experience: 

I have worked on Study Start Up, Conduct and Closeout phases of Phase -1 Clinical studies. I 

have also worked on MD studies previously. 

I have had exposure of following activities in my job role: 

 Stduy Start up: 

Read and Understand the study related documents(Protocol, Edit check specifications, 

Annotated eCRFs, eHelp, T&E etc.) 

 Read and get trained on all specific data management SOP’s, guidelines, process maps 
and tools 

 Update Data Management Plan for study 

 Creating Patient Scenarios for Database UAT and Edit Check UAT 

 Performing Database and Edit Check UAT 

 Facilitating/Attending study start up calls with the study team members 

 Issuing bugs in Bugs tracker 

 Providing clarifications raised to DM by programming team 

 Creating Patient Scenarios for JReview, SAS and Cognos reports UAT 

mailto:mahendra.m.ware@gmail.com


 Performing JReview, SAS and Cognos reports UAT 

 

 Study Conduct and Closeout: 

- Review, Understand and follow the Data Review Plan 

 Perform Data validation activities 

 Follow up with various study stakeholders to obtain any outstanding 

clarifications 

 Review and follow study timelines and coordinate the deliverables with Data 

Management Lead (DML). 

 Attend and Lead study status meetings and prepare Minutes of Meeting 

 Communicate with DML for Data Validation related issues 

 Perform Externa Data (Lab and PK) reconciliation 

 Track External Data issues and Follow up with appropriate stakeholders for 

clarifications. 

 Freezing and Locking the Casebooks 

 Request Principal Investigator signatures on casebooks 

Apart from this I have been playing a role of Access management POC who looks into issues 

related to access to various client portals. 

 

Extracurricular Activities: 

 Team leader, International Cultural Exchange Program-2015 at Sherbutse College, 

Kanglung, Bhutan 

 National Integration Meet-2009 at JNV Jorhat, Assam 

 JNV Nashik Migration Student, 9th Standard to JNV Bahraich (U.P.) for July 2006-March-

2007 

 Voluntary Blood Donor 

Hobbies And Interests: 

 Reading 

 Agriculture 

 Travelling and Trekking 

 Event Management 

 Numismatics 

 

Personal Details: 

 Date of Birth: December 15, 1992 



 Permanent Address:  At Post- Patoda  

                                                    Tehsil- Yeola  

                                                    Dist.- Nashik, PIN-423401 

 Languages Known: Marathi, English and Hindi 


