












































Sohum B. Champaneria
23, Himgiri Bunglows, Before Rajhans Cinema, Dumas Road, Piplod, Surat-395007.
91-9909509223; sohum_champ@hotmail.com

Objective:

To be a part of an organization where I can grow in terms of knowledge, skills, and
attitude and put an effective use of my analytical abilities and professional
competence to pursue a career in corporate business management.

Working Experience:

 C.A Alpa Christie & Co. Since: June 2015
Job Description: - Senior Manager

I am working as an senior manager in a one of the senior most and reputed
Chartered Accountant Firm in Surat. My Key Responsibilities are:

Preparation and filling of Goods & Services Tax (GST) returns(Form 3B ,
GSTR-1) and assessing the books of accounts on monthly basis.
Preparation and filling of Tax Deducted at sources (TDS) return and

scrutinizing the Quarterly-Ledger accounts.
Posting of journal entries and reconcile accounts, prepare financial

statements, and maintain general ledgers.
 Filling of Income Tax Return and Reports.
Conducting statutory and concurrent audits of companies and Firms.
Playing a major role in solving Income Tax Cases.
 Finalization of books of accounts at the year-end quite independently

including all kinds of year-end adjustments in consonance with respective
Accounting Standards and Various Laws for Various entities.
 Facilitating the client regarding Company Law matters and also has

knowledge of VAT and Service Tax returns.

 I have provided services as an adhoc faculty in “NAVNIRMAN INSTITUTE OF
MANAGEMENT”.  As a Faculty of college, I have given lectures on a subject
“Financial Management” and managed various events and activities of college
during the service.

Professional Qualification:

Chartered Accountant:

Professional Qualification Institute/University
Year of
Passing Marks {%}

Professional Competence
Examination [P.C.E.]

ICAI May-2011 308/600 {51.33}

Common Proficiency Test [C.P.T.] ICAI Feb-2007 108/200 {54.00}



Academic Qualification:

Academic
Qualification

Institute University Year ofPassing Marks {%}

Master of
Commerce

S.P.B V.N.S.G.U.,Surat March-2011 62.00

Bachelor of
Commerce

S.P.B V.N.S.G.U.,Surat March-2009 51.00

H.S.C. S.D.A ISCE, NEW DELHI March-2006 66.00

Articleship Training:

Organization: Kishor Gheewala & Co, Surat.
[A Surat based Chartered Accountants’ Firm, serving Corporate World in the field of
Audit, taxation and management Consultancy Services.]

Period: Three and Half years.

Job Profile: I had been engaged in various statutory and internal audits of companies
as team leader. We were also conducting tax audit of companies, partnership firms,
and individual entities. Apart from that, we were providing management consultancy
to our clients in the area of direct tax, indirect tax, project finance and company law.

Personal Information:

Hobbies                              : Reading, Listening music, Watching Cricket

D.O.B : 18/11/1988

Languages Known              : English, Hindi, and Gujarati

Personality Trait:

A Dynamic, Smart, Disciplined and extremely hard working person.

Strength: Dedicated and Passionate for the work assigned, like to work in a group
and have good leadership qualities.


