












































Flat No

	NIKITA MANSHARAMANI

	niksy.mansha1@gmail.com
Mob: 8884575861


Summary:

2+ years experience as an IT professional with experience in Automation Testing and Agile Methodology.
· Experience in Selenium Webdriver.
· Excellent analytical, logical and Problem solving skills.

· Strong experience in performing Functional and Non-Functional testing.
· Strong experience in test case Design and Execution
· Strong experience in Defect Tracking using Jira
· Experience in writing SQL queries. 
· Elementary knowledge in Web services testing (REST).
Employment History:

	# 01: TANGOE INDIA SOFTEK SERVICES PRIVATE LIMITED, BANGALORE

	Aug  2016 – Till Date
	Working as Test Engineer


Educational Qualifications:

	M.C.A
	Oriental Institute of Science and Technology, Bhopal.
	RGPV Bhopal
	85%

	B.C.A
	Sri Sathya Sai College For Women Bhopal.
	Barkatullah University Bhopal
	88%

	XII
	Saint Francis Convent Inter School Jhansi.
	ICSE Board
	68%

	X
	Saint Francis Convent High School Jhansi.
	ICSE Board
	61%


Technical Skills:

	Databases
	MySQL.

	Programming Languages
	Core Java.

	Operating Systems
	Windows Family

	Defect Tracking Tools
	Jira

	Web services Tool
	Postman

	Other
	Selenium Webdriver, TestNG, Excel 2013


Experience Highlights:

1. Always worked as core member of team 
2. Got the feedback in various managerial discussions as matured, always helping and taking initiative.

3. Consistently received appreciation from both, the managers and the clients.
4. Mentoring and nurturing new team members
Brief about projects:
	# 01. ATLAS

	Client
	TANGOE

	Role
	Test Engineer

	Testing Approach
	Automation  Testing

	Front End
	HTML, JSP

	Platform
	Microsoft Windows

	Duration
	NOVEMBER 2016 – till date

	Summary
	Tangoe Atlas is a single, unified platform that delivers visibility into the inventory, usage and spends of mobile and network assets. Atlas revolutionizes the way businesses manage, measure and track the impact of mobile and telecom expenses on their organization, enabling increased productivity, reduced IT costs, and improved forecasting and data security. 

	Contributions
	1. Participation in test design and creating test documents with the development team.
2. Regular interactions with client to get functional queries resolved and understand the functionality properly.
3.  Types of Testing done:

· Functional Testing

· Non-Functional Testing
5. Identified Testcase.
6. Developed Generic and Project Specific Methods.
7. Converted Test case to scripts using TestNG framework
8. Data drived the test scripts using POI
9. Involved in peer review
10. Involved in executing, analyzing and publishing the result


Declaration

I assure your excellence that the information given above is true to the best of my knowledge and belief. I wish to have a long term mutually beneficial relationship with an organization where I can contribute towards betterment of company.
Place: Bangalore, India. 





(Nikita Mansharamani) 

