













































docx


 

 

     

Madhusmita Barik 

Mobile: 9967326075  

Email : madhusmitabarik863@gmail.com 

     

 

Career Objective: 

 

To be a part of an organization where I can fully utilize my skills and make a significant 

contribution to the success of the employer and at the same time my individual growth. 

 

A Brief Overview : 

 

A HR professional with experience of 3 year's in Post Recruitment Process, Employee Induction, 

Employee Engagement Activities, Training. 

I am associated with Thyrocare technologies Limited - Turbhe Navii Mumbai, as a Sr. HR 

Executive. 

Possess strong interpersonal, communication skills and people management skills, positive 

attitude & adaptable to the demanding situations. 

 

Career Highlights : 

 

Organisation  : Thyrocare technologies Limited - Turbhe Navii Mumbai 

Duration  : Since June 2014 - Till Present. 

Designation  : Sr. HR Executive. 

Industry  :  India's first fully automated diagnostic laboratory. 

 

Primary Responsibilities  : 

 

HR Operations : 

Responsible for new joiner’s induction. 

Handled day-to-day Hr activities and coordination with internal departments. 

Joining Formalities & Exist formalities. 

Generating Offer, Appointment, conformation, Experience, reliving and full & final documents. 

Confirmation letter for the employees after the completion of the probation. 

Training Administration- Security, Attendance, and Transportation. 

 

Employee-Engagement activities  : 

 

Coordinated for various events like  Festival Celebrations, Diwali & New Year Celebrations, 

Cultural activities & other welfare activities. 

 

Professional Qualification  : 

 

2012-2014 MBA (HR/Marketing) Institute of Management and Information Technology, Orissa. 

 

Academia  : 

 

2008-2011 B.A Ravenshaw University, Cuttack(Orissa) 

2006-2008 H.S.C Ravenshaw University, Cuttack(Orissa) 

2005-2006 S.S.C Cambridge School, Cuttack(Orissa) 



 

 

 

Summer Internship  : 

 

Organization  : Paradip Port Trust.  

Role  : Summer Trainee 

Duration  : 6 Months. 

 

 

Personal Information: 

 

Name   :    Madhusmita Barik 

Gender   :   Female 

Marital Status               :   Unmarried 

Date of Birth                  :  16 June,1989  

Permanent Address       :  D/O- C R Barik, Jobra Mazhi Sahi, College Square,  

     Cuttack, Orissa. 

PresentAddress              :       Vashi, Navi Mumbai. 

 

 

Declaration  : 

I hereby declare all the above-mentioned information to be true to the best of my knowledge and 

belief. 

 

Date  : 

Place  :Mumbai 


