














































Srinivas.S
Accountant                                                                                 Mobile: 9160358535
Infosys BPM Ltd                                                                     E-mail: srinivaspandu684@gmail.com                                                          

CARRER OBJECTIVE

To work in a competitive and challenging environment where there is a scope for contributing to
     Development of organization, enrich my skills and excel myself in my career.

Work experience 

 Working at Infosys BPM from 2ndJuly 2014 to present as an Accountant (3.9 years)

Main responsibilities 

Finance:

· Creating Monthly & Quarterly estimation cost
· Creating Purchase orders (Procure to Pay) through ME21N for subcontractors of Infosys global consulting.
· Sharing country wise cost to the management.
· Coordinating with Internal and statutory auditors.
· Discussing with the management over Quarterly subcontractor budget.
· Analyzing activity hours/days with the client and vendor billing.
· Getting clarified at client level if any activity quantity does not match with vendor and client billing.
· Discussing with SAP FICO team for any new requirements at business level.
· Providing day to day budget utilization status to the management.
· Comparing actuals with the plan.

Procurement:

· Creation of Employee ID in SAP for Subcontractors onboarded in Infosys Global consulting.
· Extending the Subcontract with appropriate approvals.
· Terminating the subcontract as soon as the contract is ended with HR confirmation.
· Providing weekly subcontract employee status to the management.

KEY SKILLS
                        
· Effective communication and interpersonal skills.
· Ability to work in a team or as an individual.
· Positive attitude.
· Good presentation skills.
· Able to grasp new ideas, concepts and methods.
· Quick learner.
· Self-motivated. 
· Excellent verbal and written communication skills.

QUALIFICATIONS

	Exam
Passed
	Year of
passing
	University/Board
	Name of
Institution
	Specialization
	%age /
Marks

	DEGREE
	2014
	RAYALASEEMA UNIVERSITY A.P
	National Degree College Nandyal, Kurnool(D)
	B.COM (COMPUTERS)
	78%

	INTER
	2011
	INTERMEDIATE
	Rao’s Junior College
Nandyal, Kurnool(D)
	M.E.C
	72%

	10th
	2009
	SSC
	Vijayavani Public School Nandyal, Kurnool(D)
	Compulsory subjects
	75%




Skills:

 Accounting:
·  Certified in Fundamental accounting, Accounts payable, Accounts receivable and General ledger at Infosys.

Technical:
· Trained in SAP FICO at Infosys.

Soft skills:
              Excellent interpersonal skills the ability to interact with management, staff and clients at all levels.

Personal Profile: 
Name                         : S.Srinivas
Father’s name            : S.V.Narayana
D.O.B                         : 06-06-1993                                                            
Nationality                 : Indian                                                                        
Languages                  : English, Hindi and Telugu
Marital status             : Single
Gender                      : Male
Permanent address    : 30/684, Bommala satram, Nandyal, Kurnool (D), AP, PIN: 518502.
Present address         : H.no: 433, KPHB, Kukatpally, Hyderabad, Telangana, PIN: 500072.

DECLARATION 

 I hereby declare that the information furnished above is true to the best of my knowledge.

 
  Date:
  Place: Hyderabad.								(Srinivas.S)
