














































·Total  IT experience  3

Sai Thulasi Ram                                                    sai.thulasiram@gmail.com

Overview 








    

       


·  Total IT experience of 9.5 years in Java/J2EE, React/Redux and PLSQL.
· Currently working as Technical Lead in Aricent India.
· Worked as Senior Software Engineer in Wipro Technologies India.

· Experience in “Product Development, Support & Maintenance, Software Development”. 
· Expertise in React, Redux and ES6, JQuery, Knockout, D3, Google MAP, Am Charts JavaScript API
· Expertise in Java,  PL SQL, spring, HTML5, JSP, Servlets, SOAP/REST Web services, Design patterns, UML, UNIX Shell scripting, CORBA.

· Have done POC using Flume and Hive and have decent knowledge about other Hadoop eco system components such as Map Reduce, Sqoop and Hbase.
· Excellent Communication skills and articulation ability.

Education 








    

       


Aug 2003 - May2007      Sri Venkateswara University College of Engineering, India

            


  (B.Tech) Bachelor of Technology

           


  Major: Electrical and Electronics Engineering
Technical Skills









   

	Language
	Java (Java 2 to Java 8), Java Swing, PLSQL, Python

	Web Based
	JSP, Servlet, JavaScript, AJAX, XML, JDBC

	Web Services
	SOAP based and Restful web services

	JavaScript frameworks
	JQuery, Knockout, D3, Google MAP API, Am Charts, React, Redux 

	Java Framework
	Spring, ZK

	IDE
	Eclipse 
NetBeans

	Application/Web Servers  
	Tomcat, WebLogic

	Database-Related
	Oracle, MYSQL.

	Architectural 
	UML, OOD, Design Patterns.

	Version Control
	CVS, Clearcase

	Operating System
	Windows, Solaris,HPUX


POC









    

Analyzing Twitter Data Using CDH

Product description:
This application is mainly for analyzing Twitter data using a variety of CDH components, including Flume and Hive.
Environment:

Technology: - Flume, Hive  

Project Details









    

Company: - CalAmp, US
Team: LO (Product Development).

Product Name: - Lender Outlook(lenderoutlook.calamp.com)
Project Description:-
H/W which sends data collected from the device to server. Here I am part of the UI development team where I write web interface for the device, it includes features like, reporting, data tables, admin functionality, dashboard and many more. 
Environment:

Technology: - React JS, Redux, JSX, JavaScript, ES6, Eslint, Babel, Web Pack, NPM, Css, Html, Material UI
Operating System: - Windows.

Team Size: 6.

Duration: - 6 months (from Mar 2017 till now) 
Role: - Lead UI Developer 

Responsibility:

· As a Functional Group Lead was responsible for the successful development of the module.  
· Developed modules as per the tight timelines from the clients.  
· Responsible for key design and architectural decisions in the product, based on a highly-scalable, service-oriented framework, using React, Redux, HTML5.

· Responsible for gathering the business information, designing, development, testing and    

      deployment.

· Designing and implementation using Design patterns
Company: - EMC Satcom, Norway
Team: Train Location Software (Product Development).

Product Name: - RailLine UI Software.

Project Description:-
The Software will serve as an aid to specialized operators sitting at an Operation’s Center where traffic is planned based on pre-defined demand for cargo and passenger loads. The network infrastructure allowing the data and voice communication among Operation’s Center, Train Stations and Trains leverages on a Satellite VSAT system. All Trains, Train Stations and Operation’s Center will be equipped with a satellite terminal allowing the flow of data and voice communication among them.

Environment:

Technology: - HTML5, Knockout JS, D3, JQuery, Java/J2EE, PLSQL, JSP, Java Script, spring, Design Pattern, UML
Operating System: - Windows.

Team Size: 12.

Duration: - 1 years (from August 2012 –August 2013) 
Role: - Senior Java Developer 

Responsibility:

· As a Functional Group Lead was responsible for the successful development of the module.  
· Developed modules as per the tight timelines from the clients.  
· Responsible for key design and architectural decisions in the product, based on a highly-scalable, service-oriented framework, using Java, Knockout JS, D3, HTML5.

· Responsible for gathering the business information, designing, development, testing and    

      deployment.

· Designing and implementation using Design patterns
Company: - EMC Satcom, Norway
Product: SatLink WebNMS.
Product description: -
The SatLink WebNMS (Network Management System) is an integral and essential part of the total SatLink Hub system which provides FCAPS functionality of the network. It is used to configure and control all aspects of a SatLink network, including the Hub, all its carriers, VSATs, VSAT Groups, plus all its services, QoS policies and related features. It also collects a wide range of performance and accounting data, providing graphical displays and tabular reports of this data for analysis by network operators.

The communication between a client and the SatLink NMS application is achieved through

• HTTPS – using WebNMS, a Web GUI-based application

• XML over HTTPS – using SOAP and REST based API

Environment:

Technology: - Java 7, PLSQL, Python, JSP , Google MAP API , Amcharts, JQuery,  Spring, ZK, SOAP/REST Web services,  UML, UML Designing(Class Diagram, Sequence Diagram, Use Case Diagram), Tomcat,  JIRA.
Operating System: - Windows.

Team Size: 20.

Duration: - 3.7 years (from August 2013 -Mar 2017) 
Role: - Technical Lead
Responsibility:

· Agile methodology.

· Analysis and study of the existing object model and designing new Object model. 

· Understanding of the existing system, Requirements gathering for the new modules and 

   refining the existing requirements.

· Development in Java, PLSQL to manage EMC SatLink equipment.
· Implementing SOAP/REST Wevbservices
· Worked on Upgrade, migration module from java and Oracle side.
· Worked on Jira
· Writing and execution of python and selenium scripts.

· Writing/executing test case.

Company: - Ciena Networks (Nortel Networks), Canada
Location: Ottawa, Canada.

Product: - Network Data Server (Product Development).
Project Description:-

 The NDS is a NMS component of NORTEL which consolidates data from different EMS (Element Management Systems) and store in its database and sends to the clients on request. The Northbound Interface of NDS provides CORBA based interface to clients and handles request. The Southbound Interface Provides ability to learn the network through communication through XDR. Data Management Layer allows for the restriction and identification of monitored network devices.
Environment:

Technology: Java, Swing, CORBA, Shell Scripting, PLSQL, JAXB, MySQL. 
Operating System: - Solaris, HP-UX
Team Size: 30
Duration: - 4.7 years (from December 2007 –July 2012) 
Role: - Java Developer
Responsibility:

· Responsible for key design and architectural decisions in the "next generation" product, based on a highly-scalable, service-oriented framework, using Java, CORBA and Shell Scripting.

· Responsible for gathering the business information, designing, development, testing and deployment.
· Responsible for onsite Coordination.
· Designing and implementation using Design patterns, UML diagram. 

Personal Details


   



                             -
Name 

          :           Sai Thulasi ram Ramachandruni
Email id                    :           sai.thulasiram@gmail.com 
Contact no 
          :
          +919986728008

