







































Jaya Sharma

Ravindra Kumar Tripathi
Java developer (R. &. D)

Email: ravitripathi110@gmail.com 




C333B– New Ashok Nagar
 







New Delhi - 110096
Mob:   91-8076813201,9716881432







OBJECTIVE:
To work on present & future based technologies & achieve excellence through endeavor & hard work and to grow intellectually as an individual and as a part of team working towards achieving organizational goal. 
SUMMARY:
Two years 4 Months of hands on experience in IT. Extended expertise in evaluating end-user requirements, software development, R .& D. for product enhancements, bug fixing in development and  support.

Functions independently on multiple projects. I also possess excellent management and communication skills. 
Clear and concise oral and written communication, comfort dealing with senior internal and external staff.
Ability to identify project requirements, manage multiple processes towards meeting those requirements, and coordinate efforts of staff from multiple functions.
Ability to perform under deadline pressure, strong time management, facility with multi-tasking and able to re-prioritize tasks in response to changing business needs.
Creativity and sense of design/coding aesthetics, with focus on end user perspective/ experience.
SKILLS:


Prog. Languages:  C, C++, Java (Core & Advance)



Databases: My-Sql, Oracle 10g, Ms-access
Scripting Languages: JavaScript, Jquery 

Web Languages: Html, Css, Bootstrap
Operating System:  Windows XP, 7, 8, 8.1, 10, Linux 

Tools: My-Eclipse, Net-Beans, Eclipse, Jasper Reports
Web-server: Apache Tomcat, Web Logic.
Having knowledge in version control systems like CVS.
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY:
Sun Certified Java Professional (SCJP) with 80 %.
                                        Completed a Java, J2ee Course with certification from Ormat infotech, Gr-noida.

                                        Knowledge in 3-tier and Client-Server architectures, Design Patterns.
EDUCATION:

Professional Qualification:
 

Master in Computer Science (MCA) (2012-2015) from Galgotias University (GU), Uttar Pradesh, India with an aggregate of 80.0 % (Hons. Degree).

Academic Qualification:

           

Post Graduation (M.C.A) from Galgotias University with 80% in 2015. 



Graduation (B.C.A) from KBITM Faizabad with 66% in 2012.
H.S.S.C. from U.P. Board with 56% in 2009.
H.S.C. from U.P. Board with 59% in 2007.
EXPERIENCE: 

Saigun Technologies Pvt. Ltd [Java Developer (R&D)] 
Saigun (www.saigun.com) is a product and service providing company having the specialization 
in HR module of ERP. It has its own product called EmpXtrack (www.empxtrack.com) for 
tracking employees within an organization which comprises various sub modules. 

Saigun technology has been deployed in business-critical environments by marquee customers such as:





HCL, RBI, Verchaska, Benetton,Visvero,Omnitech,Indiabulls,Akums etc.

Jun 01 – Present  
Key Responsibilities:
· Continues Research and development for product enhancement.

· Responsible for fixing bugs logged by testing team of application in base product.
· Responsible for developing the web components especially writing business logic and work flow.

· The work involved design, implementation and coding in XML, Java, J2EE and JSP, Template, etc.
· Implement the workflow of the whole project using various design patterns like MVC. J2EE Patterns in each tier.

· Interaction with the client though out the project life cycle. 
EXPERIENCE: 

Microweb Systems [Associate Java developer]
Microweb Systems is a leading ISO 9001-2008 certified IT solutions provider in India. Which offers a wide range of creative solutions to meet clients business, needs in a various verticals. Microweb systems provide end to end dynamic solutions in various technologies.
Jan 15 – May 15  
Key Responsibilities:
· Responsible for fixing bugs logged by testing team of application.
· Responsible for writing business logic and coding in Java, Xml, Jsp etc.

· Interaction with the client though out the project life cycle.

PROJECT SUMMARY: Project: EmpXtrack (Integrated HRMS Product).
                                       Team Size: 4
                                       Environment: Java,Design Pattern,Struts,JSP,Servlet,MySQL,Tomcat,Saigun API.
                                       Key Deliverables:
· Enhancement to the existing applications.

· Development of new functionalities required.

· Product customization as per the business needs.

· Responsible for developing the web components (writing business logic).
Project : Triton (Automated education domain system). 
Team Size: 5
Environment: Java, spring, JSP, Servlet, MySQL, Tomcat.
Key Deliverables:

· Responsible to writing code for the application.

· Database management
ACHIEVEMENTS: 
1st Prize winner at Inter-School Debate competition at District level.



2nd Prize winner of TECH-QUIZ 2014 in University.
PERSONAL QUALITIES:




Father’s Name:  
Manoj Kumar Tripathi



Date of Birth:

25-Oct-1991
Languages known:
English, Hindi.

Hobbies:

Listening Music, Learn new things

Marital Status:
Single

Permanent Address: V. & P.-Bhandriya Bazaar, Dist.-Siddhartha 

  Nagar, U.P. – 272189

DECLARATION:            I do hereby declare that the particulars furnished by me above are true to the best 




of my 
knowledge and belief.










         (Ravindra Kumar Tripathi)
