

















Education and Qualifications :









S.ABHISHEK
Plot no: 6, Rajendran nagar extn,
Sri Prem Nivas,
Keelkatalai
Chennai – 600117, India
Mobile No: +91-9840854941
E-Mail ID: abhisheksubramanian87@gmail.com
	
Career objective

Seeking a profile to utilize my skills and abilities in an organization that offers professional growth while being highly proficient, innovative and flexible

ABSTRACT

A competent professional with over 3.5 years of cross-functional experience in the areas of Accounts Payable, Accounts Receivables and Training at Ford Business Service Center.

Experience Summary
Ford Business Service Center, Chennai, India                                                           Designation: Senior Team Member - Accounts
From: May 2008 to Oct 2011

Accounts Payable:
Processing of invoices in the Payable sub ledger of SAP R3 (MM) and able to match  the Purchase Order along with the invoice
Ensured timely payments to supplier invoices and resolved issues relating to booking of purchase orders by contacting the Goods Reception.
Contacting customers to resolve issues relating to movement of suppliers from SAP FI to MM process and reduced the Man hours.
To process suppliers invoices in the Payable sub ledger of SAP R3 (FI)
Contacting the suppliers for divergence between the Global Supplier Database and invoices like; Bank account details, VAT registration number
	Responsible for maintenance of SAP Master Data and accounts payable, disbursement tasks.
	Handled & Analyzed Interest Invoice from the supplier



Disbursement:
Handled payment and netting proposal activities in SAP R3.
	Prepared cash forecast for the management team


Accounts Receivable:
Handling a broad scope of internal processes encompassing the daily management of billings, collections and month-end-closings.
	Analyzing the customer statements and providing supporting details to get funds from the customers (Collections)

	Resolving discrepancies by conducting meetings with the customers


	Resolving aged invoices which are having price and quantity discrepancy by means of conducting joint meetings with controller’s & Customers



Audits:

	Supported Internal Control audits and external year end audits for the department



	Reviewed Sample Testing and auditing to ensure compliance to Sarbanes – Oxley Act




Key Competencies

	Detail-Oriented, efficient and organized professional with extensive experience in accounting system.

Possess strong analytical and problem solving skill.
Certified six sigma’s yellow belt & kaizen project. 
Effective multi tasking skills.
	Performed User Acceptance testing activities for the sever ver 6.4 to ver 7.1 upgrade in SAP.
Developed Team leading skills and handled the team and performed the duties and responsibilities of team leader effectively as and when required.   
Trained and supported end user in SAP FICO module.

Technical Skills	
Software 
Operating System         	 : Windows 95/98/NT/2000/XP/Vista 
MSOFFICE:	 : proficient in MSOFFICE applications.
ERP Application	: Working knowledge in SAP FICO MM Application
Others	: Working knowledge in GAAP and Odyssey applications


Education
Degree Name
Institution
Year of Passing
B.Com
D.G. Vaishnav College, University of Madras
March 2005-2008
HSLC
Balalok Matriculation Higher Secondary School
March 2005
SSLC
Mahatma Gandhi Centenary Vidyalaya
October 2003

Personal Particulars

Name 					:	S.Abhishek

Date of Birth 				: 	18-06-1987

Sex                                              :         Male

Nationality 				: 	Indian

Passport no				:	G3997873

Father’s Name 			: 	R. Subramanian

Languages Known 			: 	English, Hindi, and Tamil.

Contact Number			: 	+91-9840854941	 

E-mail Id 				: 	abhisheksubramanian87@gmail.com

Current Address                        	:	Plot no.6, Sri Prem Nivas (First Floor),
	                                                   Rajendran Nagar Extension, Keelkattalai, 
                              	                              Chennai 600 117

