


































NOVO NORDISK




ACCENTURE

(Drug Safety Associate)
(Medical Services Analyst
-Pharmacovigilance)




Accenture Pvt. Ltd., Bangalore - Medical services analyst 

Novo Nordisk, Bangalore- Drug Safety Associate


SRM Medical College Hospital and Research Centre, Chennai-Clinical/Hospital Pharmacist- Jul’14-Jun’15




	
	

	Date of Birth 
	17-Nov-1991

	Address
	29/18, Koner Homes, South thirumalai nagar, Main street, Villivakkam, Chennai- 600049

	Contact Information
	Ph: +91-8608951541
Mail: vasini.nayr@gmail.com

	Soft Skills
	Communication skills, Analytical skills, Organizational skills, problem solving quality.

	Language Proficiencies
	Fluent in English, Malayalam, Tamil, Hindi and Telugu



	12th standard - 2009
	Maharishi Vidya Mandir (CBSE)
	80%

	Pharm D (Doctor of Pharmacy) - 2015
	SRM College of Pharmacy, SRM University, Chennai
	85%


Academic Details



Personal Details





Awards and Recognition       





Clinical Pharmacist:

Patient counseling, assessing medication charts, providing drug information to physicians, patients and other health care professionals, conducted seminars, participated in medical camps and promote rational use of medications and medical devices.

Hospital Pharmacist:

Posted in hospital pharmacy with an overall working hours of 120 hours exposed to dispensing, inventory control, prescription handling and management.



Awarded "SILVER MEDAL" for Pharm.D, 2009-2015, SRM University 

Awarded as “Quality champion” for the month May-2017, Accenture.

“Encore Business Award” Jan'17 to Feb'17 & Sep'17 to Feb'18 Accenture



Triage:

Tracking, collecting and reporting of adverse events triggered via Global Workflow EDC (electronic data capture system) and customer complaints through mailbox, to give an analysis of adverse events in Argus database.

Case processing:

Handling of non-serious spontaneously reported adverse events,

Performing medical evaluation of solicited ICSR's (reports including from non-interventional studies PSP's (Patient support program) and MRP's (Market research program)

Ensuring accurate and consistent coding of events with the use of MedDRA, Evaluating causality and listedness based on CCDS (company core data sheet).

Assessing the need for follow up information and issue follow up requests.



Handling of non-serious spontaneous reports, solicited reports, social media reports, registry reports, patient support program reports, market research program reports in Argus database.

Ensuring accurate and consistent coding of events, medical history with the use of MedDRA, evaluating causality and listedness based on CCDS, CAPM, SmPC, IB, USPI. 

Narrative writing and PSUR writing.

Recognised as specialised pregnancy case processor, handled special pregnancy project.

Assisted quality control team and medical reviewer team.

Assisted in mentorship of the new joiners.



Work Experience – Roles and Responsibilities 



Jul’ 15 – Feb’16



Apr’ 16 - Present



Vaishnavi

(Medical Services Analyst)





Professional Timeline



Seeking opportunity in the field of pharmacovigilance

Nearly 3yrs experience in pharmacovigilance, with expertise in coding principles, submission criteria, regulatory timeline requirements, and recent guidelines.

Expertise in quality management procedures and compliance monitoring.







Industry preference: Market Research/Healthcare





Page 2

