














































Sudhir Kumar
Address:B-371,Sector-20,Noida UP:: Email: sudhirkumar_13@yahoo.com

Mobile: +91 8010499436, 7042716699
Career Objective: I strive to work for an organization, where I can prove my capabilities and also improve my knowledge and skill set. My goal is not only to excel in my assigned job but also to become an immediate asset to the organization.

Professional  Qualification
· Completed MCA from Amity school of computer science Noida (2012).
· Completed BSC HNB Garhwal   University U.K (2008).
Areas of Expertise-SDP
·  Worked on UNIX , Linux & Windows platforms.
· Knowledge of VAS product SDP (MB), NDS,MEDIATION (EL)
· Tools – MaxIT, Cyber Ark, Service Now.
Professional Experience
· A competent professional with an overall experience of 4.2 years in Telecom I.T Industry.

· Experience in SDP NDS,MB
· Experience in Handling of Linux/Unix servers & database.

	Period
	Company Name
	Role

	26-July-2017 to till date
14-Sep -2014 to 25-July-2017

	Sampark software Solutions PVT LTD

IBM India Pvt ltd.(Net Connect, Collebera Pvt ltd.)


	 System Engineer

System Engineer


Description

Position                            System Engineer 
Project                             Airtel (SDP- NDS,MB)
Technologies                   Linux (SUSE,RHEL),Unix(AIX),Web sphere Application server, Oracle.
Ticketing Tool                Maximo,Maxit,Service Now.
NDS:- Nds (Network directory Server) implement the subscriber directory in a database with a hierarchical tree like structure. In the tree structure each node is an entity which has a predefined structure containing related attribute. These entries together form the directory which is also referred to as directory information base (DIB).the structure of the DIB is shown by the directory information tree (DIT).the subscriber directory would contain information that would enable the sdp component to discover and deliver various services.

Responsibilities:-
o
Monitoring the servers and regularly checking logs to identify issues

o
We are creating, updating, and deleting the profile of the customer like-email id, Name etc.

             We are updating millions of data with the help of LDAP Query (milliseconds)

o
Having knowledge of ticketing tool  like MaxIT, Service Now.

o
Exposure to client interaction and 24X7 support.

o
Perform the Health Check of Linux Servers

o
Preparation of Reports and Deliver with Stakeholders on daily/weekly and monthly basis.

o
Handle the Troubleshooting for raised Trouble Ticket and issues.

o
Coordination with n no. of teams.
MB:-  MB (Message Broker) works as a Mediator between SMSC and CP (Content provider) to manage the traffic of Revenue              and Non-Revenue Message.

· Working as L1 support engineer to provide the service, system availability of MB with SMSC and CP services for Bharti-      Airtel for PAN India.

· Application Nodes – MB (Message Broker.

· RESPONSIBILITIES –

· Handling Messages P2A and A2P Flow (MO/MT).

· Logs Analysis for Any Issue in Message Delivery from SMSC and CP.

· Work on Production Server.

· Integration of LA (Large Account) and CP (Content Provider).

· Short Code Configuration for Messages Like 121,139.

· Hands on Experience on MAXIT (Ticketing Tool) For Interacting With Other IBM

· Teams and Business.

· Routine Health Check and Application Monitoring.

· Daily Report Preparation for All the Nodes Undertaken.

Achievements
·  NSS certificate holder –National Service Scheme.
  Curricular activities
· Participated in cultural activities as an organizer at college level.

· Participated in Basket Ball and Carom at College level.
· Stood Runner up in state level Cricket

Personal Information
                                                                     Fathers Name:          Mr. SET BAN
                                                                     Date of Birth:           13 march 1987
                                                                     Gender: 
           Male
                                                                     Marital Status:          Single
                                                                     Address:                   B-371 sec-20
                                                                                                       Noida
Declaration -: I hereby declare that the Information given above is true to the best of my knowledge.

Place:-Noida

Sudhir Kumar
