














































 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Duration: March 2018- Present | DATA RESEARCHER I  

Organization: S & P Global Market Intelligence, Ahmedabad  

 

Roles and Responsibilities: 

 Working as DR I in Duplicate Management department 

 Handling/ Management of duplicate entities record in the database: Research and analysis 
to identify duplicate entities in the database 

 Merging of two records in the databases with standard legacy with the help of tools and 
software 

 Technical writing: Research and development on tools, fluency on backend tools such as 
SNL's WEST, WESTX and GENERICBACKFILLER and CIQ'S CELSUS and DealTrack 

 Documentation: Data/Records Management ; Maintaining and Preparation of notes and 
procedural documents; Handling Mails 

 

Project Execution  

1. Bank Identifiers (ECB Project): A project related to European central bank wherein the role was 
identification of European banks information in the database 

2. Covered Companies Project: identification and management of duplicate records on SNL side 
linked with one CapIQ record 

 

Career Objective

• Dedicated management professional, eager to contribute exceptional core and soft skills and 
looking towards an employer in driving growth and development

Profile Summary:

• Expiriences as a role of data researcher I

• Completed MBA With dual specialization in finance and marketing

• Acting as a role of Peer Guide to new employees

• Versatile and able to quickly master new roles, responsblities and technologies

Pariyanta Sawlani 

92- A, Shivdham Colony, 

Khandwa Road, Indore, (M.P) 

Mobile No: +91-97139-55307 

Email Id: spariyanta@gmail.com 

D.O.B.: 31/01/1994 

 

 

 

 

 

Work expirience: 

 

mailto:spariyanta@gmail.com


 
 

Management 

 Acting as a peer guide to new employees, ensuring attention to detail and comprehensive 
understanding of research and methodology 

 Member of food committee for the team: management of food for events and celebration 

Recognition: 

 Received Bronze Ace award for the appreciatable performance in the covered companies 
project 

 

Internship: 

 Duration: 15/06/2017- 5/07/2017- 45 days  

Organization: Kamal Masale-Mohanlal Prahlad Das Co.,Indore 

Role: Assistance to Factory Manager  

 Documentation: Preparation of invoices, maintaining records 

 Inventory management 

 

 

Examination Board/University Year Percentage(%) 

 
M.B.A. (Finance+ Marketing) P.I.M.R. (DAVV) 2018 77 

B.Com (Hons.) P.I.M.R. (DAVV) 2015 70 

H.S.C. (XII) (Financial Marketing Management) C.B.S.E. 2012 87 

 
S.S.C.(X) C.B.S.E. 2010 64 

 

 

Known Language: English, Hindi 

Hobbies: Reading Books; Cooking; Playing Lawn Tennis; Sketching and Painting; Listening Music; 
Watching Movies 

  

Education 

Personal Profile 

 Certificates: 

 
• NCFM Level A cleared  

• Certified course of calligraphy, 

• Certificate course of sketching 

 Core Competencies 

Strategic Analysis/ Planning;                       
Data/ Records Management;                
Proficiency in MS-Office; 
Know-How of MS- SQL; 
 
 

Familiar with Technical Writing- working on different 
tools and software: Celsus/ West/ Westx/Generic 
backfiller; 

Good communication- oral and written. 

 
 



 
 

 


