













































	                                             
CURRICULUM VITAE




	         
Mukesh C.Kathawate
Bachelor Of Arts(English)                                                                           

Mukesh.kathawate@gmail.com
+91-8421861305


Address for Correspondence:

C/o DR.C.M.Kathawate,
Flat No.504,siddhi complex, kopre rd, uttamnagar,
 Pune-412108.
 

Permanent Address:

A/P,Bhugaon,
 Tal-Mulshi,pune
PN-412108


Personal Profile:

Date of Birth     :  23rd Aug,1988
Gender               :  Male
Nationality         :  Indian
Marital Status     : Married
Proficiency         :  English, Hindi, Marathi.



Self Appraisal:
I am patient and confident, always willing to learn, determined and dedicated towards work.









Key Skills  :
1. Good communication
2. Good listener
3. Quick adaptability to
     Situations & environment                            
                        

	
Career Objective
To provide my best to the organization and attain new heights in the corporate world through hard work, utmost dedication, sincerity and organizational   growth.

Experience: 02 YEARS EXP. In Affinity Express India Pvt Ltd as a  Data analyst and Quality check.

 Job description:

To process sales orders
All sales orders must be processed in the oracle 9.1 application. The processed sales orders are transferred from the regular database to the history database.
· Customer approval
· Overview of sales order handling
· Overview of terms and conditions
· The outbound procedure
· The shipment procedure
· To use templates and catalogs in sales orders and quotations
       Also  handled quality of the other production associates.




Academic Profile
· Bachelor of Arts  YCMOU ,Nasik University .

· Higher Secondary School(HSC) from Dr. D.A Ohara Jr College (Maharashtra Board) with  Higher Second Class(Feb 2006)


· School Secondary Education (SSC) from D.G.S.V High School,S’ner(Maharashtra Board) with aggregate 80.93%(March 2004).

  
Technical Skill
Languages          :  C,C++,Java.J2EE.,Oracle9i.
Operating system: WINDOW XP,VISTA.WINDOWS 8.
Electives             : Artificial Intelligence, Distributed Systems.
             

Achievements

· Open Merit Scholarship holder of S.S.C (2004)
· Passed in Bharati University Maths exams with Distintion .
· Participated in various Robotics Workshops. 



Interests
· News paper Reading
· Playing cricket, travelling,Listening Music
· Surfing on Internet.
· Trekking



References	
· References are furnished on the request.

Declaration	
I hereby declare that the information provided above is correct.

Salary

Salary Expected                 :     AS PER COMPANY’S  NORM.












Date:                                                                                     (Mukesh Kathawate)
	


