
















































ajai dba resume


 

 

 

    CURRICULUM VITAE 
 

                                                                                     

Sandeep Suresh Patil,                          Email: sandeep74patil@gmail.com 

HSR Layout,                                                    Mobile: +91-7411208412. 

Bangalore                                                         Work Experience: 2 years  

                                                      

                                            

 

 

Career Objective 
 

Seeking a challenging career in a professional and quality environment where my skills 

and knowledge can be enriched to my potentials. 

 

 

Technical Skills 
 

 Core And Advance Java 

 Web application development  

 MVC Architecture Using Spring framework (Maven) 

 Hibernate framework 

 MySQL Workbench Database 

 RESTful Web Service 

 Hands on Front End Development 

 HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap, Angular JS 1.0, JQuery  

 Spring-Boot and Angula4 
 

 

 

   

Organization details 

Organization Robert Bosch Engineering and Business Solutions Private Limited 

Duration From Jan-2016 – Till date 

Role Full Stack Developer 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



 

 

 

Work Experience  

 

Project 1) 

 

Project:  Autoplatte Configurator Tool 

Client:  Robert Bosch Internal Project, (10Months) 

Description:  The Software being designed is an Intranet web application to 

search for available configurations based on the excel inputs 

and create new configurations if not exist. Creation of new 

configuration is based on specific process & the same to be 

updated in Team Center & NX. 

Position:  Software Engineer  

Environment:  Web application with MVC architecture. 

Tools/Technologies Java, Hibernate, Spring framework, Maven, JQuery, XML, 

JavaScript, MySQL, JBoss application server. 

 

Project 2) 

 

Project:  GD&T Web Based Application 

Client:  Robert Bosch North America (8Months) 

Location:  North America 

Description:  The scope of this project is to develop a user interface where 

designer can upload the reports, reviewer can review and track 

the reports generated by the GDT Checker tool which runs on 

NX. 

 

Position:  Software Engineer  

Environment:  Web application with MVC architecture. 

Tools/Technologies Java, Hibernate, JavaScript, Angular JS, MySQL. 

 

Project 3) 

 

Project:  Employee Service 

Client:  Robert Bosch Department Internal Project (4months, cont..) 

Description:  The scope of this project is to develop a user interface where 

Managers can keep track of his/her employee Details and 

Project status, Leave Status within Dept.  

 

Position:  Software Engineer  

Environment:  Web application with MVC architecture. 

Tools/Technologies Spring-Boot, Angular4, MySQL, Restful Web services. 



 

 

 

 

Education Qualification  

 

Degree Institution 

Year Of 

Passing 

B.E     SJBIT , Bangalore 

 

2015 

12th                               J.N.V,Belgaum 2011 

10th                               J.N.V,Belgaum 2009 

 

 

Personal Details 

Date of Birth 13th DEC 1992 

Nationality Indian 

Marital Status Single 

E-mail sandeep74patil@gmail.com 

Contact Number +91 74112 08412 

Language Known English, Kannada 

 

           

Declaration 

 

I hereby declare that the above-mentioned information is correct up to my knowledge 

and I bear the responsibility for the above-mentioned particulars. 

 

Date: 

Place: Bangalore                                                                         (Sandeep Suresh Patil) 


