










































THIRU

Subbarayudu
raayudu.mf@gmail.com
Ph: +91-8123488130
Carrier Objective:

 To work in a challenging environment where I can prove my logical and technical skills and thrive towards achieving higher standards through innovation and constant learning.

Professional Summary:

· Having 3.6 Years of experience in Mainframes technologies.

· Worked extensively in COBOL, JCL,NATURAL,FOCUS and ISPF languages and well versed with Databases like DB2, IMSDB and ADABAS, and OS concepts. Having good knowledge in CICS. 

· Experienced in complete project life cycle development including Analysis, Design, Coding and Unit Testing & Maintenance.
· Worked extensively with the Onsite – Offshore model, Co-ordination with Onsite, understanding of client requirements, provide estimations and cost-effective solutions.

· Exclusively worked in mainframe tools like Endeavor,N2O, Xpeditor, File-AID, SPUFI, CA7, Control-M and QMF.

· Extensively experienced as mainframe software developer for both online and batch applications, with development and support in Insurance domain.
· Has good communication and interpersonal skills to interact well with colleagues in producing result-oriented methodologies.

Experience Summary:

· Working as System Engineer in IBM India Pvt Ltd, Pune since Aug’2015’ to Till Date.
· Worked as Associate Engineer in Mind Tree, Bangalore since April’2015 to June’2015’.
 Educational Qualification:

· Graduate from Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University, Hyderabad.
Software Skills:

Programming Languages
:
COBOL, JCL, NATURAL and FOCUS
Database Tools


:
DB2, IMSDB, ADABAS
Access Method


:
VSAM






OLTP



:
CICS

Tools



:  
File-Aid, Endeavor, N2O, Xpeditor, SPUFI and QMF
Operating systems

:
z/OS, WIN 98/2000, Windows XP, Windows 7/8
Project details:

Project #1








                               . 
Project Title 

:          MMSS - AFA
Technologies

:          JCL,NATURAL, COBOL, ADABAS, VSAM and DB2
Client             

:         American Fidelity Assurance
Role                

:         Team Member
Duration

:         August 2015 – Till Date
Project Description    :
American Fidelity Assurance (AFA) is an American private, family-owned life and health insurance company. It provides voluntary supplemental health insurance products (cancer, disability, life and hospital indemnity) and tax deferred annuities. to education employees, auto dealerships, health care providers and municipal workers across the United States. Headquartered in Oklahoma City, OK, AFA is a subsidiary of American Fidelity Corporation. The company has ranked on Fortune magazine’s “100 Best Companies to Work for” list nine times.

 
Main activities of the project team are production support, enhancement of in scope application including new projects following the full life cycle of software development life cycle. This includes a complete study of the existing applications by IBM Global Services for maintaining all the applications in a steady state, providing round the clock support for all the modules of the application as well as enhancing the system whenever a need arises to meet the changes in the business functionality.

Roles and Responsibilities: 

· Involving in maintenance, enhancements and development work of complex modules and those that interface with other applications.

· Providing 24/7 on call support

· Measure and monitor new requests to delivered in compliance with the Service Catalog and prevailing Service Level Agreements

· Communicating with the Onsite personnel for analysis and implementation of Work Requests.

· Involving in fixing recurring production issues by investigating root cause.

· Analysis of the Present applications system and providing users with the ways to stabilize and improve the existing Business functionality.

.
Project #2








                               . 
Project Title 

:          GDS
Technologies

:          JCL, COBOL, VSAM, DB2 and FOCUS
Client             

:         AIG Insurance

Role                

:         Team Member
Duration

:         April 2015 – June 2015
Project Description    :
AIG has obligations and opportunities that are each dependent on being able to understand the data of its global business. Its market includes Property and Casualty, Accident and Health and Consumer Lines products. 

These product portfolios hold opportunities for AIG to grow its presence in the market. Whilst striving to achieve growth in this market, AIG seek to ensure that this growth is both sustainable and profitable. In line with this strategy, the commercial lines portfolio requires a highly efficient manner for increasing policy count and operational fulfilment practices. Technology is a key enabler, and GDS is identified as the solution. The GDS job batches would process files and create reports based on the search criteria. These batches run daily, weekly, fortnightly, and quarterly, half yearly or yearly based on the need. These jobs ensure that the reports generated are accurate based on the COBOL, FOCUS or Utility run units.

Responsibilities:
· Involved in complete understanding of the requirement analysis and prepared the Design document.

· Involved in peer reviews.
