


















































SHENAZ KHAN
EDUCATION
2007‐2010          Shri Bhagwan Mahaveer Jain College
                           Centre of management studies, Bangalore
                            Bachelor of  Business Management (Specialization in Finance)
         

 
	
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
August 2014- November 2014  (4 months)
         Firmenich, Dubai, UAE
         Project Intern
          It is the largest privately-owned Swiss based company in the perfume and flavor  industry.
· Analyzed the current structures, channels, revenues, client nomenclature, and flavor potential for the distributors.
· Analysed and prioritised the smaller client /distributor's needs via surveys and interviews. Validated and recommended channel selection and change rules.
· Reviewed trading needs at the local, regional and global level including lead times, MOQ’s, batch sizes, stockholding, invoicing terms and conditions etc.
· Evaluated the business need for competitive prices at realistic margins and also evaluated the granularity and appropriateness of our existing costing, pricing, margin and reporting systems to ensure that we are competitively costing and pricing our products.
· Built profitability reports of distributors using pivot tables in excel, analyzed and compared their performance.
· Calculated the gross margins of the best selling flavours under these distributors to compare product performance.
June 2012- July 2013   (1 year 2 months)
        BNY Mellon, Pune, Maharashtra, India
      Operations Executive
        BNY Mellon is the world's largest custodian bank specialized in asset servicing for 
         commercial banks and other financial institutes. We worked closely with 40 
         American Mutual Fund Companies as a part of Financial Control Team.
· Analyzed the money movement of all the funds in a mutual fund's company of that day.
· Extracted reports from the FSR system relating to that day's trade, verified them and estimated any variance that showed up in the reports.
· Authorized and meet with settlement deadlines in sending Account Summary Reports to various department including Fund Accounting which calculates the NAV for that day.
· Reconciled all transaction in a fund and resolved any trade issues on the shareholder level by supporting the respective department in getting them resolved in time.
· Handled specific clients like Aquila and Bridgeway which was given to me as I achieved 100% accuracy in handling funds and caused zero Gain/Loss errors.

August 2010- August 2012  ( 1 year 1 month )
Accounts Payable Specialist
Jamjoom Pharma Pvt. Ltd, Jeddah, Saudi Arabia
Jamjoom Pharma is a Leading Multinational Pharmaceuticals Dealing in all the GCC Countries.

· Processed payable invoices in the Oracle Database system.
· Balanced and maintained all accounts payable reports. 
· Reconciled the SABB Bank Statement to general ledger.
		
  
 	           

CONTACT DETAILS  
E-mail: shehnaz.j.khan@gmail.com 
Mob. No.: 00918582890319

PERSONAL DETAILS
Nationality: Indian
Date of Birth: 02/Jan/1989
Driving license: None
LANGUAGES
English: Fluent 
Hindi: Fluent
Bengali: Bilingual
French: Intermediate level
Arabic: Beginner
Urdu: Beginner

COMPUTER SKILLS
Software: MS Office, Excel, C++ programming language in high school (2 years), Oracle database management system, Citrix, FSR, Aceplus, Recon, Web Image, COLD, Ace Web, SAP.

SPORTS/HOBBIES 
 Travelling, Singing, Music, Watching   Bloomberg News, Drawing.

ADDITIONAL

CSR
Worked as an active member with the NGO ‘Calvary Chapel Trust’, Bangalore and  another NGO 'Maher' in Pune associated with BNY-Mellon.
COMMMUNICATION SKILLS:

Best speaker of the Toastmaster Club, Bangalore.




