







































Manju M K M.A., M.B.A.,         

Mandagere, 

Krishnarajapet Taluq,  Email: manjunatha.blyp@gmail.com

Mandya District, Karnataka-571423  Contact: +91 7760925854

Strives to  find  appropriate  solutions  to  real  business  problems,  and to  increase

revenue and reduce cost for and to get self-satisfied by developing, conceptualizing

and testing various statistical models successfully to integrate the outcomes as real

time analytics to elevate the ability that is required to  create values.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:

 Working  as  a  Lecturer  in  Economics  at  Department  of  PG  Studies  in

Economics at Government First Grade College for Women, Hassan

 Worked as a Lecturer in Economics since Five years at the Department of

PG Studies in Economics at Government First Grade College for Women,

Holenarasipura, Hassan.

 Worked as a Lecturer in Economics since Two years at the Department of

Studies in Economics, PG Campus, Hemagangothri, University of Mysore,

Hassan.

 Worked as a Lecturer in Economics for One year at the Department of PG

Studies in Economics, Government Arts College, Hassan.

  Worked as a Financial Assistant for about Two Years at Hewlett-Packard in

Bangalore.

PROJECTS HANDLED:

 “Impact of Exchange Rate on Economic Growth in India after 

liberalization” in which tested regression and checked the causality 

between two variables by using secondary data sources.

mailto:manjunatha.blyp@gmail.com


 “An Empirical Analysis of Keynesian Consumption Function with 

reference to Lalanadevenahalli Grama Panchayathi, 

Krishnarajanagara Taluq, Mysore District., in which the consumption 

and income compared among six villages with the use of primary data

sources.

 Jan Suraksha Yojana-Transforming Social Security Measures in 

India” in which secondary data have been collected and analyzed the 

benefits of three components of Jan SurakshaYojana.

 Impact of Inflation on Economic Growth after Liberalization” in 

which secondary data have been collected and analyzed the 

relationship and impact between two variables.

 Handled as many as 20 plus Projects based on primary and secondary 

data sources on the issues relating to Grama Panchayath, Agriculture 

and Education and others.

TECHNICAL SKILLS

 Employed R and R Studio, Python, Gretl, STATA, Weka for handling

Projects.

 Knowledge on Tableau and QlikView for Visualisation

 Pursuing “Machine Learning A-Z with Python and R” at Udemy 

online.

 Pursuing “Masters Data Science with Python and R, Tableau at 

Acadgild

 Descriptive and Inferential Statistics

 Time Series Analysis and Forecasting

 Machine Learning Algorithms

 Exploratory and Predictive Data Modeling

 Classification Algorithms



 Clustering Algorithms (Segmentation Analysis)

 Association Rules

 Neural Networks

PERSONAL TRAITS:

 Advanced Analytical Skills

 Creativity in understanding the information

 Good Communication

 Knowledge on Mathematics

ACADEMIC CREDENTIALS:

 Master of Arts in Economics : Specialization in Economics and Applied 

University of Mysore,    Econometrics, Applied Econometrics 

Mysore                        Mathematical Statistics

 MBA (Finance) : Specialization in Financial Management 

Distance Education, KSOU, 

Mysore  

 Bachelor Degree : Studied all major areas of  Economics 
                                                      including Statistics & Mathematical           
                                                      Economics

Date: 11-09-2018

Place: Bangalore (MANJU M K)


