
















                                                                                             




                                                                                             

Saraswathi P A
Mobile: 9884839040
Email:  saraswathi_dariyanani@yahoo.com




Carrier Objective:

	Seeking a suitable position that allows me to utilize my creativity, expertise, and experience in your reputed organization with opportunities for growth and self-development where performance is rewarded with challenging responsibilities.


Educational Profile:

	Completed MBA from Madras University.


	Completed B.com from Madras University. 



Technical Qualification:


	Typewriting in English. (Lower)


Working Summary:

	Working in HDFC Bank ltd, As a Junior officer in ADFC Pvt. Ltd.
    (Nov 09 – Till now)

Opening of saving, current NRO and NRE account.

	Ensure compliance with banking rules, Regulations- & Procedures and Adherence KYC guidelines and clean note policy. Ensure outstanding rating in audit.
	Accepting transfer requests, RTGS, NEFT, etc., from customers and ensuring and processing of the same as per the timelines.
	Recovery of locker rent as per the time lines. 
	Managing operations like A/C opening \ FD, Lockers etc.
	Responsible for pin custodian, ATM/Debit card hot listing and stop payment.
	Obtaining of form 60 (PAN/ Form 60 needed for account opening) Form 15G, 15H etc.
	Very well versed in Finware & Host operating system.




Accountant in Meenakshi Academy (Jan04 – June 07)

	Handled the bill books and vouchers

Maintained records for accounts receivable and accounts payable.
Billing and Collections.
Balance Sheet and Management Status Reports.


	Data Conversion in Quick Sort India Pvt. Ltd. (Feb 03 – Dec 03) 


	Set up and maintain medical files and databases, including records and procedure reports, medical histories, diagnostic workups, admission and discharge summaries and clinical resumes.

Receive patients, schedule appointments, and maintain patient records.
Identify mistakes in reports and check with doctors to obtain the correct information.
Produce medical reports, correspondence, records, patient-care information, statistics, medical research, and administrative material.


	Accountant in Sapthagiri Fabrics Company. (Apr 2000 – Sep 2000) 


	Maintaining inward and outward goods.

Understand the minute details of each transaction and judge which all accounts should be debited/credited. Accordingly, post entries to the respective accounts. 
Maintain petty cash register to post all daily cash transactions. Submit weekly reports and state the total expenditure under each accounting category like traveling, refreshments, stationary, etc.




Strengths:


	Readiness to accept challenging jobs.


	Ability to form effective working relationships both internally and externally.


	Good communication, interpersonal skills.






Languages Known:

Tamil & English.








Personal Profile:


	Husband Name	:	Kamlesh M. Dariyanani.

	Date of Birth		:	25.11.1980

	Gender		:	Female.

	Marital Status	:	Married.

	Nationality		:	Indian.

	Religion		:	Hindu.

	Hobbies		:	Reading Books, listening music, Surfing Internet.


Declaration


I hereby declare that the above mentioned information is correct up to my knowledge and I bear the responsibility for the correctness of the above mentioned particulars.

								SIGNATURE

Place: Chennai	
Date: 
 							       (P.A SARASWATHI)


