














































 

 
 

Key Skills 
 

Profile Summary 
Financial Reporting & Analysis 

 
Finance Controllership 

 
P & L Management 

 
Investment Accounting 

 
Statutory Reporting 

 
GL Month-End Closing 

 
Balance Sheet Preparation 

 
Financial Management 

 
Team Building & Leadership 

  

 Performance-driven, insightful professional with 11 years of 
experience in domains related to Financial ControlOperations  

 Proven business acumen in managing finance operations and 
contributing higher rate of organic growth 

 Finance & Accounting with of experience as a Finance Professional in 
Finance Controllership (GL month-end closing, reconciliation and 
Financial Reporting & Analysis, Audit support), Investment 
Accounting and Statutory & Regulatory reporting for APAC region 

 Currently working for HSBC as a Manager-Finance Controllership 
including GL Closing and Financial Reporting & Analysis and Audit 
support, Investment Accounting & Regulatory/Statutory Reporting 
and final financial consolidation including Balance sheet and P&L 
finalization at APAC region and Quarterly/Half yearly/Annual 
Regulatory & Statutory Reporting and provide Audit support to 
Internal and external Auditor(KPMG & PWC) 

Career Timeline 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 

 

 
Mar’07 – Dec’08 Dec’08 – Mar’10 Mar’10 – Oct’14 Nov’14 – MM’YY Since Jul’16 

 

 

 

 

 

 

Soft Skills 
 

Education 
 

 

  
 2006:  B.Com. from St. Xavier’s College, Calcutta University 

  (1st division)  
 2003:  12th from Kabi Vijay HS Institute (WBCHSE) with  

  70.4%) 
 2001:  10th from Hanskhali Samabaya Vidyapith (WBBSE) 

 
 
 

SWARUP KISHOR DEBNATH 
Senior Finance Management Professional 

Finance Controllership / Financial Reporting & Analysis  
Versatile, high-energy professional, successful in achieving business growth objectives 

within turnaround & rapid changing environment 

 

swarup.kishor@gmail.com    +91-8860616595 / 9830402424 

 

CAPGEMINI India 

Pvt. Ltd. as 

Consultant 

Genpact India 

Ltd. as 

Manager  

 

 

 

Communicator                     Innovator 

 

                       Thinker 

 

WNS Global Services 

(P) Ltd. as Senior 

Analyst 

American 

International Group as 

Manager 

HSBC Electronic 

Data Processing 

India Pvt. Ltd. as 

Manager 



Work Experience 
HSBC Electronic Data Processing India Pvt. Ltd.        Since Jul’16 
Manager – Finance Controllership Process 
 
Joined as Manager (HSBC Life Insurance Business) on 21st July-16 involved in Finance Controllership process (Accounting & 
Financial Reporting) and Investment Accounting Process. 
 
Key Result Areas: 

 Preparing quarterly Balance Sheet and P&L finalization and quarterly Consolidation and various schedules prepare. 
Cash Flow statement prepare and high level variance analysis. Review monthly balance sheet reconciliation, Journal 
posting and review on monthly basis. Prepare and submit various financial report to key stake holder and regional/ 
head quarter. 

 Planning and executing monthly / quarterly / annual closure schedules; provided monthly financial statements; 
administered the monthly closing process. Identifying profitable opportunities and working on the finance models to 
achieve organizational and growth objectives. Bringing the significant improvement in various areas of Finance 
Controllership process 

 Performing operations related to GL Month end closing including Fixed Asset, Inter Company, payroll, monthly journal 
etc.. Monthly Trial Balance Review and variance analysis. Quarterly Trend Analysis and report with necessary 
commentary to stake holder and group head quarter. Analyzing and reporting financial information to executive 
management; actively worked with strategic business units to ensure accurate and value added analysis 

 Engaging in all Investment accounting including Equities, Bond & Short Term Investment, and Private Equity related 
Activities on monthly basis and reporting IFRS 9 and Local GAAP. Calculate Interest Income, Dividend Income including 
Accrual, Bond Amortization, Impairment, Maturity, Sale, and Purchase and calculate Realize/Unrealized Gain/Loss on 
monthly basis 

 Maintaining all Investment related information including cost & Market value and finally share with Chief Investment 
officer & Trading Department on monthly basis 

 Providing extended support to the team of Auditors during quarterly SOX, half yearly and yearly audits. Half Yearly and 
yearly Financial Statement prepare including disclosure, Notes to Account and send to Auditor and discussing and 
taking consideration of Audit points and incorporate the same and finally get the sign off from Auditor 

 Drafting report and preparing KPI dashboard publish to top management. Month financial performance review with 
Regional director, maintain Compliance according to Risk management team 

 
 

American International Group (AIG) as Manager - Financial Controllership   Nov’14 – Jul’16 
(Moving to AIG Payroll through Genpact Rebadgeing ) 
Key Result Areas 

 Led a team of Finance Controllership team-Closing & reporting and Financial Consolidation for APAC region, where 
majorly involve GL closing (Fixed Asset, Intercompany, Payroll Accounting, monthly Journal entry, GL Reconciliation) & 
Financial Reporting  on monthly basis and final financial consolidation with all financial schedule on Quarterly basis 
and finalization of Balance sheet and P/L on monthly basis. Also half yearly and yearly Audit support provided to 
publish final financial numbers. TB analysis and high level balance sheet & PL review done on monthly basis and 
reporting to CFO. Prepare various financial statements on Quarterly, Monthly & yearly and submitted to Regional 
Finance Director 

 Ensured proper accounting entries prior to closure of the General Ledger, suggesting areas for improvement. Financial 
reports, charts, tables and other exhibits as requested as well as day-to-day general ledger accounting and 
reconciliation, financial reporting and analysis for assigned functional areas 

 Prepared regulatory reports & return file in Australia & PNG and MAS reporting (Singapore). Half yearly & annually 
prepare statutory report for Australia & Singapore. Quarterly and Annually Financial Statement prepare and 
submission to PWC Auditor and Local Regulator 

 Analyzing Balance Sheet Flux Analysis; analyzing quarterly fluctuations in Balance Sheet Accounts; conducted root 
cause analysis of accounts having major fluctuations on a quarterly basis. 

 Monitoring preparation of statutory books of accounts, bank reconciliation and consolidated reports in compliance 
with statutory requirements, time & accuracy norms. Analyzed the key financial indicators & supervising preparation of 
MIS reports and other statements to provide feedback on financial performance to assist top management. 

 Monthly Balance sheet and P/L finalization with all high level financial summary preparation and share with CFO for 
sign off 

 Quarterly/half yearly/yearly financial Audit support to PWC auditor as per Auditor list. Provide financial statement to 
the Auditor; provide adequate documentation to SOX Auditor and financial Auditor for their verification. Finally take 
the sign off from Auditor and ensure all query get resolve within Audit timeline.  

 Monthly Dashboard prepares with KPI and discuss with senior Management. Review all team member performance and 
close Midyear & annual appraisal and share with HR 

 
Genpact India Ltd. as Manager         Mar’10 - Oct’14 
Key Result Areas: 



 
 Reviewed and monitored the GL Month End closing and reporting process and leading APAC R2R  team (Closing & 

Financial reporting.) 
 Prepared statutory reporting for Asia Pacific region. Cash flow statement prepare & final consolidation for Hodling 

Company. Prepare monthly adjustment entries. Closely working with E&Y and Deloitte Auditor to finalize the Financial 
Audit as per US GAAP & Singapore GAAP both. All Financial Statement prepare and submit to Finance Director. 

 Drafted quarterly investment report, monthly revenue report and revenue accounting including deferred revenue as 
per US GAAP.Monthly reconciliation prepares and review reconciliation of other team member. 

 Monthly/Quarterly Internal Audit co-ordination. Half Yearly/Yearly External Audit work and report submition to KPMG 
Auditor 

 Quarterly GST calculation and submit online. Prepare the GST reconciliation on monthly basis. Also review the other GL 
reconciliation on monthly basis. 

 Performed half yearly and Annual Appraisal and maintain attrition below target and retain key resources. 
 Global Financial Service (GFS) Dash Board prepares and submit to Client CFO on monthly basis.  
 Successfully implemented new reconciliation system across the R2R team. 

 
Highlights: 

 Successfully led transition & stabilization: 
o Process from Europe & Stabilize the R2R and FP&A process for Europe for Elsevier Ltd & LN-ANZ 
o Closing & Reporting  Process from Singapore including Statutory reporting process for APAC and McGraw-Hill 

 

Previous Work Experience  
WNS Global Services (P) Ltd. as Senior Analyst        Dec’08 – Mar’10 
Key Result Areas: 

 Carried out activities related with General Ledger Month End Closing   Activity which involve:  
o Month End General Ledger related Activities e.g. Period Close, Payroll Accounting, Accruals Posting, Fixed 

Assets, Balance sheet Close(WD 5) and Profit & Loss account close (WD 4) and finalization. As per US GAAP. 
o Intercompany Reconciliation, Intercompany month end close, Intercompany Agreement. 
o FX Rate setup and Intercompany settlement. 
o Intercompany Payable & receivable tracking and accounting. 
o Adhoc Analysis & Reporting as per top management requirement & Support to KPMG Audit.  

 Much appreciated offshore Month-end close including Intercompany in coordination with onshore team being first 
Month-end. 

 Prepare SLA for Closing Activities (Including Intercompany) performing time and motion study for different financial 
systems and citrix etc. 

 Handling routine and ad-hoc queries from Client. 
 Sales & Use Tax. 
 Fixed assets Management as per US GAAP (Capitalization, Depreciation, addition, disposal, amortization, Capital Lease, 

assets movement, review Capital work in progress on monthly basis, prepare capital expenditure budget, prepare Asset 
Register etc. in SAP platform.) 

 Balance sheet Account Reconciliation.  
 Financial Reporting and analysis like cost center report analysis, balance sheet review monthly etc. 
 Quarterly Budget and estimate prepare etc. 
 Variance Analysis and forecasting.  
 Cost measurement and cost controlling using various cost minimization tool. 
 Prepare Sales Budget prepare and analysis actual vrs. Budget on monthly basis. 
 Process KPI & Dash Board prepare and submit to Client Director of Business Control. 
 SOX Audit Support & Internal Audit Support & External Audit support. 

 
Highlight: 

 Worked on process transition and established General Ledger Closing, Financial reporting & Analysis (FP&A) and 
Assets Management from Germany for client named Armstrong World Industries, Inc. 

 
CAPGEMINI India Pvt. Ltd. as Consultant - Finance Service     Mar’07 – Dec’08 
 

Key Result Areas: 
 Performed activities related to: 
o Journal Entry Preparation 
o Prepare Balance sheet Reconciliation,  
o Intercompany reconciliation & transaction,   
o Re-class of Revenue & Expenses,  
o Closing journal entry processing. 
o TAX Reconciliation (USA & Canada). 
o Sales & Use Tax Handling(USA), 



o GST & QST for Canada only(Including reconciliation),  
o Daily Cash Management Reporting, Weekly Cash Management Reporting ,Management Reserve, 
o Bank Account Reconciliation (USA &Canada) etc. Monthly & Quarterly Tax report submission.  
o Quarterly and annually report submission to Management. 
o Fixed Assets addition, disposal, amortization and depreciation schedule prepare.  
o Banking transactions maintain (Mainly Bank of America).  
o Budgeting and GL month end activity. 
o Estimate, trend analysis & variance analysis 

 

K.C. De & Co. as Junior Accountant        Mar’06 – Feb’07 
Key Result Areas 

 Engaged in activities related to: 
o Finalization of accounts, invoice processing – checking and control,  
o Depreciation calculation, fixed assets maintains.  
o Preparation of expenses report, maintaining book of accounts – reconciliation of debtors and creditors accounts.  
o Stock analysis, preparation of MIS. 
o Bank Reconciliation. 
o Fixed Assets. 
o GL Month End closing 

 
Technical Skills 

 MS-Office 
 SAP R/3 4.7  
 Oracle 11i & 12i 
 Hyperion Enterprise 
 Business Warehouse 

 

Academic Achievements 
 Achieved “National Scholarship” for Higher Secondary Result 
 Ranked as Top scorer in Financial Management in B.Com. Part-2 in 2006 under University of Calcutta 

 

Personal Details 
Date of Birth:  29thAugust 1985 
Address:  Village & P.O-Hanskhali, District -Nadia – 741505, West Bengal 
 
 

 


