














































Kavya S C 

Contact : 9538703021         Email : sckavya1990@gmail.com      Address : J P Nagar, Bangalore 

 

 

CAREER OBJECTIVE :  

A people oriented Professional with close to 5 years of experience in corporate  HR business partner 

function and HR operations backed by sharp communication skills with an ability to relate to people 

across all hierarchical in the organization. 

 

KEY SKILLS 

 

 Onboarding & 
Separation process 

 Induction 
 Employee 

engagement 

 Bench management 
 Employee retention 
 Grievance handling  
 HR Audit 
 Compliance 
 Performance 

management 

system(PMS) 

 Rewards & 
Recognition 

 

PROFILE SUMMARY 

 

 A dynamic HR Business partner with a great learning 
expérience in HRBP role. 

 Time management skills with a demonstrated ability to work 
precisely and quickly prioritise, harmonise and streamline 

duties along with concurently managing various other range of 

functions. 

 Self-driven, proficient with strong analytical skills. result-
oriented & smart adaptor of change processes. 

 Efficient communicator with excellent interpersonal 
relationship building attributes. 

 A keen learner with constant enthusiasm to amplify 
competencies through comprehensive experience. 

  

Work Experience 

HR Business Partner at Capgemini, Bangalore 

Jan’17 – Till date 

 

Responsibility – Business partner 

I. On-boarding formalities 

 Meeting new joiner on day one & conduct BU specific induction. Collect month end feedback 
from new joiners & Analyze. 

 Explain about current policies, appraisal (goals + competencies) and how the PMS works. 
 

II. Rewards and Recognition: 

 Ratification, Finalization & Felicitation of award winners (Pat on the Back/ Quarterly Award)  



 Set up a discussion with different TLs in same BU to analyze the nominations based on inputs 
received and finalize a single winner. 

 Awareness/ ensuring nomination (Executive Choice Award/ CEO Award). 
 

III. Performance Management: 

a. Ongoing Performance Feedback Orientation & Follow ups for closure  
b. Annual  Appraisal: 

 Data verification exercise  - Collect data (RO mapping & reviewer mapping is correct) 

 Appraisal orientation for first time appraisers, managers and reviewers. 

 Follow up for Completion of self-assessment, Manager Assessment & Reviewer. 

 Assessment for disagreement cases. Performance Improvement Plan (PIP) initiation and 
execution. 

 

 

IV. MIS Reporting: 

 Maintenance and updating of HR MIS on day to day basis like leave records, joining, resignations 
and separations details. 

 Prepare monthly leave reports and reports on LOP, bench resources, attrition and their analysis. 

 
V. Employee connects 

 Skip Level connect – Identifying teams, Setting up discussion, collate subjective and 

objective feedback & arrive at a rating. Report the analysis to the concerned SL lead. 

 Floor walk, Group connect, Pulse report, Query Resolution, Fun Activities at Floor level. 

 

VI. Retention and Separation Management - Formulate retention strategies and help retain 

talent, Exit formalities, Account-wise attrition meeting 

 

2) HR shared service at Capgemini, Bangalore - June’14 – Dec’16      

 

   Responsibilities 

I. Employee Benefits 

 Employee off-shore benefits query handling across location– Includes Provident Fund, Insurance, 
Gratuity and Salary advance/loan. 

 Coordinating with vendors by providing required inputs 

 Payroll Inputs /validation. 

 Death claim benefits –  
o Been a SPOC for Death benefit. 
o Coordinating with nominees for documentation. 
o Follow up with various vendors for effective closure of claims. 

 

II. On-boarding formalities 

 Manage hiring activities for Campus batch joiners.  

 Maintaining all personnel files and HR records of new joiners. 

 Creation of employee ID and Co-ordinating with IT and Admin teams for allotting ID card, 
workstation and other logistical needs. 



III. Internal Audit & Reporting 

 Maintenance and updating of HR MIS on day to day basis. 

 Daily and Monthly reports on PF ECR, Travel clearance, Salary advance report ML/PL Report, 
Dependent analysis and IConnect Report. 

 Auditing personal file, Headcount report and Employee personal information available in HR 
portal. 

 

IV. Off-boarding 

 Handling resignations and generation of employee relieving and experience letters. 

 Follow up with the respective teams in regarding clearances to be provided to employee. 

 Keeping track of contract period and extension of contract. 
 

V. Good Command over various HR Process including - Absence Management and Employee 
Verification. 

 

 

 3)  HR Generalist at Dewhive Solutions Pvt Ltd, Bangalore - Aug’13 – April’14 
 

Responsibilities 

 Day-to-day supervision of human resources department, i.e. personnel, payroll, recruitment and the 
staff accommodation. 

 Administers employees leave entitlements including annual, sick, compassionate, leave with/without 
pay. Monitors and controls leave available through the payroll system. 

 Regular working schedule and rest days / holidays in accordance with company rules and policies. 

 Ensures the maintenance of the computerized personnel files pertaining to accuracy of personal 
details of all company employees. 

 Checking and endorsing all changes in personal data insuring its documentation and verification in 
the personal files. 

 Reviews and updates company's personnel policies. 

 Handbook and procedures manual, including reviewing policies, drafting policy amendments 
according to new labor laws, government legislation and the comp any corporate policy. 

 Proficient in Microsoft office packages, perfect knowledge of Labour laws. 

 Talent acquisition 

 On boarding activities 

 Grievance handling 

 

Educational Qualification: 

Course Year of Passing Institution University 

MBA( HR ) July 2013 Atria Institute Of technology VTU 

BCA June 2011 Sri Krishna degree college BU 

PUC May 2008 Vijaya Composite PU College PU Board 

SSLC May 2006 Vijaya High School KSEEB 



 

Achievements: 

 Received “PAT ON THE BACK” award in Feb’15 for contributing towards UAN related data 
collation and updation for New Hire and Laterals for allocation /mapping of UAN to PF account. 

 Received “Team of the Quarter Award” for consistent efforts contributed to facilitate the 
movement of IGATE employees to Capgemini seamlessly. Re-badging was done timely with no 

impact to the employees.   

 Received “PAT ON THE BACK” award in Jul’16 for  dedicated and ensured high levels of 
internal customer satisfaction and over-achieving the set goal of 99% SLA in closing Tickets.  

 Part of HR Hackathon 2018 and was selected among top 10 team ideas. 

 Introduction of “Diversity Mentor program” in 2017 – A 6 months – 1 year program Mentor 
provides consistent support, guidance to Mentee.  

 Business induction program for all lateral joiners. 

 Actively participated in various sports activities for inter school and College Fest. 

 

Technical skills: PeopleSoft, Taleo, Microsoft Office. 

 

Personal information: 

 

Name                    :  Kavya S.C 

Gender                  :  Female 

Date of birth         :  12-05-1990 

Languages known :  Kannada, English, Hindi, Telugu 

Address                 :  31, 7Th cross,  New Bank colony, Konankunte, JP nagar, Bangalore-560062 

 

                                 

Declaration: 

 

         I hereby declare that the information furnished above is true and correct to the best of my 

knowledge and belief. 

                                                                                                                                                                     

                                                                                                  

 (Kavya.S.C) 

 


