













































NAVNEET  VERMA
Address: L-221, Bharti  Niketan, Bhopal, M.P. | Phone No: 9893905557 | Email : nverma989@gmail.com   
                                                            

	Objective


To work in a competitive team for a challenging projects that provides an opportunity to acquire new skills and enhance existing skills.

	Experience


· Almost six months of experience in development of I-Phone applications.

· Currently working at Ideavate Solutions, Indore (M.P.).

	Educational Qualifications


	 Examination
	 School/College
	 Board/University
	 Year of  Passing
	       %age

	B.E(Information &Technology)
	LNCT(Lakshmi Narain College of Technolgy), Bhopal, MP.
	Rajiv Gandhi Technical University,    Bhopal  
	  2011
	      65.3% 

	  Intermediate
	Kendriya Vidyalaya
	C.B.S.E
	   2004 
	      60.2%

	   High School
	Kendriya Vidyalaya
	C.B.S.E
	   2006
	       65.6%


	Project Work


1. Human Health Analyzer in Java development:Human health analyzer can be used to analyze primary health of a person based on attributes such as body temperature,blood pressure,BMI etc and provide basic primary  medical suggestions including medicines.Moreover it can be used to keep track of medical history of particular person.It doesn’t undermine a person to see a doctor as it is intended to provide basic medical suggestions only.Techologies used are JAVA and Oracle  as a database.
2.  Online Real Estate Management  System:Online real estate management system can be used to advertise, search and sell/rent property online.A user have to pay a nominal charge to advertise propety ,searching a property is available for free.A paid user can  manage his/her account.We have used bhopal as search domain.As add on we have provided facility to search hotel,hostel and restaurants in Bhopal according to location. Technologies used are PHP,HTML,JavaScript,CSS and MySql as database.
3. Technology Hub:Technology hub  is an I-Phone application which can be used to ask and reply technological question through I phone.A user have to register to create a profile then he can ask or reply question. A pirticular user can be favorited by other user to keep track of questions and answers posted by him/her.I have been involved in designing  interfaces of modules assigned to me and transitions between them.Moreover I am involved in server data JSON parsing and reusable hierarchical componet.Technologies  used are Objective C.

	SEMINARS 


Delivered a seminar on “Bringing P2P to the Web: Security and Privacy in the Firecoral Network”  in National Conference held at LNCT Bhopal in 2010.
	MAJOR TRAINING


 Undergone Finishing School & summer training  in Vedisoft  Pvt. Ltd. on the following :
· HTML and JavaScript.
· CSS basics
· PHP
· MySQL.
	SOFTWARE PROFECIENCY


· Programming Languages:   C, C++, Objective C, Testing 
· Web Programming : PHP,CSS,HTML,JAVASCRIPT.
Databases : MySQL, Oracle,Sqlite
	PERSONAL DETAILS


Date of birth     :          May 7th, 1989

             Sex                  :          Male

Marital status   :         Single 

	EXTRA CURRUCULAR ACTIVITIES


· Served as Organizer Member in the Teachers’ Day Function.  
· Participated in English drama,quiz,and extempore at school level.
· Participated in Science Exhibition at School level.
	STRENGTHS


· Dedication to work and positive attitude towards learning.
· Keep my cool in pressure.
	Interests/Hobbies


· Watch and browse current affairs stuff and discussions and debate on them.

