
















































Shreya Mall                                                                                                                                                                             
+91-9866648697/+91-9811975467
shreyamall17@gmail.com
17/November/1993
Current Location: Hyderabad
Permanent Address: D2-204, Balaji Skyz, Nepania Main Road
Indore, Madhya Pradesh  (452010).
OBJECTIVE: 

To continue my career with an organization that will utilize my management, supervision, administrative and technical skills to grow mutually and succeed. Seeking a challenging position which will enable me to continuously learn, create, innovate and simultaneously contribute to the short and long term goals of the organization effectively using technological and managerial skills. 

Certification:

ITIL foundation Certificate in IT Service Management – AXELOS
Effective from: 27 Nov 2016
Expiry Date: N/A

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE: 

Oct 2015 – Till Date: Capgemini
Projects undertaken
	Mar 2016 – Till Date

	Client
	TalkTalk Telecommunication (UK)

	Environment:	
	Production

	Role:		
	Problem Manager

	Tool used:
	Remedy



Responsible for:
· Problem Management processes across IT and key vendor service lines for immediate, decisive, and comprehensive solutions.

· Developed and implemented ITIL best practices processes and procedures.


· Conducted initial site incident investigation, collected essential information across all technical disciplines, identified root causes, determined tasks to prevent recurrence and drove their execution.

· Identified areas of concern through Pareto analysis and Trend analysis reporting.


· Personally requested by senior management to lead a deteriorating client account, and successfully turned it around within a month.

· Undertaken all the reporting tasks like Root Cause Analysis report, Problem management monthly, quarterly report, SOPs, and all the training documentation.

· Efficiently handling client’s Problem Manager on the weekly problem call and ensured client satisfaction.

· Received client appreciation award.


	Dec 2015 – Mar 2016

	Client
	TalkTalk Business & TalkTalk Mobile

	Environment:	
	Production

	Role:		
	Incident Management (Service Desk Agent)

	Tool used:
	Remedy



Responsible for:
· Resolved issues by researching documentation; troubleshooting hardware, software, guiding client through corrective steps; escalating problems to second level; tracked status of problems and solutions.
· Established service by walking callers through new installations and configurations.
· Improved caller capabilities by providing additional documentation; recommending training courses.
· Maintained help desk database by entering caller statistics, inquiries, and responses
· Undertaken all the reporting tasks.

Technical Skills

	Languages Known
	C, C++

	Vmware
	Installation and configure VMware EXS, ESXi within vSphere environments with virtual center management, HA, DRS, vMotion, live Migration of virtual machines

	Linux Administration	
	Installation of Linux,  NFS configuration, FTP configuration, Sending email using mutt, Samba file sharing, Installation and upgradation of packages.

	Networking
	Routing protocols – VLAN, SSH, DHCP configuration, RIP,  EIGRP. Router security and configuration. IP  addressing and  subnetting. Good understanding of OSI models. 
Tool used- Cisco Packet Tracer 5.1

	Active Directory and Windows Administration
	Windows 2000, 2003, Active Directory Microsoft Windows 2000 and 2003 server (Installing, Configuring, Administering &amp; Troubleshooting)
Configuring and troubleshooting DHCP server.
Implementing Active Directory Services, maintaining replication, Trust relationship and domain wide group policies, Creation and joining of domain,


ACADEMIC QUALIFICATIONS: 

	Course
	Institute Name
	University/Board
	Year of Passing
	Percentage
(%)

	10th
	Ryan International School
(Greater Noida)
	
CBSE
	
2009
	
91

	12th
(PCM)
	Delhi Public School
(Greater Noida)
	
CBSE
	
2011
	
89.2

	
Btech (ECE)
	Amity School of Engineering and Technology
(Noida)
	
Amity University

	
2015
	
CGPA
7.66


Unique Skills: 

Languages Known: English, Hindi, and French (Elementary) 
Communication Skills:  Excellent written and verbal communication skills.
Confident, articulate, and professional speaking abilities (and experience). 
Empathic listener and persuasive speaker. Excellent presentation and negotiation skills.

Capgemini Sensitive
