














































RUTUNJ SHELADIYA 
Email id  : rutunjs@gmail.com 
Contact No : +919033186628 

Career Objective 

To get a challenging position in a growing company where I can utilize my skills and 
knowledge. 

Career Summary 

 A result oriented and skillful professional having excellent knowledge of IT sector 

possesses 4+ years’ experience. 

 Excellent knowledge of software development life cycle. 

 Outstanding leader in projects and programs. 
 

Personal Quality 

 Insightful in research and development. 

 Excellent in communication in writing and verbal both. 

 Able to motivate and lead the team. 

Web Expertise 

 Experience in PHP, Drupal, Wordpress, Codeigniter, Mysql, jQuery, Angular, HTML,CSS. 

 Drupal 6/7/8, PHP, HTML, CSS, JS. 

 Experience developing web solutions in Drupal and PHP implementations in a 

Windows/Linux environment. 

 Ability to architect enterprise Drupal solutions including data, display, and information 

architecture. 

 Advanced site-building experience including deep familiarity with Drupal modules such as 

CTools, Views, and Panels. 

 Experience creating custom Drupal modules. 

 Experience building responsive websites using Drupal CMS, HTML/HTML5, CSS/CSS3, 

and JavaScript/jQuery. 

 Knowledge of PHP, PHP files and theme functions, and knowledge of the Drupal theme 

layer. 

 Hands on Expertise in writing queries and stored procedures, triggers databases. 

mailto:rutunjs@gmail.com


2 

Responsibilities handled 

 Creating development plans, project documentation. 

 Provide remote and on-site support for domestic and international customers. 

 Assisting juniors and developers during their work. 

 Establishing strong relations with the clients. 

 Train the new employees. 

 

 

Professional Experience 

Company: D&k Technologies Surat, Oct 2015 – Till now 

Designation: Senior PHP web developer as team lead. 

Responsibilities: 

 Working with the development and testing teams. 

 Responsible for developing and handling websites. 

 Working with Client Service Managers to provide the data analysis and suggestions. 

 Developed Websites using PHP, Drupal, Wordpress, Codeigniter, MySQL, MS sql, jQuery, 

HTML, CSS, Angular js , node js (Basic). 

 Web Services, NuSOAP, Github. 

 Organized the meetings for the scope of the project to analyze. 

Company: Oceans Technologies, Surat, Jan 2014 – Sep 2015 

Designation: PHP Developer 

Responsibilities: 

 Developed Business logic components. 

 Created and implemented web service with rest client 

 Developed Websites using PHP, Drupal, Wordpress, Codeigniter, MySQL, jQuery, HTML, 

CSS. 

 Wrote Stored Procedures and scripts. 

Company: La Net Team Software solution, Mumbai, Jul 2013 – Dec 2013 

Designation: PHP Developer 

Responsibilities: 

 Developed Business logic components. 

 Created and implemented web service with rest client in Drupal. 

 Developed Websites using PHP, Drupal and MySQL, jQuery, HTML, CSS. 



3 

 Github, Jira, Asana. 

Acedemia 

 Bachelor of engineering (Computer) From Gujarat technological university in 2013. 

Personal Detail 

Language known : English, Hindi, Gujarati. 

Address   : B-107, Dharmjivan Apt, A.k.road, Surat. 


