












































java experience resume

 Rahul Chaturvedi



Phone: 91-9718894216






Email:  rahul1988chaturvedi@gmail.com

Professional Summary:

· 4.4 years of experience in Java Technologies
· Excellent Java development skills using J2EE, J2SE, Servlets, JSP, JDBC, Java Beans.
· Having hands on experience in handling Use Cases, Functional Specification, Knowledge Transfers and Business Analysis.

· Extensive Object Oriented Development experience.
· Good working knowledge on Application development and maintenance life cycle process.

Professional Experience:

· Worked as a Software Engineer in Limitless Mobility Solutions Pvt. Ltd, Noida from May 2013 to  May 2016.
· Presently I am associated with Innova Solutions Pvt. Ltd  as a  Senior Software Engineer Since 28 july 2016 till date.
Scholastic Profile:
· M.C.A from Mahamaya Technical University Noida in 2013 with an aggregate of 77%.

· B.C.A from Makhanlal Chaturvedi National University Bhopal in 2009 with an aggregate of 71.38%.

· 12 Standard from State Board in 2006 with an aggregate of 58%

· 10th standard from State Board in 2004 with an aggregate of 61%

Achievements:

· I achieved RAID certificated.
· I achieved DB2 certificated.
Technical Expertise:

Operating System


:  Windows XP/7/8
Primary Skills


:  Core java, J2EE
Framework


:  Spring, Hibernate
Web Services


:  Soap, Restful
Scripting Languages

:  JavaScript, Jquery
Web Servers   


:  Tomcat, IBM WebSphere
Database



:  mysql, oracle

Other




:  Html5, css

Experience Summary:
     1.  Project Title     
: ICICI Prudential Life Insurance
          Client              
 : ICICI Prudential
          Technologies   
: Spring Web Flow, Oracle, Hibernate, Angular Js
          Role                 
: Programmer


   Project Details
: 
· Responsible for requirements analysis, interacting with business analyst to validate the understanding, providing timelines, and development of the feature/enhancement.
· Developed front-end using HTML, Angularjs, JavaScript whereas the business logic was written in Java with Spring framework. Hibernate ORM used for database access.
· Ensuring that bugs are fixed well within given timelines in SIT/UAT and then deploying code to PRE-PROD environment and communicating with testing team to check the released functionality on the server.
· Ensuring that code is well documented for easier maintainability in the future.
     2.  Project Title     
: TRACS (Taj Rate Allocation And Contracting System)
          Client              
 : Taj Hotels
          Technologies   
: Spring3.0, Microsoft Sql Server 2008
          Role                 
: Programmer


   Project Details
: TRACS has been designed to facilitate the process of Negotiated Rate Contracts Formulation and Dissemination. It is a simple user-friendly tool that creates one standard platform to address the needs of the Sales Teams, Hotels and Customer Relationship Officer(CRO)..
     3.  Project Title     
: IPROMIS(Internet Based Procurement Management System)
          Client              
 : Mashreq Bank
          Technologies   
: Core Java/J2EE, Spring3.0, Datanucleus JDO
          Live Url           
: http://agi.ipromis.ae
          Role                 
: Programmer


   Project Details
: Ipromis is a complete e-procurement system. Its having events management, suppliers management, e-tenders management, currencies management, currency exchange management, reports management etc. Its a complete solution which provides any organization to gain profit in its all procurement needs.
.    4.  Project Title     
: Food Planner 

          Client               
: Mini Mobile Software Corp

          Technologies   
: Core Java/J2EE, Spring3.0, Datanucleus JDO
          Live Url           

: http://www.foodplannerapp.com/

          Role                
 : Programmer


    Project Details
: Food Planner is a platform for managing all of your kitchen needs. From simple recipe storage, to complex weekly meal plans for an entire family Food Planner has you covered!

· Create your own recipes

· Easily build, edit and save meal plans

· Import recipes from 500+ support recipe sites

· Sync all your data to the Google Cloud platform

· Generate grocery lists on the fly 

· Track your kitchen inventory    
      5. Project Title     :  JDOC Document Management System

          Client               :  General Energy Management Systems PVT LTD

          Project URL    :  http://www.limitlessserver.com/jdoc

          Technologies   :  Core Java/J2EE, GWT, MVC 2.0

          Database          :  MySQL and SQL Server

          Role                 :
  Programmer
          Project Details:  JDOC DMS is the digital solution that helps organization to streamline their document management processes. Document Management System (DMS) enables scanning, storage, sharing, retrieval, tracking, revision, and distribution of documents and hence information and data they contain.
Declaration:

I hereby declare that the above-mentioned information is true to the best of my knowledge.

       Date:








Rahul Chaturvedi

 Place: 

