














































Mamidi Kalyan Sabareesh 

Mobile:+91-9492808883     E-mail: kalyan_mamidi@yahoo.com 

Career Objective: 

To build a career through challenging and rewarding assignments and to be a part of an organization where 

my knowledge, hard work, capacity, innovative and creative thinking can help the company's growth and 

my growth. 

Professional Experience: 

 I Worked in Naresh I Technologies Software Training Institue as a Business Development 

Executive cum Assistant DTP Incharge from Oct. 2015 to Till Now. 

 I Worked in Atcis Technology as a Customer Service Representative ( CSR ) & SR Audit                 

( Service Request ) from Jul. 2014 to Oct. 2015. 

Key Responsibilities Handled In Naresh I Technology: 

 Organizing Multiple Departments (Counselling, Online, Block Admins & Students ) 

 Sourcing CV’s for Lab Coordinators, Counselling Department etc. 

 Providing Project Certificates, Course Copletion Certificates & Share company profile to students 

 Formatting Course Materials 

 Preparing Pamphlet & Broucer designs 

 Day to Day update website 

 Day to Day scheduling New Batches & Share Information to students 

 Dialy Update New Batches in website 

 Fully Computer literate (with strong Word knowledge, Excel & Good Power Point) 

 Good Creative skills with an eye for good design 

 Good Knowledge of Advertising, need to be well designed and laid out to make them attractive 

and easy to read 

 Able to prioritise a varied workload 

 Work well under pressure and to strict deadlines 

 Selecting formatting, such as the size and style of type, column width and spacing 

 Producing graphics such as diagrams, charts and tables 

 Able to work independently as well as in a team 

Key Responsibilities Handled In Atcis Technology : 

 Ability to listen closely to customers 

 Ability to Empathize 

 Understanding of Human psychology 

 Excellent performance skills 

 ExcellentTime management skills 

 Excellent Organizational skills 

 Ability to identify and anticipate needs 

 Excellent problem solving the customer issues. 

 Excellent product knowledge 



 Excellent Team work skills  

 Training personnel and helping team members develop their skills 

 Attending escalation calls apart from taking normal calls 

 Providing the relevant information to the customer about the Products 

Education: 

 Qualified in Intermediate at Sri Chaitanya Junior College, Machilipatnam in 2009 and Secured 

44.7% marks 

 Schooling in Viswa Bharathi Vidyalayam High School, Machilipatnam in 2007 and Secured 74% 

marks 

Strengths: 

 Fast Learner 

 A good Team Player 

 Goal Oriented 

 Ability to produce the best result in pressure situation 

Hobbies: 

 Usually I go out with Friends/Family during the weekends 

 I watch a couple of movies a month 

 Listening Music, playing computer games & surfing internet 

Computer Knowledge: 

 Good knowledge in Adobe Photoshop, Ms.Word, Excel & PowerPoint 

 Operating Systems: All types of windows, Hardware, Software Installation 

 System Basic Troubleshooting 

 Typing speed is 45-50 Words/Minute. 

Achievements& Rewards: 

 I got 3 times RNR Certificate in Atcis Technology in behalf of Best achiever in call quality. 

Personal Information: 

Name   :  Mamidi Kalyan Sabareesh 

Date of Birth  :  07-08-1991 

Languages Known : Telugu, English & Hindi  

Address  : 6-3-1192/9/A, 

               Kundhanbagh Area, 

         Begumpet, Hyderabad-500016. 

Declaration: 

I, hereby, declare you that the above information provided is true to the best of  my knowledge and belief.        


