














































ALWIN SAM THOMAS                                                                                                                 

MOB:+919847603400                                                                                                                                                                    

E-MAIL:alwinsam92@gmail.com                                                                                                                      

                                                     

    

To obtain a challenging position in the field of Network Security Operations/Network 

Security Engineer, Network administration that will enable me to use my organizational 

skill, educational background and my passion to learn new technologies. 

 

Currently possesing 2 year 8 months experiance as L2 Network Security Operations 

Engineer / Network Technical Support Engineer where planning, implementation, 

administration and  troubleshooting are involved with multiple platforms of network. 

 

 Firewalls: PaloAlto, Fortigate, CiscoASA, Sonicwall, Junos-pulse, Netscreen, 

Cyberoam. 

 Tools: Service-Now, HPNA, Cisco ASDM, Putty, Microsoft Visio, MS office. 

 Other Networking Products: Cisco-Routers & Switches, wifi-access points, modems, 

Media converters. 

 End point security: Kaspersky end point antivirus.   

        

 

VPN: Configuration and trouble-shooting of  SSL VPN (Cisco Any Connect, Forticlient, 

Junos Pulse ), IPSEC VPN  ( Fortinet, Palo Alto, Sonicwall). 

L3 Security: Zone Based Policy ,NAT/PAT, Inter-Vlan, DHCP Relay ,Application Control, 

High Availability configuration Failover, Port mapping, (TELNET, SSH, ICMP) , web 

filtering, ACL, load balancing, traffiic shaping, policies, policy based routing, active 

directory synchronization, troubleshooting and configuration. 

Routed Technology: IPV4, Subnetting, supernetting,CIDR, OSPF, BGP, installation of 

switches. 

OBJECTIVE 

PRODUCTS 

TECHNICAL SKILLS                  

          PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE 



Switches: Installation and configuration of  cisco 2500 switches, Zyxel switches depending 

upon the requirements like vlan ,intervlan communication, etherchannel , stp. 

Wifi access points: Site surveying demo installation and configuration of mrotek, cisco, 

linksys, ubiquity, zyxel access points. 

Modems: Testing and configuration  of  leased line modems. 

 

 

         Company Name: UST Global, from 31/08/2016 to Till date 

        Designation:Systems Engineer 

        Responsibilities : 

 Part of Network Security Operations team in a US Based project. 

 Working on day to day acitivities of  the team , that includes Planning, 

Implementation and Trouble-shooting of  Paloalto, Cisco ASA, Junos Pulse and 

Netscreen firewalls. 

 Works with users, based on their Service now Tickets, Mails,Webex to understand 

their issue and helps them to get it fixed, after filing/documenting the necessary RFC 

and implementing the changes on the firewalls. 

 Works on projects that needs to be implemented on all the security devices. Eg 

Certificate upgradation,configuring snmp servers on all Firewalls,etc. 

 Also plays the role of Training cordinator. Works with training department, SME’s 

and deliver monthly training to the team members through e-learning classes, videos, 

seminars and tracks the training status weekly. 

 

 Company Name:  E-caps Computers India Pvt-Ltd  ,from 1/12/2014 till  30/4/2016 

Designation : Technical Support Engineer 

Responsibilities : 

 

 Installation of fortigate, sonicwall, cyberoam  firewalls, access points, routers, leased 

line modems , lan extenders at the customer site according to their requirements. 

 Responsible for giving the further support to the installed products through voice or 

remote desktop or site visit. 

 Responsible for generating  support call tickets and escalating them. 

 Responsible for taking site survey at the customer location in the case of access points 

and giving them demo if necessary. 

 Interacts with clients for gathering information regarding their network requirements 

and suggests them the suitable products. 

 Checks the defective products locally and escalate the case  report to RMA 

department.  

 Responsible for giving training to the partners on new  products and firmwares. 

ORGANISATIONAL PROFILE 



 Responsible for maintaining the office network, systems, tally server. 

  

 

 Cisco Certified Network Professional (CCNP) in Switching-CSC012731066 

 

 

QUALIFICATION INSTITUTION BOARD YEAR OF 

PASSING 

MARK 

B.Tech in 

electronics 

&communication 

Caarmel Engineering 

College,Ranni,Pathanamthitta   

MG University 2014 58% 

12th Mount Bethany H.S.S 

Pathanamthitta 

State Board 

Kerala 

2010 70% 

10th M.M.A.R.S Chengannur I.C.S.E 2008 76% 

 

 

 Self-learner with passion to learn new technologies 

 Responsible in my area 

 Can give solutions as per the situations 

 Good communication skills 

 

 

Date of Birth /Age      -  21st july 1992, 25 

Sex                              - Male 

Marital Status              - Single 

Father’s Name             - Thomas K Samuel 

Mother’s Name           - Annie Thomas 

Languages known       - Malayalam, English 

 

I hereby declare that the details furnished  above are real and correct to the best of my 

knowledge and belief. 

 

Place: TRIVANDRUM                                                                               Alwin Sam Thomas 

Date:08-11-2017                         

CERTIFICATIONS 

EDUCATIONAL BACKGROUND 

PERSONAL SKILLS 

PERSONAL PROFILE 

DECLARATION 


