













































India Resume Format


Curriculum Vitae Abhilash SB 

 

 

 Page 1 of 5 Dated: 09/12/17 
 

Abhilash SB 

UI Developer        abhilashsb9@gmail.com 

+91 8089429212       Experience: 6 Years 

Experience Summary 

  

 More than 6 years of Professional experience as web developer in web application development 
including Requirement Analysis, Unit testing and Application Maintenance. 
 

 Extensively worked on the technologies like AngularJS, Angular 2.0, TypeScript, NodeJS, 
HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, JQuery and Bootstrap.  

 
 Involved in multiple projects followed in Agile Methodology. 

 
 Performed various roles such as Web developer and UI Developer. 

 

Technical Skills 

 
Web technology                       ES6, AngularJS, JavaScript, TypeScript, HTML5, jQuery, Ajax, D3JS,  

CSS 2/3, LESS, SASS, Bootstrap/ UI Bootstrap, FabricJS, Grunt, Gulp, 
Karma-Jasmine, NodeJS, Node Express, MongoDB, PHP/MySQL 

 
Front End Frameworks             AngularJS 1, Angular 4 
 
Scripting Languages                  HTML5, Javascript, TypeScript, CSS3, PHP 
 
Template libraries  Underscore, Handlebars, Mustache, EJS, Jade 
 
Application Servers        NodeJS 
 
Version Control                         GIT, SVN 
 
Operating System                     Windows 2000/XP/7/10, LINUX (Ubuntu)  
 
Project Management  Jira, Confluence 
Tools    
 
 

Work History 

 

Cognizant Technology Solutions   Kochi                            Jan-2015 to till Date 

Qburst Technologies    Trivandrum                                 Nov-2012 to Nov-2014 

IAP Infotech     Trivandrum      Sep-2011 to Oct-2012 

 

 



Curriculum Vitae Abhilash SB 

 

 

 Page 2 of 5 Dated: 09/12/17 
 

 

 

Key Projects 

 
Virtuoso  
Team Size: 45                                                                                   Duration: ~1 years 
 
Project Description 
 
The Virtuoso software is part of a comprehensive solution that helps transform the anatomic pathology 
lab by optimizing a digital workflow and decision-making environment, from image management to 
customized reporting. It provides web based access to clinical images which helps pathologists to 
analyze digital images which can be annotated and digitally analyze using data analytics for easy 
decision making and report creation. 
 
Environment:   AngularJS, HTML5, OpenSeadragon, Canvas, FabricJS, Bootstrap, GruntJS, Karma-
Jasmine, Git, NodeJS 
 
Role and Responsibilities 

 Involved in UI designing and development.  

 Involved in daily Agile Scrum Calls, Planning, Grooming and Sprint Retrospective. 

 Update Project Management Tool(Jira) based on daily work activities. 

 Code integration with back end development team. 

 Research on implementation of OpenSeadragon along with FabricJS for integration 

 Tested the application and fixed bugs that were found by QA. 

 Optimized code and tweaked it for performance. 

 
 
SFG Agency Workflow 
Team Size: 10                                                                                   Duration: 1.5 years 
 
Project Description 
 
To implement a workflow system for the Agency Services (Contracting and Commissions) department to 
provide paperless routing of documents across departments and locations, management and tracking of 
department tasks, real-time management reporting. 
 
Environment:   AngularJS, HTML5, Bootstrap, GruntJS, Karma-Jasmine, Git 
 
Role and Responsibilities 

 Involved in UI designing and development.  

 Involved in daily Agile Scrum Calls, Planning, Grooming and Sprint Retrospective. 

 Update Project Management Tool(Jira) based on daily work activities. 



Curriculum Vitae Abhilash SB 

 

 

 Page 3 of 5 Dated: 09/12/17 
 

 Code integration with back end development team. 

 Research on feasibility of using dynamic templates across different Policies 

 
 
 
SAVI/SAVI INSIGHT 
Team Size: 5                  
                                                                     Duration: 1.5 years 
Project Description 
 
Savi Insight is a SaaS based analytics platform that unlocks the potential of sensors to generate 
operational intelligence from the Internet of Things. Savi Insight captures sensor data, correlates 
multiple variables (time, temperature, etc.) and applies logic that turns data into actionable 
information. It also provides predictive analytics to forecast future outcomes, prevent operational 
disruptions, and improve performance 
Environment:   AngularJS, Bootstrap, JavaScript, D3JS, JQuery Flot-Charts, LESS, GruntJS, Karma-
Jasmine, GIT. 
 
 
Role and Responsibilities 

 Implemented individual modules based on client requirements 

 Responsive web designing using bootstrap. 

 Involved in daily Agile Scrum Calls, Planning, Grooming and Sprint Retrospective. 

 Update Project Management Tool(Jira) based on daily work activities. 

 

 

IDONOR 
Team Size: 5                                                                                                  Duration: 6 months  
 
Project Description 
 
iDonor is a responsive Widget Application that can be used by any Philanthropist who can make 
donation to charity among 1.8 million nonprofit Organizations. The users can search a charity of their 
choice from 1.8 million nonprofit Organizations. 
The user can make donation to the selected charity after registering their personal information and 
other Credentials. The user will receive via an email or SMS text a PR token generated from the PRN 
code. The user/recipient of the PR token would be linked to the iDonor branded landing page, which 
will be served up from the widget. The recipient will be able to redeem their PR token for retail 
merchant promoted electronic gift cards. Electronic gift card codes will be delivered via the DAPI. 
 
Environment:   AngularJS, HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap, JavaScript, GruntJS, Karma-Jasmine, GIT, PHP, 
PHPCURL, REST API, Sublime. 
 
Role and Responsibilities 

 Involved in complete software development life cycle including system study, 

development, unit testing and maintenance. 



Curriculum Vitae Abhilash SB 

 

 

 Page 4 of 5 Dated: 09/12/17 
 

 Created an application layer using PHP for the communication with the GuideStar API. 

 Analyzed the application requirements and specifications. 

 Responsive web designing using bootstrap. 

 Involved in project discussions, meetings and requirement analysis. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Fast Track 
Team Size: 15                                                                                  Duration: 8 months 
 
Project Description 
 
An application for desktop and devices which will gather technical requirements from the customer 
related to valves and actuators. The tool will provide valid products and configurations based on the 
technical requirements. Customers can select the preferred valve and actuator combinations. The tool 
will also provide pricing for the configurations. The app can be installed in Windows, MAC, iOS and 
Android devices. 
Environment:   AppJS, JQuery, Node JS, BackboneJS, Jquery Mobile, PhoneGap, Innnosetup, 
Platypus, HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, SVN, GIT 
 
Role and Responsibilities 

 Implemented individual modules based on client requirements. 

 Responsive web designing using bootstrap.  

 Perform unit testing and maintain software programs and applications. 

 Attend team meetings to communicate project status and discuss about new ideas and 

any issues. 

 

 

 

 



Curriculum Vitae Abhilash SB 

 

 

 Page 5 of 5 Dated: 09/12/17 
 

Education  
 

  
 

Title of the Degree with 

Branch 

University Year of Passing Percentage of 

marks (%) 

 

B.Tech in Information 
Technology 

Anna University 2011 73 

XII Kerala Higher Secondary 2007 79 

X Board of Public 

Examinations Kerala 

2005 83 

 

Contact Details 

 

Mobile Number +91 8089429212 

Email id abhilashsb9@gmail.com 

Contact Address 
  
Pavithram, PKLRA-62 

 

Highway Gardens, Pettah P.O, 
Trivandrum, Kerala, India 
Pin: 695024 

 


