












































Microsoft Word - Amit Kirtania - Manager HR


   
 
 
  
Name: Amit Kumar Kirtania         
Mobile: +91 90032 20023   
Email: amit.kirtania@gmail.com                   
 
                                                                                               

 
PERSONAL SUMMARY 

 
A passionate HR Professional with around 9 years of qualitative experience in a manufacturing 
company well versed in planning & directing all areas of human resource that includes but is not 
limited to: primary screening, Recruiting, Staffing, and Organizing, coordinating, performance 
appraisal, retaining & relieving, payroll process. Seeking a challenging job to deliver best of my 
skills and make best use of my efforts in gaining experience. 
 

CAREER HISTORY 
 

 “Manager - Human Resource & Administration” – October 2009 – present/ Employer 
Name: “SBQ Steels Ltd” – RKKR Group directly reporting to Managing Director. 

 
CORE COMPETENCIES 

 
 HR Management         Statutory Compliance       Recruitment & Selection 
 Payroll Operations                Induction & Orientation           Training & Development 
 Event Management         Employee Relations 

 
ROLES & RESPONSIBILITIES 

 Responsible for overall centralization for Human Resources & Administration Department.  
 To maintain and develop HR policies, ensuring compliance and to contribute the 

development of corporate HR Policies.  
 Manpower hiring as per the recruitment plan agreed along with the department heads. 
  Prepare information and input for salary budgets. Ensure compliance to the approved 

salary budget.    
 Executing “Employee Engagement “initiative to keep people together and make the 

workplace exciting rewording & engaging.   
 Oversee the central HR administration like, employee offer letters, salary letters and 

employment contracts; maintain complete/ accurate personnel records. 
 Ensure statutory compliant status at all times. 
 Keeping and updated employee handbook with all relevant details and information. 
 Have an updated repository of job descriptions for all roles in the organization along with 

measurable performance indicators for each role. 
 Communicate with employees and business heads for better alignment. 
 Take adequate measures to retain good employees, ring fence high potential employees. 
 Initiate the necessary steps for performance appraisal process to be taken on regular basis, 

to motivate the employees. 
 Ensure that there is healthy working condition/ safe & clean environment can bring out 

the best in employee. Also ensure the friendly atmosphere gives the staff member’s job 
satisfaction as well. 

 Keep the employees motivated and stay with the organization, in which compensation 
plays a vital role. 

 Conduct exit interview & guide the employee in proper way that is getting relieved. 
Assisting them in clearance of full & final settlement process. Collect all the company assets 
if anything has been issued to them. 

 
 

 



 
PROFESSIONAL SKILLS 

 
 Full Payroll Operation (Head office and Factory). 
 Full Recruitment cycle (Corporate office and Factory). 
 Active & Passive Candidate Generation. 
 Team player. Relationship Management. 

 
 

TECHNICAL SKILLS 
 

 Operating system: windows 98, 2000, 2003 server, Windows 7. 
 Tools: MS office, Word, Excel, PowerPoint & Outlook. 
 E-Mailing tools: MS Outlook, Windows outlook, Yahoo & Google. 

 
ADMINISTRSATION 

 
 Outsourcing of contract-security, house-keeping transport/ canteen/ stationery. 
 Provide full hospitality for visitors at our premises. 
 Verification of admin purchase bills/EB/Rent/ Telephone/ Internet/water can/ Food, etc. 
 Maintenance of office automation / furniture/ cafeteria utensils/ machines/ housekeeping 

items…. 
 

PERSONAL QUALITIES 
 

 Excellent in influencing the people. 
 Efficient in written & oral communication. 
 Innovative in assessing the qualities of people. 
 Able to motivate & negotiate the people. 

 
ACADEMIC QUALIFICAION 

 
 MBA-HR in Mysore University from Oct 2007 to May 2009. 
 B.Com in Jabalpur University 2003 June to May 2006. 
 Higher Secondary Education in St. Mary Hr.Sec School Jabalpur in 2003 March. 
 SSLC in St.Mary Hr.Sec School Jabalpur in 2001. 

 
 

“PERSONAL VITAE” 
 
Passport No                            :  P5520829 
LANGUAGES KNOWN        :  ENGLISH, HINDI, BENGALI, AND TAMIL 
NOTICE PERIOD        :  30 days 
 
Place: Chennai 
         

                        (Mr. Amit Kumar Kirtania) 


