


















































	Zakkir Hussain.A	
mail2zakkir@gmail.com						
Contact No: +91 7901643842	
Whatsapp / IMO:   +91 9698375593                                                          	
Skype ID: mail2zakkir
	            




Professional Summary

Aspiring for a career that places me in a challenging position within a fast-paced and learning environment for developing my technical and inter personal skills.


Educational Background

	Degree
	Name of Institute
	Board of Study
	Percentage of Marks
	Year of Passing

	
M.C.A
	

M.I.E.T Arts & Science College, Trichy.

	
Bharathidasan University, Trichy.
	


71%
	2012

	B.C.A
	
M.I.E.T Arts & Science College, Trichy.

	Bharathidasan University, Trichy.
	

66%


	
2010

	XII
	
Raja Desingh Hr. Sec. School, Gingee.

	State Board
	54%
	2007

	X
	
Raja Desingh Hr. Sec. School, Gingee.

	State Board
	61%
	2005




Technical Skills

	Skill Set
	

	Operating Systems
	 Windows XP, Windows 7



	Languages  
	 HTML, CSS, JAVASCRIPT & PHP


	DBMS Utilities & Packages     
	 MY-SQL, Adobe acrobat, Microsoft Office, Content server version 11, Live Link




Professional Experience
	

	CH2M now as JACOBS, Since 15th May-2018 – Till date as Document Controller (Indian Navy, Project Varsha at Rambilli, Vizag.
Send / Receive and stamp all Incoming documents from Contractor and IN Navy.
Receive Fax from IN and circulate to the correspondence Engineer.
Maintain Tracking Register for all Incoming / Outgoing Documents Tracking Register.
Maintain and upload all Incoming/Outgoing documents in ProjectWise (PW).
Organizing Filing system (Project Wise) including File labelling, File numbering, Table of contents/Index, File location, Storage of Files and dispensing of obsolete documents/records etc.
Maintain Hard Copies in the correspondence files as per company’s folder structure.
Supervising Incoming and Outgoing mail distribution Organizing and follow up of Incoming documents as per the review period.
Ensure that controlled copies of latest approved documents and drawings are given to the appropriate staff & contractors and suppliers as required.
Provide required photocopies, print of documents / drawings and binding to project team.
Supervising the Company archive, maintaining the filing system and updating company records as per Project Guidelines are also part of the responsibilities.
Provides technical support to the Project Co-ordination Section by locating and retrieval of drawings and technical documents.
Fax all outgoing letters to Indian Navy Delhi office.
Follow-up Engineer’s to get pending documents status by generating reports on regular basis.
Cameron A Schlumberger Company, Since 22nd May-2017 – 30th April-2018 as Project Document Controller.
Maintain a Master Document Register (MDR) consist of drawings, specifications, procedures, plan and monitor the status of documents due dates for the project to ensure documentation is submitted On-time.
Setup and maintain data in the Electronic Document Management System (Live-link) and maintain limited system administration.
Acting a single point contact for NAM & EACR regions for all project related documentation queries.
Preparation and maintaining a filing system in CS10 as per project requirements which allows management team to get updated in issued documents as receiving, recording, and processing for internal and external organisations review and approval.
Manage the flow of correspondence in and out of the company through proper transmittals; ensure outgoing documents are accurate and protect and secure confidential & proprietary information.
Submit project documentation to management team for Approval and transmit to Client and vendor.
Compiling, Printing and Shipping of MRB (Final Documentation) to regional teams and client Submission. 
Conduct weekly meeting with all stake holders (Project Management, Quality, and Engineering) to ensure on-time submission of documentation.
Conduct Weekly Team Meeting on the projection of other region projects.
Involved in various Management activities like weekly, Monthly Man-hours report submission to Finance, Monitor the capacity Utilisation of individual and submit to Regional Manager.
Provide a working partnership through Share point with other departments, assisting flow of company information.
Tuff offshore through O&G Skills India Pvt Ltd, Since 07th June-2015 to 30th April-2017 as Documentation Assistant. 

	RR Donnelley India Outsourcing Pvt Limited, Since 22nd May-2013 to 23rd May-2015, as Document Specialist

	RR Donnelley India Outsourcing Pvt Limited, through Gem Software Solutions, Since 
03rd January-2013 to 18th May-2013, as Document Specialist


Personal Details  
	Passport Number
	R9133173 (Valid upto 08 March 2028)

	Skype ID
	mail2zakkir

	Date of Birth
	20 April 1990

	Sex
	Male

	Marital Status
	Married

	Father’s Name
	H.Amanullah khan

	Nationality
	Indian

	Permanent Address
	Rahmania Nagar,
Konnai Road,
Appampattu, Meenambur P.O,
Gingee-T.K,
Villupuram (DT),
Pincode-604205,
Tamil Nadu.

	Languages Known
	To Speak: English, Tamil, Urdu & Hindi.

	
	To Write: English, Tamil.





































Declaration:

I hereby declare that the above said information is true to the best of my knowledge and belief.
Date:
Place:             		(ZAKKIR HUSSAIN.A)
