












































Over 1 year and 4 months of experience in SAP

Name: Niharika Arun Sarambalkar





SAP-ABAP

Niharika Arun Sarambalkar
Address:-

2/12, Mehata Mention,
Dr.B.A.Road,Lalbaug,

Mumbai-400012.

Email: niharika030@gmail.com  
Mobile: 9004320178 / 9757480503

Objective

To be a valuable contributing resource with a professional organization that will support and encourage my pursuit to provide services of the highest quality and To work in an organization where I am able to contribute to the organization’s growth and profitability with my skill and in turn get an opportunity to gain exposure and expertise that would help me build a strong and successful career.
Experience Summary

I am working as a SAP ABAP Consultant with Net Business Solutions Limited (NBS), since December 2010.
Responsibilities: Working as consultant in SAP R/3, managed following responsibilities.

· Developing ALV reports with share guidance of functional consultant

· Designing Smart forms
· Designing Module Pool

· Enhancement – BADI & User Exits

· Optimisation of Reports, dialog programs using optimization techniques

· Designing SAP Scripts and Smart forms.

· Uploading data

· Generation of Report using ABAP Query

EXPERIENCE SUMMARY:

Project #1                                                                                                                       

Client

 :
Manika Moulds Pvt. Ltd (MMPL).
Designation     : 
SAP ABAP Consultant 

Project             :          SAP Support Project ECC 6.0

Duration
 :
April 2011 – till date
Team Size
 :
8

Client Profile:

Manika Moulds Pvt. Ltd (MMPL), an ISO 9001: 2000 company, specializes in the manufacture of PP heat sealed battery containers.

Reports:

1. Developed ALV report for SD. The purpose of this report to display all the details i.e. sold-to-party, Ship-to-party, sales order no, sub sales order no, delivery no, material no, quantity, billing document no, all tax amount.
2. Created Customized Search Help for report.

Smart forms:

1. Created a customized Page format that was used in the smart form to provide custom Width and Height.

2. Developed smart forms for Debit note.

3. Developed smart forms for Credit note.

4. Modified a smartform to display that smartform without displaying print preview screen.

Data Transfer:

1. Uploaded data for customer master through transaction VD01.
Enhancement:

1. Enhanced transaction ME21n using standard include program FMMEXE01. Each plant is assigned to the corresponding purchasing group. If plant and purchasing group does not match then error message will be displayed

Project #2                                                                                                                       

Client

 :
Rama Cylinders Pvt Ltd.
Designation     : 
SAP ABAP Consultant 

Project             :
SAP Support Project ECC 6.0

Duration
 :
Dec 2010 to March 2011
Team Size
 :
7

Client Profile:
Rama Cylinders Pvt. Ltd, specialize in manufacturing of seamless cylinders/CNG Cylinders

Reports:

1. Created a stock ageing report. The Purpose of this report is to display the quantity of a material type stored at a storage location in intervals of 0-30 days, 31-60 days in equal intervals till 180 days and greater than 180 days.
2. Modified Several other Reports.
Smart forms:

1. Created a smartform for TAX INVOICE which displays the material transfers from factory depot and captures the excise invoice and displays assessable value and other taxes.

2. Worked on smartform for issues related to print overlapping.

3. Modified smart form for SD. The Purpose of the report is to display all the information related to the entered Sales Order Number like Sold-to-party, Ship-to-party, Customers Address, Material Number, Description, Assessable Amount and other Taxes.

4. Modified several other smartforms.

LSMW:

1. Data Migration of material master from Legacy to SAP using LSMW. 

2. Data Migration of vendor master from Legacy to SAP using LSMW.
Conceptual Knowledge:                                                                                                                                  

· Data Dictionary

· LSMW

· Module Pool

· OOPs ABAP

· BAPI

Education

	Degree
	Board / Institute / University
	Passing Year

	M.Sc. (Computer Science)
	Mumbai University
	2010

	B.Sc. (Computer Science)
	Mumbai University
	2008

	HSC
	Mumbai University
	2005

	SSC
	Maharashtra Board
	2003


Computer Languages & Technologies
· C, C++

· Java, VB, VB.Net
· OOPS concept

· HTML, Dreamweaver

· Windows XP/2000, Windows Vista, Windows 7, Unix Linux

· Oracle , MySql

Personal Deatils

Name



:   Niharika Arun Sarambalkar
Date of Birth 


:   30 Dec 1986
Nationality


:   Indian
Sex


:   Female

Languages Known
:   English, Hindi, Marathi 

