


































Objective:                   Looking for a challenging position where my knowledge

Hemant Kumar
Hemant.drona@gmail.com
Summary:
Knowledgeable Customer Service Representative with proven track record of exceeding client expectations with a varied background in tech seeking a challenging position in an industry-leading firm. Looking to implement exceptional communication and organizational skills. 
Experience
May 2015 – Oct 2017
Profile:Sr. Solution Engineer
SABURI GLOBAL SERVICES PRIVATE LIMITED,GURUGRAM
Professional Skills: -
· DHCP/DNS

· Troubleshooting proficiency

· Knowledge of Microsoft Active Directory

· Raid management and server hardware troubleshooting
Responsibilities:
Provided base level IT support to company personnel.
Resolved customer complaints and concerns with strong verbal and negotiation skills.
Supported customers having data connectivity issues.
Assisted with lead generation.
Managed IT setup and service requests for server hardware related issues.
Maintained a calm, professional demeanor when faced with high demand, high volume workloads.
Researched, documented and escalated cases to higher levels of support according to internal procedures.

Assisted customers with technical issues via email, live chat and telephone.
Nov 2017 – Feb 2018
Profile: AdWords Online Strategist
Intelenet Global Services
Responsibilities:
· Helped Offshore clients B – B clients to set up and manage the Adwords account.

· Worked together with the team to educate the existing Advertisers about Google's new features and products.

· Helped them implement new campaigns with new bid strategies using the highest performing keywords.

· Worked on different bid strategies to bring conversion and improve visibility on Google search engine and display networks.
Education
	Bachelor of Engineering
	 Anna University,Chennai
	2014


Hobbies:
· Traveller and Explorer

· Mountain Trek and recent visits (Nepal-Nagarkot,Shyambhu)

· Listening to music and Watching Movies -Genre: War/Drama/Crime/Thriller

· Love to spend time with my dad in business and with my mother in kitchen.
Given a chance ,I am open to learn new products and will always be in the list of top performers and have potential to work along with the team to achieve the targets and present outstanding results for the team.

Personal Information:
     Date of Birth :                   15th  March 1993

     Address :                            E8,Kiran Garden,Uttam Nagar,New Delhi-110059

     Address(Permanent):    Bahurani Gift Store ,near Fairfield Colony,Digha,Patna,Bihar-800011
References:
Vivek Kumar
SBU leader:Cognizant Infrastructure  services and Cloud

Contact: 9886084811

Anand Kumar
Senior Technical Specialist in Care India

Contact: 9311307562

Jitin Arora
Senior Manager ,Intelenet Global Services

Contact:8860629661.
