














































Vrushali Vasant Jadhav 
 

Sai Dham Co-operative,New Azad Nagar, 

Near Tolani College,Sher a Punjab Andheri East-400093 

Telephone: - 7506302565 

E - Mail ID: jadhavvrushali56@gmail.com 

 

 OBJECTIVE 

Seek an appropriate Position for Working with an Organization having a strong vision and mission to 

enhance its growth and development providing simultaneous opportunities for strengthening the 

foundation of my own self and further enhance my Knowledge. 

 CAREER PROFILE 

 Resourceful in the completion of projects, effective at multi-tasking. 

 Highly trustworthy, discreet and ethical. 

 

 WORK EXPERIENCE 

 

1. Powerweave Software Services Pvt Ltd 

 

Currently, I’m working as Back Office Executive in Powerweave Software Services Pvt Ltd. I was 

working from last 1 year. 

Work Task:- 

 I was held responsible maintained the daily transactions data in the MS excel sheets & Answered 
all mails received by clients and resolved their queries and complains on a daily basis. 

 I was also managed to do quality checks for them. 

 Enter incoming purchase orders/faxes into pre-defined excel sheets or web forms across remote 
desktops. 

 Verification of tracking numbers.  

 Entering dummy orders.  

 Also be required to enter product details from printed catalogues into excel sheets or web forms. 

 Daily given a number of entries to be done on a day to day basis. 

 During shift required to compose emails with the report of daily work done and time taken. 

 Required to maintain accurate reports of work done. 

 Manually checking of daily vendor invoices for before processing for payment. 

 Co-ordination with Account payable team regarding vendor payment query, pending invoice and 
Urgent payment process. 

 Follow-up with Payment Approver team regarding vendor payment done or not & urgent 
Payment request. 

 

 

  

 



 ACADEMIC  QUALIFICATION 
 

Examination Board / University  Year Of Passing  Percentage 

T.Y.B com. Mumbai University March -2016 65% 

H.S.C. Mumbai Board  March- 2013 60% 

S.S.C. Mumbai Board  March -2011 72% 

 

 

 ADDITIONAL  QUALIFICATION 
 

EXAMINATION Institute 

MS-CIT Infonet Institute 

MS-EXCEL Infonet Institute 

 

 COMPUTER PROFICIENCY 

1) Knowledge of  Basic Accounting. 

2) Knowledge of  Sap Software. 

3) Knowledge of Microsoft Word, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Access, Microsoft PowerPoint. 

4) Knowledge of Internet & E- Mail. 

       I hereby declare that all the above Information is true to the Best of My Knowledge and belief. 

 

 PERSONAL DETAIL 

Name    : Vrushali Vasant Jadhav 

Date of Birth   : 15TH October 1995 

Marital status   : Single 

Gender    : Female 

Language Known  : English, Hindi, Marathi 

Hobbies   : Travelling & Dancing 

 

                                                                                

PLACE: - Mumbai                                                                                      (Vrushali Vasant Jadhav) 


