















































RESUME  

 

SANDHYA KUMARI ADDRESS: 

Mobile No: +91- 8207703602 

Email: sandhya111kumari@gmail.com 

Alt. Email : sandhya1111kumari@gmail.com 

Poojitha PG 9th Main 

Taverekere,Road,Near Apolo 

Pharmacy,BTM  farm, M.S Palya. 

Bangalore- 560068 

 

Career Objective:  

 
To work in a challenging position in organization where I can utilize and enhance my skills in achieving the overall 

objective and purpose of the organization. 

 

Summary:  

 
 Quick learner.  

 Eager to learn. 

 Ability to apply good and efficient logic, while writing software programs. 

 Having a capability to handle the team. 

 Good analytical skill. 

Professional Abridgement: 

 
 Having 2 year 2 months of IT experience. 

 1.2 years experience dedicated to Ecommerce. Specialized in DEMANDWARE, JQUERY, AJAX. 

 Possess good communication and written skills with strong customer orientation. 

 Proficient in Java, J2EE technologies. 

 Work experience in various web based applications using Spring, Hibernate frameworks. 

 Knowledge on Maven. 

 Proficiency in applying MVC (Model-View-Controller) architecture using Spring Framework. 

 Proficient in Software Configuration Management like GIT,SVN. 

 Key Skills: DEMANDWARE,JAVA, SPRING, SQL, HIBERNATE, JAVASCRIPT , JQUERY, AJAX 

,HTML,CSS. 

 Completed training on Java/j2ee from Lara Technologies, Bangalore. Which contains Core java, Servlet,JSP, 

Spring,JDBC,Hibernate,SQL,HTML,CSS.  

 Actively involved in whole life cycle of projects (Analysis, Development, Debugging, Testing implementation 

and Client Interaction). 

 Completed MCA (Master of Computer Application) in the Year 2015. 

 1.2 years experience dedicated to Ecommerce. Specialized in SPRING,HIBERNATE, JQUERY, AJAX. 

 

 

 

Professtional Training:

 

 Completed 6 months  Training in Java and J2EE from LARA TECHNOLOGY Bangalore. 

Career Profile:

 

 PFSweb global Services Pvt Ltd, Bang. (Feb 1st 2016 – May 15th 2017) (Working as Software Engineer). 

o Pandora: Feb 1st 2016 to May 15th 2017.(Ecommerce Domain). 

mailto:sandhya1111kumari@gmail.com


 

 

 

Project Experience:  

 

 Project 1: Pandora. 

 Client: Pandora 

 Description:  Pandora – A jewellary based project. 

PANDORA is an online shopping website for jewellery items  ie (Bracelets, Charms, Rings, Earrings, Retired, 

Necklaces and Pedants) . This project is based on e-commerce. This project is running worldwide on 11 

countries. 

. 

 Role Played:  Software Engineer. 

 Responsibilities / Contribution:  

o Involved in understanding and analyzing the requirements of the Project. 

o Verifying the feeds received from upstream system before processing. 

o Working in Ecommerce Domain(Demandware  platform) using Jquery , Html , CSS , Ajax , XML 

Technologies. 

o Worked for Ecommerce domain Applications development 

o Expertise in Demandware business manager.Configuring & creating preferences, promotions and Job 

schedulers. Workflows, Replications, Importing & exporting,Search, and Products & Catalogs. 

o Strong knowledge in ISML. Demandware Scripts, Pipelines, Pipelets, 

o Good knowledge of Integration Framework, Service Framework(like Tealium,Payment Methods ) and 

custom Business Manager Modules.(like Order management) 

 Team: 

o Team: 7 (1 in UI,4 in Development including Team Lead and Project Manager,2 in Testing Team{1 

for Automation,1 for mannual and report generating}) 

 

 

 Technical Skills: 

o Programming Languages: CORE JAVA,J2EE,JQUERY,AJAX,HTML,CSS,XML. 

o Application Servers:                   Demandware. 

o IDE & Tool:                               Eclipse, JIRA,UX Studio. 

o Operating System:                     Windows XP, 7,8. 

o Domain Knowledge:                 Ecommerce. 

 

 

 

 Wesnia Info Solutions (june 5th 2017 – Till date) . 

 Project 2: Knowledge Pro. 

Project details: Knowledge-Pro is designed for educational institutions / autonomous colleges / universities 

to simplify the needs of college administration. Knowledge-Pro can keep track of students’ complete 

academic details; from the application submission till the course completion and the alumni details too. You 

can also maintain college staff details right from the time of their recruitment. The solution also takes care of 

the time table generation, asset management, examination and fee payments and more. 

 Role Played:  Software Engineer. 

 Responsibilities / Contribution:  

o Involved in understanding and analyzing the requirements of the Project. 



o Responsible for coding of web Application In Spring and Hibernate. 

o Unit testing. 

 

 Team :  

o Team: 6 (1 in UI,3 in Development including Team Lead and Project Manager,2 in Testing Team{1 

for automation,1 for mannual and report generating}) 

 Technical Skills: 

o Programming Languages: CORE JAVA,J2EE,JQUERY,AJAX,HTML,CSS. 

o Framework:                                Spring. 

o IDE & Tool:                               Eclipse, JIRA,Bitbucket. 

o Operating System:                     Windows XP, 7,8. 

o ORM:                                         Hibernate. 

o Server:                                        Apache Tomcat. 

Educational Qualification: 

 
Degree 

Or Class Institution Board/University Year of passing Percentage 

MCA 
Banasthali 

University, 

Rajasthan. 

Banasthali 

University 

2015 59% 

BCA 
Gaya College, Gaya, 

Bihar. MU 2012 76% 

I Sc. 
Mirza Ghalib 

College, Gaya, 

Bihar. 

BSEB 2009 61% 

10th  
T.Model, Gaya, 

Bihar. BSEB 2007 68% 

 

Hobbies: 

 
 Reading Books. 

 Watching Movies. 

 Cooking. 
 

Strength: 

 
 Dedication, Self-motivation, Team spirit, Perseverance, Work pressure handling are my key strengths that 

enable me to achieve the tasks assigned to me with desired quality and time lines. 

 

Personal Details: 

 
 Name   : Sandhya  Kumari. 

 DOB   : 12/08/1992 

 Nationality  : Indian 

 Languages  : Hindi, English. 

 Sex   : Female 

 

Declaration: 

 
I hereby declare that the information and facts stated above are correct and true to the best of my knowledge and 

belief. I assure that I will perform my duties to the best of my ability if I get employed in your esteemed organization. 

 

 

Place: Bangalore (Sandhya Kumari) 

Date :8/3/2018.    Signature 

 

 


	RESUME
	 Completed 6 months  Training in Java and J2EE from LARA TECHNOLOGY Bangalore.

