













































Summary


  

Pratik Dattatray Brahmankar 
 

25, Apurvai CHS, Kalanagar, Indiranagar, Nashik 422009 
 Contact No: 8828218069 

pratik.brahmankar@gmail.com 
 
Career Objective 

Seeking a position in IT industry wherein I can utilize my technical skills in technical operations domain, 
and can enhance my skills to meet organization goals and objective with full integrity and zest.   

 
Career Snapshot 

 

A competent professional with 2 years of experience in Technical Operations in On-boarding domain 
which includes Application/DB/Server based Issue Resolution, Performance Monitoring (includes health 
of network Nodes and rectification) and performance optimization (includes scripting). 
Was fortunate to be an active participant in Reliance JIO’s revolutionary project since its beginning 
which led me to learning things right from gathering raw requirements to making them fit into a 
product that is ready to be delivered in Production after successful testing in lower environments. 
 
Skills Set  

Tools                         : MS Office, SOAPUI, SQL Developer, Putty, Notepad++, SAP Logon, TIBCO PMC 
Dashboard, PIM, AppDynamics, HPSM, HPRUM, APM tool 

Operating Systems : Microsoft Windows, UNIX.  

Language              :  C, C++, JAVA, SQL 
 
Career Sketch 

 
 Employer       : Reliance Jio Infocomm Ltd, Ghansoli, Navi Mumbai, India  
 Designation   : Assistant manager - TOPS 
 Duration       : August 2015 to Present.  
 
 
 

 Applications/teams being part of till date in JIO 4G Project: 

 

1. August 2015 to March 2016 

Application 
Name : 

Order to activation (Customer Onboarding) 

Project: Keeping track of end to end customer on-boarding till activation through 
all IT systems 

Role:   L1 & L2 Support 

 
   

Responsibilities:  

 Providing L1 & L2 level support in Operation team for different roles, on various technical issues 
faced in the application.  

 Providing Root cause analysis (RCA) of the problems. 
 Reconciliation of data between source application and other downstream systems. 
 Handling emergency tickets and if required coordinating with other application teams to investigate 

faults/cause related to system. 
 Worked collaboratively with teams of testers, developers and Operation team members in testing 

projects requiring End to End testing for the overall enhancement of the process. 



  
 Verifying different exceptions/errors by validating logs created by different applications involved. 
 Optimising the time for investigation by getting created different dashboards to immediately detect 

dysfunctioning of any IT system involved the flow. 
 
 

2. March 2016 to March 2017 

Application 
name: 

In10’s,Dedupe & Webxpress (Customer onboarding) 

Project: IN10’s was a web based customer on-boarding portal which had Dedupe 
as an integrated system to validate data adhering to TRAI mandates 
Webxpress was a web portal in integration with an android app for 
physical CAF collection.  

Role:   L1 & L2 Support 

 
   
Responsibilities:  

 Providing L1 & L2 level support in Operation team for different roles, on various technical 
issues faced in the application.  

 Providing Root cause analysis (RCA) of the problems. 
 Configuring different task schedulers and making sure that application works fine 24x7 

 As this was majorly a DB driven application, got to understand the procedural execution of 
application through DB. 

 IN10’s was based on Linux OS wherein Webxpress was on Windows so got to get used to for 
both OS with more inputs.  

 Been part of applications launching journey i.e. actual movement from lower environment to 
production environment for the very first time. 

 

3. March 2017 till Present 

Application 
Name : 

JIOPOS PLUS,aadhaar-EKYC 

Project: Customer on-boarding POS which is used by every retailer in reliance 
store or in any other tiny store that sells JIO Products.  

Role:   L1 & L2 support 

 
 
Responsibilities: 
 

 Providing L1 & L2 level support in Operation team for different roles, on various technical 
issues faced in the application.  

 Providing Root cause analysis (RCA) of the problems. 
 Configuring different task schedulers and making sure that application works fine 24x7 

 Delivering new features in the application in co-ordination with the developers. 
 Instant debugging of challenges faced by users in the field to ensure smooth user experience. 
 Keeping a close eye on the health and configuration of all windows and Linux servers. 
 Preparing DB scripts and executing them on timely basis 
 Doing various DB activities to keep operations online and to keep application working 

according to business requirements. 
 Aadhaar-ekyc included ASA-KSA and AUA-KUA UNIX based severs to interact with the 

government aadhaar servers for agent and customer authentication and authorization. 
 Also have been actively involved in each deployment delivery of all the applications I was part 

of. 
 
 
 



  
 
 
 
 

Scholastics 

 
 Bachelor of Engineering in Information Technology, Sinhgad Institute of Technology, Pune 

University, May 2015. 
 H.S.C. Science, KTHM Junior College, Nashik April 2010  

 
 S.S.C, Z.P Kakani vidyalaya, Malegaon, Nashik 2008 Batch 

 
PERSONAL DETAILS 
 

Date of Birth     : 31st July 1992 
Sex                  : Male 
Marital Status     : Single 
Nationality           : Indian 

       Linguistic Proficiency   : English, Hindi, Marathi 
 

 

I solemnly affirm that the information furnished above is true in all respects, to the best of my 
knowledge. 
 

 -Pratik Dattatray Brahmankar 


