













































Ranjan Kumar Dubey
[B-Tech 5.11 yrs. Of Experience in J2SE/J2EE ]

Mobile
:      +918496853040

Email
:       ranjan.javadeveloper7@gmail.com 

Professional Summary:

· An experienced programmer and software engineer with experience in development, testing and maintenance in domains like Application Development (Web Development) and Product Development using various technologies including J2SE and J2EE.

· Possess excellent coding and debugging skills.

· Proven ability to transform concepts into working and stable applications.

· Highly motivated, excellent team player with problem solving and troubleshooting capabilities.

· Quick Learner with tremendous interest in new technologies.

· As a person, I am hard working and have the confidence to work under pressure and face challenges on my way. Capable to work as a key player in a challenging and creative environment.

Career Path:

	Name Of The Company
	Designation
	Period

	Teamware Solutions
	Senior Software Engineer
	Sep 2015 – Till Date

	YourSeoServices
	Software Engineer
	Aug 2013 – Sep 2015

	    LanceSoft India Pvt Ltd.


	Software Engineer
	Nov 2011 –July 2013


Training:

· Undergone Certification in Java from Nov 2010 to Oct 2011 in Lara Technologies http://www.laratechnology.com/  in Bangalore 
Technical Skills:

Technical Skill Set:


J2SE, Servlet, JSP. 

Framework Knowledge:

Hibernate
Scripting Languages:


HTML, JavaScript, Ext-JS, CSS.

Build Tools:



Apache Ant

Version Control Servers:

SVN, CVS

Database:



MySql, Oracle10g

Operating System:


Linux ,Windows XP

Java IDE:



Eclipse

Web Server:

                       Apache Tomcat.

Application Server :                            JBOSS.

Domain Knowledge:


Core Java & J2EE.

Project Experience:

	Time Period
	Project Title
	Organization/Institution

	Mar-2014 to

Sep 2105
Aug-2013 to

Mar-2014

Aug-2012 to

July-2013

July-2012 to

Nov-2011


	Intelligent Device Processing(IDP)

Pimpra

Total Environment Build System
www.dandb.com
	           YourSeoServices, Bangalore

           YourSeoServices, Bangalore

   LanceSoft India Pvt Ltd, Bangalore

   LanceSoft India Pvt Ltd, Bangalore




Project Description:

#1


Intelligent Device Provisioning



Client


ACT Network

Tools

            Eclipse, JSF, Prime faces , Hibernate, EJB, Java Script, CSS, MySQL, JBOSS.

Team Size

5

Role


Software Developer

Responsibilities



· Working as a team member to analyze the business and platform requirements.

· Design and develop the technical solution for the project.

· Involved in implementing the UI pages and action classes using JSF.

· Involved in implementing database interaction using Hibernate.

· Involved in Test plan development and Testing of module.

Project Description

ACT is a Triple play service provider. IDP is product developed to manage their network 
devices (mainly switches). This involves 

· Inventory of all the deployed switches

· Store configuration of the switches

· Hierarchy based, Location aware dynamic configuration

· Scalable to add future devices

· Multi-User 

· The ACT network consists of various Fx and the Cx devices. The Cx devices are connected to a port of Fx device. The idea is to automate the Fx and Cx configuration so that once the device is attached on the live network; it works seamlessly without any further configuration requirement. From a use case perspective this setup of Cx will be dependent on Fx and should be done after the Cx device is pulled out of the Inventory.

#2


www.pimpra.com





Client


YourSeoServices

Tools

            Eclipse, JSP, Servlet, Java Script, MySQL, Tomcat6.0.

Team Size

8

Role


Software Developer

Responsibilities



· Worked as a team member to analyze the business requirements.

· Design and develop the technical solution for the project.

· Involved in implementing codes to interact with database by JDBC and developing the JSP pages.

· Involved in Test plan development and Testing of module.

Project Description

· This project refers to Yellow Pages of businesses, categorized according to the product or service provided. The project comprises of design and development of the versions of an online business directory.

· The directory will contain over 25 million business listings (part of an existing data set). All the listing has been categorized into different categories within particular cities and states. Anybody can search/get all the details about particular business listing. The search technique has been done by Apache solr to minimize the search. It is fully information side. 

#3


Total Environment Build System



Client


Total Environment

Tools

            Eclipse, Restful Web Services, Ext-Js, Jmetter, MySQL, Websphere.

Team Size

6

Role


Software Developer

Responsibilities



· Involved in implementing server side components using J2EE REST API.

· Implemented  web GUI components for designer and admin interface using Extjs4 and html.

· Involved in meetings to gather information and requirements from the clients and preparing the requirement document.

· Developed Jmeter test cases for the enhancement done in the application.

· Used JDBC to access database & stored procedures.

Project Description

· Total Environment Build System (TEBS) facilitates customization of homes using the eBuild service. eBuild software service offers full capacity of customization which includes home interior, spaces and layouts. eBuild customer interface is intuitive and offers 2D and 3D views of interiors. Using the eBuild system a customer can choose from a wide range of options such as layout, styles, colors and themes. It also provides instant information on costs and feasibility; customers can even compare between costs of various options and select the desired one.

· eBuild solutions enables real estate players (architects, developers, contractors, interior designers) the ability to integrate with other market players and offer the end consumer complete personalization of their homes (apartments or villas).

#4


www.dandb.com



                            
Client


Dun & Bradstreet, US.

Tools


 Eclipse, JSP, Servlet, Java Script, CSS,  MySQL, Tomcat5.5.

Team Size

8

Role


Software Developer

Responsibilities



· Worked as a team member to analyze the business requirements.

· Involved in implementing server side components using Servlet.

· Involved in implementing codes to interact with database using JDBC.

· Involved in Test plan development and Testing of module.

Project Description

The project comprises of design and development of the versions of an online business directory.  The directory will contain over 25 million business listings (part of an existing data set) . All the listing has been categorized into different categories within particular cities and states. Anybody can search/get all the details about particular business listing. The search technique has been done by Apache solr to minimize the search. It is fully information side.

Educational Background:

· B-tech from KIIT University Bhubaneswar, with 68% marks 

Extra Curricular Activities:

· Coordinator of National level college IT fest and Cultural fest. 

· Participated in the university cricket tournament. 

· Participated/Organized in Personality Development Seminars in College. 

Personal Info:

Date of Birth:

07-09-1986

Present Address:
C/O - Prakash R,




Plot No 33, Ground floor,

                                      16th main road, 15th cross,

                                       BTM 2nd Stage,

                                       Near Mico Layout Police Station,

                                       Bangalore-560076

Permanent Address     C/O-Shiva Shankar Dubey,
                                       446, Chakeisihani, P/O- Rasulgarh
                                       Bhubaneswar , 751010

Language Known: 
English(R-W-S), Hindi(R-W-S)
Hobbies:
             listening music, Playing Cricket, Carom & Browsing net

The above information is true to best of my knowledge

References: Can be provided on request.

 Place :  Bangalore




  
 (Ranjan Kumar Dubey) 


