












































RESUME


                                                       MAKKINENI SUMAN                                                                   

EMAIL : makkinenisuman@gmail.com                                                                                    Mobile No:- +919482299002                                                                                                                                                                          

 
Professional Summary: 

 

➢ 2+yrsof experience in Java/J2EE Technologies and in Web-based Applications. 

➢ Experience in various domains like Banking, pharmaceutical, Retail and many process levels. 

➢ Hands on Experience in Node.Js , JSF, Spring and Hibernate frameworks. 

➢ Experience in developing the web based applications with BPM tools using JAVA, Servlet and MySQL server. 

➢ Having good knowledge in OOPS concepts and Database programming skills SQL. 

➢ Good in analyzing, posses a unique combination of excellent technical skills and ability to understand client 

requirements. 

➢ Quick learner and excellent team player having ability to meet tight deadlines and work under pressure 

➢ Ability to work independently as well as in a team environment. 

➢ Ability to learn new technologies with minimal time period. 

➢ Flexible and versatile to adapt any new environment and work on any project. 

 

 

Technical Skills: 
 

Programming  Language Java, J2EE, Node.js. 

Web Technologies  JSP, Servlets, AngularJs, Ajax, JQuery, Json, XML, JavaScript , Html. 

Frameworks Spring ,Hibernate, Spring Boot. 

Application/Web Server Jboss, Tomcat, Node Server. 

ORM  Tool Hibernate, JPA , Spring DATA. 

Building Tools Maven. 

Debugging-Testing Log4j,Junit. 

 IDE Tools Eclipse, NetBeans and Spring Tool Suite. 

Database MySQL ,SQL Server, Oracle. 

Web Services Restful. 

Cloud Platform Amazon Web Services. 

Operating System Windows, Ubuntu 14, Linux. 

Chart Library Google Chart,C3js,TreeGraphs. 

 
 
 
 

mailto:sumanmakkineni@gmail.com


Courses:  
 

➢ Programming in JAVA and J2EE-JSPIDERS, Bangalore (Basavanagudi). 

 
 

Professional Experience 
 

➢ Software Engineer, Newgen Software Technologies (Sep’ 16 to Till date) 
 

➢ Project Engineer, Orileo Technologies (Dec’ 15 to Aug’ 16) 
 

➢ Systems Engineer Intern, Infosys Limited (Sep’ 14 to Dec ’14) 

 
 

Projects Summary 
 

➢ Project       : Master Document and Issuance Process, Tenshi Life Sciences - Bangalore. 
Environment: Web Based Application (Java, Servlets,Jsp, SQL Server 2012). 
Description: To store the master MFR, MPR, BMR, BPR, Annexure documents and Issue them to manufacture the drugs. 

 

Role in the project:  

▪ Developed process implementation and design forms for master documents and batch issuance. 
▪ Developed custom validations to validate form and document validations. 
▪ Code fixing, Review and maintenance of the application. 

 
 

➢ Project       : Retail Loan (Lending) Origination Software System, Sanasa Development Bank, Sri Lanka. 
Environment: Web Based Application (Java, JSF, SQL Server 2012). 
Description: To automate the Retail loan system to process the loan to customers in quicker way using BPM tool. 

           

 Role in the project:  

▪ Designed JSF forms and developed overall functionalities for Housing, Education and personal loan 
products. 

▪ Developed stored procedures and queries for the product. 
▪ Code fixing, Review and maintenance of the application. 

 
 

➢ Project        : CKYC Implementation, Federal Bank – Kerela. 
Environment: Web Based Application (Java, Servlets,  Jsp, SQL Server 2012) 
Description: Automation of CKYC no generation and fetching customer details from the Centralised Repository.. 

 

Role in the project:  

▪ Developed custom utility to download documents from BPM tool and zip the folder. Then upload to CKYC 
server. 

▪ Code fixing, Review and maintenance of the application. 

  

http://www.newgensoft.com/solutions/banking-finance/loan-origination/


 

➢ Project:  Strides Shasun Ltd (TNM resource - Onsite). 
Environment: Web Based Application (Java, Jsp, SQL Server 2012) 
Description: To store the master BMR, BPR, Annexure documents and Issue the documents to manufacture the drugs. 
 

Role in the project:  

▪ Developed process implementation and design forms for master documents and batch issuance. 
▪ Developed custom validations to validate form and document validations. 
▪ Provided support for existing internal processes such as Account payable, Issuance Execution and so on.  

 
➢ Project:  Hitachi Anomaly D2P.      Duration: Feb 2016 to July 2016. 

Environment:  Core Java, Springs, Hibernate, MySQL 6, AngularJs, JQuery, Google Chats. 
 Description: Collecting sensor data from different locations and Analyzing the sensor performance. 
 

Role in the project:  

▪ Designed sensor dashboard and sensor monitoring graphs. 
▪ Developed functionalities to collecting and display the sensor data in web application 

 
➢ Project:  Melloe.        Duration: Feb 2016 to July 2016. 

Environment:  Core Java, Spring boot, Spring Data, Restful web services, Amazon web services and Ubuntu 14.0.      
Description: Selling products online through web application and Mobile application. 

 

Role in the project:  

▪ Developed overall functionalities and Rest API’s. 
▪ Developed stored procedures, and queries. 

 
➢ Project:  Ediary.        Duration: Dec 2015 to June 2016. 

Environment: Node.js, Express, MySQL 6, AngularJs, JQuery, Amazon web Services and Ubuntu 14.0 
Description: Simplify the daily operations of any school functional administration and communication with parents & 
different players at different levels on single platform. 

 

 Role in the project:  

▪ Designed Web forms and developed overall functionalities for School ERP. 
▪ Developed stored procedures, triggers and queries for the product. 
▪ Maintenance of Application, fixes, enhancements. 
▪ Production Support for School ERP. 

 
     

Awards and Honours: 
 

➢ Achieved Best Excellence Award for the quarter Oct 2016 – Dec 2016 in Newgen Software Technologies.  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Educational Qualification: 
 

 
 

 
I hereby declare that all the details mentioned above are true to the best of my knowledge. 
 

Date:- 

Place: -                                                                                                                        (M. SUMAN).                                                                                                                                                                                       

 BE (CSE, 68.31%)-2014 
               At Kuppam Engineering College, JNTU, Anantapur. 
 

 Higher Secondary (85.8%)-2010 
               Vijnana Jyothi Junior College, Andhra Pradesh 
 

 SSC (71%)-2008 

               Matriculation,  Andhra Pradesh 


	Professional Summary:
	Technical Skills:
	Awards and Honours:
	Educational Qualification:

