












































PRIYANKA PAUL

                                                  Mohammad AzeemBaba.
                                                  Email:mohammadazeembaba.atpl@gmail.com

                                                  Phone: +91-9000702498, 8639161647
Career Objective:  
To reach the highest echelons in an organization with hardwork, dedication constant endeavor to perform better and give results.

  Professional summary:

· 1 year and 8 months of IT experience in developing Java/J2EE based Enterprise applications.
· Have Excellent Java developemet Skills using J2EE, Servlets, Jsp, JDBC etc.
· Extensive hands on experience in handling User Cases,Application Development and Implementation.

· Good working Kowledge on Application development and maintainance life cycle process
· Hands on experience on JavaScript, JQuery, CSS  and HTML.
· Have excellent communication and Inter personal skills
 Professional Experience:
    Organization 
: Akranta Software Technologies Pvt Ltd
     Designation 
: Software Engineer, Application Developer
     Period
   
: Oct 2016 to till Date
Scholastic Profile:

· B-Tech from JNTUH University from Bhaskar Engineering College in 2015 with aggregate of 67.3%
·  12th standard from Higher Secondary Education Board in 2011 with aggregate of 86.1%
·  10 th from Secondary Education Board in 2009 with aggregate of 65% 
   Achievements:

· Have Certification from Talent Sprint on Java Platform.
Technical Expertise:
Technical Skills: Core Java, J2EE, JDBC 
Languages: Java

Scripting Languages: Html, Jsp, Java Script, Jquery
WebDatabase Languages: Oracle, PLSQL, SQL
Web Technologies: JSON, AJAX, XML
Web Server: Tomcat 7
Platform: Windows 7, Windows XP, Windows 10
Design Software: Eclipse, EditPlus, Oracle XE, Oracle 10g
Experience Summary:

Presently am associated with Akranta Technologies Pvt Limited as a Software programmer and Application developer since October 2016 to till Date.
Project Profile 
 1. Project Name:       PERFEX

Client
                        ITC-Paperboards and Specialty Papers Division
Role
                        Application Developer

Period
                        Oct-2016-Till Now-ITC

Environment
             Java, Servlet, Html, CSS, JQuery

Database
             Oracle 10g, PL/SQL

Team Size
             10

Project Description:

            Perfex360is a System designed to support proven best practices like Total Productive Maintenance (TPM). It effectively helps the organization to control Breakdowns, analyze Root cause of failure and implement counter measures, schedule for planning and execute Maintenance activities, identify continuous improvement projects, prepare Maintenance Work Orders, manage Spare Parts requirement and optimize inventory, capture Production losses, track Production performance and monitor Key Performance Indicators, Safety monitoring and Incident Tracking and capital Planning.
Role and Responsibilities:
· Requirement Analysis
· Design pages using Html, Jquery, CSS and Ajax.
· I achieved working experience of writing Database database stored Function, Procedures and Triggers
· Responsible for creating DB tables in development schema and wrote oracle functions, procedures and packages in PL/SQL
· Developed DAO (Data Access Object) component using JDBC to access database 
· Handling Functional Flow (Testing) of Perfex Application and Supporting Client Side if any problem 

Arise.
Personal Details: 

Father Name 
: Mohammad Ahmad Miya

Date of Birth: 05-04-1994

Sex: Male 

Martial Status: Unmarried 

Languages: English, Hindi, Telugu
            Pan Card No: DGPPM0556R
            Permanent Address: No.19-1-97, ITDA Road, Bhadrachalam (Mnd), Bhadrari- Kothagudem (Dist), Telangana India –507111.
Declaration:
I hereby declare that the above-mentioned information is correct to the best of my knowledge and I bear responsibility for the correctness of the above-mentioned particulars.
Mohammad AzeemBaba


