



























                                                                   RESUME
                                                                   RAGHUNATH K
Email  Rnraghunath2@gmail.com
Contact: +91 9293761548
Linkedin: https://www.linkedin.com/pub/raghunath-k/49/837/82b
 DOB: 24/6/92
CAREER OBJECTIVE : To work in a organization where can I use my skills to achieve the   organization objective and get conductive environment to learn and grow.
	Examination
	Institution
	University
	Year of passing
	Percentage

	
	
	
	
	

	BTECH(CSE)
	SR Engineering
College

	JNTU HYD
	2013
	65.46

	
	
	State Board
	
	

	DIPLOMA(CSE)
	VMR polytechnic
	
	2010
	72


TECHNICAL SKILLS :
Operating Systems: Windows, Linux

Languages: C, Java Html, Python
Databases: MS Access, SQL, Oracle
Internet Applications: HTML, Java script, XML, CSS
Package: Office


Work experience:
Currently working with Amazon as “Customer service email for North America clients”. I deal with the digital and devices issues. Started working from October 2016 to present. As a part of Amazon technical team I had experience into the following into the following with Amazon digital and devices:
Responsibilities:
· Respond to customer queries through offline and live medium of communication.
· Follow the workflow & adhere to SLAs - TFR, TRT, TAT, and FCR
· Investigate payment concerns brought up by NA customers
· Technical troubleshooting of issues related to Amazon digital services and 3p sellers which include games, software applications, music and video streaming.
· Troubleshooting devices owned by Amazon and devices on which Amazon provides its services.
· Escalate pending order related issues and reprocess stuck orders through the system.
· Route issues and bugs that need engineering expertise to the development teams
· Identify issues related to the digital content and suggest removal of content by reporting it to ticketing teams.
Subjects of interest:
Cd, Os, Se, Cn, It, Computer Networks, Web Technology, Business Analytics, Data interpretation.
PROJECTS : 
       Project: 
Project Title : Mobile Search Engine for Content and Location Based Search
Environment : Android

Abstract: We propose a customized mobile programme (PMSE) that captures the users’ preferences within the kind of ideas by mining their click through knowledge. Because of the importance of location data in mobile search, PMSE classifies these ideas into content ideas and placement ideas. 

(Mini Project) : 
Project Title: Enhanced security for online exams using group cryptography
Environment:
Front End: Visual Studio 2008,ASP .NET and C#
Back End: MS SQL 2005 
My Role In The Project: Administrator
Description:
Online exams can be rapidly increased in the world. Difficulty to attend the exam in the particular time and place can be overcome by the online exam. In this online exam student can misuses this facility by cheating the exams in various way like getting the answer from local hard disk etc.
So the aim of this project is to use the security control system technique ,in this way we are using the cryptography method. This can maintain the online exam question and answer in the much secured way.
ACHIEVEMENTS:
**participated in science fairs at school level.
**Member of Amity “save the children” organization **Attended camps as a part of NCC cadet.
**
**Attended various conferences that are organized by JNTU H

STRENGTHS:
I like multitasking environment which makes me feel active.
 I feel comfortable to work with target completion. 
I like to work as a team rather than a single.

I respect the suggestions that comes to me as I work.
DECLARATION:
I hereby declare that the information specified above is true to the best of my knowledge and belief.
Place: Hyderabad
Date: 20/1/19
(RAGHUNATH K)

/

