



























































Sushovan Mukherjee
mukherjee.sushovan1989@gmail.com
VILL + PO = ILAHIPUR; DIST = HOOGHLY;

THANA = HARIPAL;
PIN = 712707

Mobile No: (+91) 8820204440

Objective "I can work independently using my own initiative or as part of a team."
Total Work Experience 2 year in IT and 3.6 years in Academics.

Key Skills
 C, C++,C#
 HTML, CSS , Java Script, j query
 ASP.Net using C# , Web API, 3Tire Architecture, Web Service ,WCF, XSD

Work experience

Techno India University, Kolkata 2012 - February 2016
Teaching Assistance

 Creating Websites for the Institute.
 Taking regular Classes of University Students.
 Guiding Final year Students to complete their Projects as a Mentor.
 Performed general office duties and administrative tasks.
 Generating Exam Results.

Capital Numbers Pvt Ltd, Kolkata June 2016 - Till date
.Net Developer

 Two years of hands on experience in coding, testing, implementation and maintenance
support.

 Experience in requirement analysis and database designing.
 Quick learner and eager to learn new technologies.
 Strong in understanding and integrating third party web services.

Project Responsibility

ROLES & RESPONSIBILITIES
 Understanding the requirements of the project, analysis.
 Designing the database.
 Implementing the project development.
 Deploying the project in production environment.
 Testing the application.
 Demo the changes to the Clients.



Technical Skills

Project Experience

Project Name: AFAS
Technology: ASP.Net, SQL Server, j query, HTML5, CSS3, Web Service
Role: Developer
Description: AFAS is an Web application where user can add Purchase order, Checks, Receipt,
Journal Entry, Deposit and Transfer. This is a school management web site from where all the
payment and account section can handle by the user.
It have option to Print all the Purchase order, Checks, Receipt, Journal Entry, Deposit and
Transfer.
also option for void them and reissue them.
It have the option for generate Many kind of Report for all the details.
Admin have the privilege to add School, User, Bank, Bank Account, Account Numbers and
Beginning balance, Admin can modify and change the details of the added school also.
It have an Audit log option to track the change made by user in the application.

Project Name: NGBL
Technology: ASP.Net, SQL Server, j query, HTML5, CSS3, WCF, XSD
Role: Developer
Description: NGBL is an Web application where user can add Business,License and Owner.
Owner and licenses are related to the business. They have the option to maintain the business
information and print the details of the business and license as well.
This is the application For maintain the License Issue and Reissue for a Business.
There are different search option for different reports and also have the option to print them as
well as take the pdf format and excel format of the search result.
This application have a admin section from where the site main details can be handled and
modified.
this application also have an option for import text file of data to the application and export the
data of application as well.

Project Name: Next Gen Cloud
Technology: ASP.Net, SQL Server, j query, HTML5, CSS3, Web Service
Role: Developer
Description: Next Gen Cloud is an Web application where all the accounting related work can be
done. In this application there are one option for user and also user group. Both of them have the
option to add and renew licenses. User need to buy the licenses to use the application part wise only
the purchased members can access the application. There are option for Admin who can control all
those licenses.
In that application there is a part called NGDM its an document management application where user
can scan any paper copy and after that the system will generate the soft copy for that document.

Languages (Server Side / Client Side) C#, VB, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, j query

Technology / Framework
ASP.net, Framework ver. 4.0/4.5, Web API, WCF, Web
Service, XSD

Web development tools Microsoft Visual Studio

Operating Systems / Web Servers Windows

Documentation Tools MS Office



Project Name: Opera House
Technology: ASP.Net, SQL Server, j query, HTML5, Web API
Role: Developer
Description: Opera House is the Project for book tickets for the available show. User need to
select the show and then select the seat from the seat layout, after that they get the details of seat
and total payment amount.
After that they need to pay the amount from 3rd party payroll. After that ticket details will be
send to the user email and confirmation of payment will also send to the user email.

Project Name: NG Permits
Technology: ASP.Net, SQL Server, j query, HTML5, CSS3, Web API
Role: Developer
Description: NG Permits is an Web application where user need to apply for the request the permit
for whatever they need to do from government. Like for cutting one tree in front of their house they
need to take the permit from government to do that, then they comes to that application.
This application also have the accounting systems. Admin have the privilege to do anything at the
application and there is one option for the page permission which can be set from the admin side.
User can perform their job according to the permission given by Admin.

Education
MCA 2009 — 2012
West Bengal University of Technology
Obtained the MCA degree with CGPA 8.25

B.Sc. in Computer Science 2006 — 2009
Calcutta University
Obtained the B.Sc. degree with 60.125%

Higher Secondary in Science 2004 — 2006
West Bengal Council of Higher Secondary Education
Obtained the H.S degree with 82.5%

Secondary 2003 — 2004
West Bengal Board of Secondary Education
Obtained the degree with 77.8%

Hobbies Painting, Computer Gaming.

Personal Details Gender:Male
Date of Birth: 8th February, 1989
Marital Status:Married
Nationality: Indian
Languages Known: English, Hindi, and Bengali

I hereby declare that the above-mentioned information is correct up to my knowledge and I bear the responsibility for the
correctness of the above mentioned particulars.

Sushovan Mukherjee

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/West_Bengal_Council_of_Higher_Secondary_Education
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/West_Bengal_Council_of_Higher_Secondary_Education

