















































NITHYA VENKATESH 
 

NITHYA VENKATESH 
 

 2/15A, Mandagapalayam, 

 Kumaramangalam (PO),  

 Tiruchengode (TK), 

 Namakkal (DT)  – 637205 (India) 

Mobile: +91 9590127568  

E-mail:nitiivf1995@gmail.com 

 
 

OBJECTIVE 
To join a progressive organization in which I can contribute with my skill and knowledge in 

order to enhance my own growths as well as achieving organization objectives. 

 

PERSONAL INFORMATION 
Father’s Name  : Venkatesh P 

Mother’s Name : Rajeshwari V 

Date of Birth  : 23rd Jul 1995 

Gender   : Female 

Nationality  : Indian 

Languages Known      : Tamil& English 

 

 
EDUCATION 
 

Vivekanandha College of Arts & Science for Women  

(Bachelor of computer Application- Apr 2015)     - 84.00% 

 

HIGHER SECONDARY LEVEL, 

Government Girls Higher Secondary School 

(Math’s & Computer Science - Mar 2012)                                       - 67.70% 

 

SECONDARY SCHOOL LEAVING CERTIFICATE, 

Government Girls Higher Secondary School 

(State Board) -Apr 2010)        - 80.40% 

 

Computer Skills:- 

 Familiar with MS Office (Word, Excel, Power Point, Outlook). 
 

Technical Skills:- 

 Programming in C. 

 Object oriented programming in C++ and Java. 

 HTML 

 Operating System Known: Windows XP/7/8/10. 
 

mailto:nitiivf1995@gmail.com


NITHYA VENKATESH 
 

WORK EXPERIENCE 
INFOSYS BPM LIMITED, Bangalore  

Full Time (From24thAugust2015 to till date) 

Position: Senior Process Executive 

Summary Of Activities: 

 Registering new losses into the claims application. 

 Follow up with Third parties/Brokers for the loss information. 

 Indexing the emails/attachments to the existing claims for different line of businesses 
such as Household property, Commercial property, Marine, PA Travel, Casualty and 

Management Liabilities. 

Roles and Responsibilities: 

 Daily, Weekly and Monthly Reports to Team on work management. 

 Allocation of work across the team members. 

 Handling escalations with modifications. 

 Work flow management and making sure TAT SLA is met. 

 To make sure high priority and escalation requests are being completed on time and 
tracking them on daily basis. 

 Knowledge transfer to the entire team on latest changes in process. 

 Preparing and circulating the performance dashboard to team members.  

 Training all new joiners in all the activities. 

 Managing the team effectively and helping them to achieve the SLA’s. 

Trainings with Infosys: 

 T100 certification in Insurance. 

 Presentation Skill. 

 Business Communication. 

 Milestone 2.0. 

 Design Thinking.  

Strengths: 

 Punctuality and hard work to achieve goals in life. 

 Good Analytical and decision-making ability. 

 Positive attitude, commitment towards work. 

 Efficient & responsive at understanding new technologies and methodologies. 

Key Achievements: 

 Achieving 100 percent quality and highest productivity. 

 Cross-trained the associates in the existing process. 

 Spot award. 

 Ramp award. 

All the above-furnished details are true to the best of my knowledge and belief. I will abide by 

the rules and regulations of the organization. 

 

Place: 

Date :                                                                                            Nithya Venkatesh 


