


















































                                           CURRICULUM VITAE

A. Sai Avinash                                                                            Contact: 8179682281
S/O A. Koteshwar Rao                                    Email: sai.avinash12345@hotmail.com
Plot no:92 flat no:-503,
Shiva Parvathi Towers , Jaya Nagar,
New Bowenpally,
Secunderabad - 500011

                                             




1
     	4
3


                                                                                          
Objective:	

To be associated with an organization that would provide a challenging work atmosphere and an opportunity to learn, grow and contribute to its growth to the best of my Academic knowledge, skills and interest.

Academic Qualification:
	Degree / Qualification
	Year of passing
	Grade (Percentage)

	Bachelor of Pharmacy (B.Pharmacy)
[Vision college of pharmaceutical sciences and research, Telangana.]
	 June
 2016
	       71%

	Intermediate 
[Board of Intermediate Education, A.P.]
	March 2012
	      82.8%

	SSC (10th)
[Board of Secondary Education, A.P.]

	March 2010
	      78.1%



Academic Skills:
· Subject recruitment and discussion of study procedures with subject and assisting in obtaining informed consent.
· Good in Analytical instruments Handling (GC, HPLC, and UV-Visible)
    Strengths:
· Excellent verbal and written communication skills honed over years.
· Proven track record of both attracting and maintaining in the health care sector .
· Excellent Team Work with supportive nature and dynamism.
· Highly committed, Innovative, Self-Motivated and confident.
Area of interest:
Clinical research,  Coding process and Industrial Development. 
Work  Experience:
                
· Had undergone project work on binding effect of polymers on disintegration time of diclofenac potassium SR tablets.
· Had worked as a customer dialog executive (APTV-Andhra Pradesh tele verification process in Magus customer dialog for the past three years (2013 – 2016)  .
· Currently working as a pharma benefit analyst in the United Health Group from July 2017 .

 Computer knowledge:
MS-OFFICE , MS – EXCEL 
· Internet skills 
· Computer Basics, typing skills 
Personal Profile:
 Name: A.sai avinash,
 Father’s Name: A.koteshwar Rao,
 Date of Birth:  26thApril, 1995,
 Nationality:  Indian,
 Languages Known: English, Telugu and Hindi,
 Hobbies: Reading, visiting new places.

 Permanent Address:
A Sai Avinash,
S/o A. Koteshwar Rao,
Plot No : 92 , Jaya Nagar,
New bowenpally,
Secunderabad - 500011,
Hyderabad  dist.,
Telangana  India. 
       
 I hereby declare that the above all statements made are true in the best of my   knowledge and   
Belief .               

A . Sai  Avinash.
2

