












































CURRICULUM   VITAE

	L. Surendra kumar
E-mail
surendra_kumar41@yahoo.com  
Mobile  

+91 9944352166

Present Address

No 1222,16th Central Cross Road, M K B Nagar,

Chennai- 600039,

Tamil Nadu,

INDIA.

Fathers Name 

D. Lakshmi Narayanan

Date of Birth

12. 07.1984

Sex

Male

Nationality

Indian

Marital Status

Single

Linguistic Proficiency

English, Tamil,Telugu

PAN card 

BWHPS9203D

Reference 1:
Mr.A.Shankaran

Team Leader,

Professional Management Consultant, Chennai,

Cell #: 9841726246

Reference 2:
V.Naveen kumar

Territory manager,

IIFL (IndiaInfoline) Ltd Chennai,

Cell #: 9840899960


	Objective

· A career  with challenging opportunities in reputed organization, to work for the organization and to grow with the organization and additionaly to create a landmark  in all my endeavors.
Personal Strengths 

· Ability to work smartly & hardly.

· Enhancing good interpersonal skills. 

· Ability to co-ordinate with colleague in a professional manner.
Work Experience 

· Over  8 years of  experience  with emphasis on stock handling, billing, customer relationship and various back office activities.

· Working as a FTE  in DELL PEROT SYSTEM From   FEB 2010 to Till Date
· Worked  as a Team Leader in SHERIN INFOTECH From JUNE 2008 to JAN 2010. 

· Worked as Process Associate in 5.2 years (GE Money)
     Professional Management Consultants (P) Ltd.

     From March 2003 to May 2008.

Education
· BA (Bachelor of Economics) from University of Madras (2002 – 2005). 

Certification

· Diploma in Computer Application (DCA) with  hands on   

      experience in softwares like MS-Excel , Omni Flow,

      Flex Cube, and Lifesys.

	
	


          Roles & Responsibilities.

Dell Perot System Chennai

Role 


:     Financial Transaction Department
Description   

:     My role as an FTE transaction team to enter the customer details 
                                            in Software LIFESYS. 

                   
Responsibilities

· Updating and Maintaining the Customer’s details in the company’s 

database using  the softwares such as LIFESYS.
· Handling the three  types of process in systems (Indexing, DE, Policy Issue)
· Handling the internal support mails from various other departments and providing the necessary support.
Sherin Infotech  Chennai  

Role


:     Team Leader
Description
:    My role as an Team Leader (Operations) is to enter  the 
Customer Details in the System and to manage a team of 20    members. 
        Responsibilities
 
· Handled a 20 member team.
· Receive the customer files and allocate the work to the team members accordingly.entering the corresponding details in the software and 

· Quality checking the work done by the team member.

· Also Updating and Maintaining the Customer’s details in the company’s  database using  the softwares such as  CAMEO
 Professional management Consultant (for GE Money),Chennai 
         

         
Role
   
:     Process Associate
Description
:     My role as an Process Associate is to handle the  various back office    

                                 activities in Personal loan department for our clients such as GE Money    

                                 & Fullerton India.
  Responsibilities :               

· Updating and Maintaining the Customer’s details in the company’s  database using  the softwares such as  Omni Flow(NewGen) and Flex Cube(Iflex) .

· Disbursing the Foreclosed and refund cheques for printing.

· Maintaining the records of Disbursed cheques in Excel.

· Receiving the customer files and entering the corresponding details in the OmniFlow.

· Quality checking & Authorizing the work done by the team members.

· Handling the mails from the customers and providing the necessary support.              
· Health checking the Post dated cheques issued by the customers.

· Fore closing the Post dated cheques issued by the customers.

· Sending the Covering letters for the New & Closed customers. 

· Maintaining the Customer’s details in the database using the software

4C.

 I certify that the entries made above by me are true to the extent of my 

           knowledge and belief.



         
Place:  Chennai       




                                                                                            


    Date :






                  











(L.Surendra Kumar)


