
































 

 

RESUME 
 

HaroonSharieff 
 

Email: thsharieff@gmail.com 

Mobile: +91-9986067167 

 

 

 Career Objective: 
 

To work in an Company which provides creative and competitive 

environment that helps me to improve my technical knowledge and benefits the 

company and serve society through my technical skills. 
 

 Strength: 

 
Ability to grab and willing to learn new concepts. Ability to organize and 

work in a Team and quickly adjustable to changing conditions. 

 

 Educational Qualifications: 
 

 Bachelor degree in Automobile Engineering in S.J.M.I.T in the year 2012-15 
 

 Diploma in Mechanical Engineering in GnanaVikas Polytechnic in the year 
2008-11 

 

 Work Experience: 
 

 At present working as Service Advisor In TATA Emm Emm Motors 
Bangalore 

 

 Worked as Floor In charge in FIX MY KARS Bangalore for 1year. 
 

 Worked as Supervisor for VOLVO Dump Trucks  Service& 
Maintenance in Svenska Technologies. Pvt. Ltd for 1 year & 3 months. 

 

 Worked as Service Advisor in TVS Ashok Leyland for 3 months. 
 

mailto:thsharieff@gmail.com


 

 

 Computer Proficiency:  
 

 Design software: CATIA V5, UG NX9 and Basic (Auto Cad, ProE,Ansys, 
CNC programming & Solid Edge). 

 Operating System: Windows 
 Package: MS-Office (MS Word, MS Excel, MS Internet Explorer, 

PowerPoint). 

 
 

 Project Work Carried Out:: 
 

 Experimental investigation on Areca Nut Fiber Reinforced Polymer 
Composite. 

 Pneumatic Drilling Machine. 
 

 

 Interpersonal Skills  
 

 Adaptability to any situation & commitment. 
 Learned discipline, teamwork, how to follow instructions and hard work. 

Ambitious, outgoing, reliable and have solid work ethic. 

 Determined & willing to put maximum effort to achieve goals. 
 Concerned with quality. Produce work that is orderly and attractive. Ensure 

tasks are completed correctly and on time. 

 Willing to try new things and interested in improving efficiency on assigned 
tasks. 

 

 Personal Profile 

 

 

 D.O.B 
 

 Father name                     
 

 Permanent Address 
 

 

 

 Phone No 
 

 Languages Known 

 

24-April-1990 

 

Mohammed HashamSharieff 

 

#1
st
  Main, 1

st
 Cross, Amaravathi, 

Harihar 577601Davanagere dist., 

Karnataka, India. 

 

 +91-9986067167 

 

English,Hindi, Kannada 

 
 



 

 

 Declaration   

 

I hereby declare that the above-mentioned information is correct up to my 

knowledge and I bear the responsibility for the correctness of the above-mentioned 

particulars. 

 

 

Place: Bengaluru 

 

Date:           

 

(HaroonSharieff) 
 


