












































NIDHEESH KUMAR P

Partha Sarathi Purushottam
Mobile +91-9731013636
 






      E-mail: partha.purushottam1992@gmail.com
Career Objective: 
Being a highly energetic individual and strive for the success of an Organization by gaining good knowledge in all J2EE aspects.
Professional Profile:

Java certified with more than 3 years experience of working as a Java cum UI developer in Ecommerce Platform like AT&T and Vodafone.
Academic Qualification

Bachelor of technology degree in Information Technology from National Institute of Science & Technology, Berhampur, Odisha.
Higher Secondary Education from Irodov College of Science, Bhubaneswar.

Matriculation from Govt. High School, Bhubaneswar
Technical Skills
Technologies 
· Core Java
· SQL Developer
· Agile Methodology

· HTML5, CSS3, jQuery, AJAX, JavaScript
Applications worked on:
· Weblogic
· Eclipse IDE
· Oracle Database 11g
Key Strengths
· Keen to learn New Technologies.
· Efficient in Communication. 
· Team Player
· Use coding techniques which avoids defects and ensures minimal rework
Professional Experience

Company – Infosys Limited Jan-12-2015- Till Date
Sep 2017 – Till date

Responsibilities:
-  Currently working as a Java cum UI developer in Southern California Edison Project.

-  Part of the service provider team.

-  Daily interaction with client.

-  Providing support in multiple application of the client 24*7.

-  Ability to work in all shifts.

-  Ability to read and interpret technical documents and requirements

-  Analytical and problem-solving abilities.
Feb 2016 – Aug 2017
Responsibilities:
-  Currently working as a Java cum UI developer in AT&T Premier Project.
-  Part of the development, implementation team.
-  Doing all the project activities in Agile Methodology.
-  Daily interaction with client.

-  Have profound knowledge in implementing complex customizations as per client requirements.
-  Ability to solve defects in the minimum possible time.

-  Ability to read and interpret technical documents and requirements
-  Analytical and problem-solving abilities.
June 2015 – Jan 2016
Responsibilities:
-  Worked as Java cum ATG developer in Vodafone eShop project.

-  Worked as Developer and done with minor enhancements.
-  Part of the development, implementation, and support team.

-  Have profound knowledge in implementing complex customizations as per client requirements.

-  Always be available as a resource for technical aspects.

Trainings
Company – Infosys Limited Jan-12-2015 – May-21-2015
Designation- System Engineer Trainee
Skills Learnt:
-  Trained in Java

-  Trained in SQL

-  Trained in HTML, Javascript

PERSONAL DETAILS

Nationality



: 
Indian

Date of Birth



:
12th April 1993
Gender




:
Male
Languages known


:
English, Hindi, Odiya.
Father’s Name



:
Mr. Satya Narayan Muduli
Communication Address

:
Plot No.4460/6942, Jharanasahi, badagada,






Bhubaneswar, Odisha- 751018
