












































RESUME


Akshay Ambani

 

     


Phone no.:  +91-9004878790
Pune, Maharashtra





Email: ambani.akshay5@gmail.com
	Career Objectives:


 To work in a challenging and growth oriented environment using potential skill and experience in the latest technology. Using cutting – edge technologies in web, multi-tier architectures, focusing on all applications and to work on challenging projects involving the complete process of analysis, design, development of object- oriented web based solutions.

	Skills:


	Operating System
	Windows 

	Web Technologies
	HTML4/HTML5, CSS2/CSS3,  jQuery

	JS Frameworks
	jQuery, Bootstrap, AngularJS

	Development Tools
	Adobe Photoshop CS6, Sublime Text, SQL Yog, SQL Workbench,  Notepad++

	Version Control Tool
	Tortoise SVN

	Methodology
	Agile (Scrum), Waterfall

	Tools
	JIRA,  SoapUI,  WinSCP, Beyond Compare

	Server
	Xampp, Apache Tomcat, Node.js


	Academic Qualification:


	Qualification
	Board/University
	Year
	Percentage

	PG-DAC
	C-DAC (VITA)
	2014-15
	57.63%

	B.E (I.T)
	Mumbai University
	2010-2014
	70.00%

	HSC
	CBSE
	2010
	64.80 %

	SSC
	Chhattisgarh State Board
	2008
	80.50%


	Work Experience :    March 2015 – Present (2.8 years)


	Sr. No.
	Company Name
	Duration
	Location
	Designation

	1
	Cognizant Technology Solutions India Pvt. Ltd.
	March 2015 - Present
	Pune(Current),

Chennai
	    Programmer Analyst


	Project Experience :


	
	
	Project  Assignment 1
Account:  Life Sciences (Novartis Parma)
Environment:  HTML5, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery, Bootstrap, AngularJS, DataTables.
Role :  UI Developer 
Team Size :  18

Project Duration : 6 months 
Description: This application deals with configuration of lenses for a pharmaceutical company where they configure formulas and table with different processes like molding, finishing and save them as a report. Based on dynamic configurations, different types of reports are being generated in visually appealing forms such as bell curve, line graph, box plot, tabular representations. These reports are being saved and used for analysis purpose.
Roles and Responsibilities:
· Developing the application under AngularJS 1.5 framework using Data tables and D3.js library for graphs.
· Integration of UI with backend SAP MII server.
Developing functionalities in AngularJS using REST services, jQuery Data Tables, custom directives, localization and creating common reusable services and components.
Project  Assignment 2
Account:  Insurance - Voya Financials
Environment:  HTML5, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery, Bootstrap, AngularJS, RESTful Services.
Role :  UI Developer 
Team Size :  12
Project Duration : 8 months 
Description: This is a new BPM application where request will be received from a particular customer which will be having almost 85 different processes like Address change, beneficiary change and so on. This request will be taken as cases and assigned to a Customer Service Representative (CSR) who will process the request. Application will also allow CSR to view requests assigned to other CSRs in a different view page. We have a feature of creating a new case in this application which can be used by contact center team who will be taking requests over call from the client. CSR can add notes, reindex to another queue, reassign the case if it needs to be handled by different team.

Roles and Responsibilites:
· Understanding the business requirement and creating the application from scratch.

· Visualizing and creating UI view pages and html structure of the application as per the flow and interaction between views.

· Developing functionalities in AngularJS using REST services, UiGrid for the                        entire application creating common reusable services and components.
Project  Assignment 3
Account:  IME(Information Media Entertainment) – Cengage Learning

Environment:  HTML5, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery, Bootstrap.
Role :  UI Developer 

Team Size : 12 
Project Duration : 3.5 months 
Description: Cengage Learning is an eCommerce website which is a platform to order books online and get it on a rental basis (weekly, monthly). This portal is being used by Schools and Universities of various countries including US and UK.
Roles and Responsibilites:
· Responsible for handling all UI related new features and fixing scripting issues being a single resource to handle the application.
Project  Assignment 4
Account:  IME(Information Media Entertainment) – Smarthinking Services

Environment:  HTML, CSS, JavaScript, PHP, Bootstrap.
Role :  UI Developer 
Team Size : 36 
Project Duration : 11 months 
Description: Smarthinking Services is an online portal for providing tutoring services to different Universities of US. Here student of various Universities can use this portal for getting tutoring services like submitting Essays, Paragraphs, Exams and get it reviewed by tutors of that subject domain for which they submit. Also service like one to one interaction with tutor online is available.

Roles and Responsibilites:
· Primary role was to enhance the existing features and redesign of entire UI to make it responsive through Bootstrap.
· I was also involved in client interaction for getting the functional requirements, clarification on those functional requirements and providing those details to individuals in team.

· As the project was on Agile methodology, so had to complete the task and deliver on estimated time as deliverables were released on every biweekly basis.
Project Assignment 5
Title:  Join CI (Training Project)
Environment:  HTML, CSS, Angular JS, JSON, Ajax
Role :  UI Developer and scripting 
Team Size : 5
Project Duration : 1.5 months 
Description : JOIN CI is an application where employees of Cognizant working in front end technologies will register themselves and store a database for all employees. Human Resource team access this system to get the resources details and filter them based on technologies they require.
Roles and Responsibilities:

· Involved in Designing the screens.
· Involved in logic building and adding functionalities in controllers.


	Personal Profile:


Father’s Name 

: 
Tarun Kumar Ambani

Date of Birth

:
18th September1992
Nationality 

: 
Indian

Languages Known
:
English, Hindi, Gujarati and Marathi
Hobbies


:
Table Tennis, Photography, Swimming
	Declaration:


I hereby, declare that the information furnished above is correct to the best of my knowledge & belief.
  
  Authentically,










  Akshay Ambani
