


































Address for
Correspondenc
e: 

No-2/114, 
North street,
K.M.Kottai Post,
Kamuthi Taluk,
Ramnad Dist,,
Tamil Nadu,
India,
PIN: 623603.

Phone No:         
+ 91 
8489137596

Marital Status:

Single

Gender :Male

Languages 
Known:

English, Tamil 

 SUBASH P   
                                                                                                            
subashpstalin@gmail.com                                              + 91 8489137596

Career Goal                                                                                                                                

To obtain the profile of a Java Developer where knowledge and abilities will enhance the growth and development of the organization.

Experience Summary                                                                                                                                

 9 months of experience in technical product support with minor bug fixings.

 Have around 2 yearsof extensive experience in Java &J2EE technologies.

 Actively involved in analysis, coding and testing of applications.

Academia                                                                                                                                 

B.Tech- (Information Technology), K.L.N College of Engineering, Pottapalayam, Madurai, (2015) –

Diplomo –(Information Technology) Sree Sowdambika polytechnic college, Aruppukottai, Virudhunagar(2011) 

SSLC –St.John’s High School, K.M.Kottai, Kamuhti (2007) – 76 %.

Professional Experience

       Software Developer from May 2016 – Aug 6 2018
       SolvEdge Technology Services Private Limited, (www.solvedge.com)

Technical Skills:

 Java Technologies - Core Java, JDBC, JSP, Servlet

 Database - SQL server Management Studio

 Application Server - Apache Tomcat

 IDE - Eclipse

 Additional Skills - HTML. 

Competencies:

 Strong knowledge in Collections Frameworks.

 Strong domain knowledge in the projects Business Logic.

Key Responsibilities:

 Defining objectives by analyzing client requirements envisioning system features and functionality.

 Write and maintain codes using technical specifications to update existing application and/or to develop new application.

 On time issue fixing required from the client side.

 Apply analytical, technical and programmatic skills to resolve application related issues.

 Develop applications according to Company’s Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) methodology.

 Review codes to identify any basic errors.

 Prepare test cases and strategies for unit testing and integration testing.

 Provide technical and functional support to testing teams.

http://www.solvedge.com/


Project Name:          Rockford Mutual Insurance Company

Deployed To :           Obrien

Role               :          Software Developer and Maintenance

Languages    :          Core Java,itext

RDBMS         :         SQLServer
Description:

The Rockford Mutual Insurance company based on US Clients, they have to posted multiple inputs based on client requirements , the input
comes on Pdf format and searches some String an every Pdf  , the content should meet it will goes to appropriate Pdf ,the Page top left-corner
generate 2-D Barcode for every Odd page through-out the customer, finally the Page Split-up for every 1000 pages.

Responsibilities:
 Responsible for separating files according to policy number , like  State based for example if a customer will belongs to Arizona the 

policy should be AZ(starts with).
 Pushing the every customer Policy number , name  will be stored in Mysql-query browser.
 Grouping the output Pdf it based on their how many pages should contain the customer , finally it will  allocate  the separate Path.
 According to the client request , Done various changes in code.

Other Projects :
#: Morris HealthCare Center of Morris

Skills Used: Core Java, JDBC,

Description: Text based input extraction from customer data, Generate USPS Barcode, getting customer Pin code ,and sorting the data using 
MyBulkMailerBusiness ,finally PDF creation will be
Used by Acrobat Distiller.

Place : Chennai                                                                         Sincerely,
Date :                                                                                       SUBASH P         

                                                                                                           


