
















































PARTHA SAHA

Senior Software Engineer
Email: sahapartha13@gmail.com                                                                   Phone: +91-9740628350
                                                                                                          +91-8981424708
Objective	
Seeking a challenging position that allows me to perfect my skills in the field of IT.I want to work with a progressive organization where I can utilize my knowledge and skills for the mutual benefit of the company and me.

Summary
· 5+ years of extensive hands on experience of object oriented analysis and development.
· Expert knowledge of  Core JAVA , Spring, Hibernate, Servlets, JSP, Web Services
· An experienced team player with excellent communication and interpersonal skills who has the ability to work independently under pressure.
· Self-motivated and goal-oriented professional committed to pursuing a long-term career in the industry.
· Ability to learn new concepts and to adapt to new environments

Work Experience
Currently working with Accenture Services PVT LTD, Bangalore as a Senior Software Engineer from Nov 2014.

Previously worked with G.IDS Information Systems Private Limited, Kolkata from June 2012 till Nov 2014.

Technical Skills
	Languages/Web Development
	Java, HTML, XML, SQL,JSON

	Frameworks
	Struts, Spring, Hibernate

	Technology known
	Core java, J2EE and Web Service

	Databases
	Oracle, Derby

	Tools
	Eclipse, IntelliJ IDEA



Accenture:
Project Details
Project:  gRbates
Client:  Pfizer
Duration:  Aug 2016 – Till Date
Environment: Eclipse, Oracle, Jdk1.8, JAVA, spring, Hibernate, Maven, json

Project Overview: gRebates is a Pfizer in-house custom application, used by the Greenstone Rebate Managers to calculate the rebate amounts for the Greenstone transactions. gRebates is also used by the Rebates managers to review and approve the calculated rebates, and once approved payments can be made via Checks or Credit memos.
Roles and Responsibilities:
· Analyzing the requirements received from client.
· Making estimation of delivery.
· Preparing design documents.
· Determining the functional and technical impact of requirements.
· Preparing Unit Test Cases with respect to the requirements.
· Analyzing and implementing the code.
· Performing peer review.
· Supporting client in production issues.

Project Details
Project:  Price &Reimbursement Network(PRAXIS)
Client:  Pfizer
Duration:  Jan 2014 – Aug 2016
Environment: Eclipse, Oracle/Derby, XML, Jdk1.6, JAVA, Struts, EJB, HPSC.

Project Overview: Praxis is a primary tool for collecting, maintaining, sharing Pricing and Reimbursement (P&R) information for Pfizer’s global markets. 

Roles and Responsibilities:

· Gather requirements and provide efficient designs.
· Tracking and working on tickets at HPSC.
· Maintenance of the application.
· Automate some of the processes in the project.
· Design, Code, UnitTest and handle production release.
· Working on bug fixes and enhancement.

Other projects: USP Contracts Portal provides a mechanism for Pfizer’s contracts groups to upload shareable reports/documents and maintain them. It also provides the ability of the data to be depicted in the form of charts, graphs and tables and portal also allows the groups to mode a new contact.

GIDS:

Project Details
Project:  Client Usage Tracking
Client:  AT&T
Duration:  March 2014 – Nov 2014
Environment: IntelliJ IDEA/Eclipse, Oracle/Derby, XML, Jdk1.6, JAVA.

Project Overview: The purpose of the project is to track all the usage details of AT&T. Currently we track usage of our products data sources and show them in charts in daily/monthly basis.

Roles and Responsibilities:

· Gather requirements and provide efficient designs.
· Design and develop the mappings using different sources like XML, Mappings etc. 
· Automate some of the processes in the project using sync/monitoring job.
· Design, Code, UnitTestand handle production release.
· Ensure high efficiency by providing better deliverable to the client


Project:  Data Analytics Scanner (Facebook & Twitter)
Client:  Walmart
Duration:  June 2013 – Jan 2014
Environment: IntelliJ IDEA/Eclipse, Oracle/Derby, XML, Jdk1.6, JAVA.
Project Overview: The purpose of the project is to scan public data (Big data) from social networking sites like Facebook(Pages) and twitter(hashtag). Usage of lucene index for efficient.

Roles and Responsibilities:

· Gather requirements and provide efficient designs.
· Design and develop the mappings using different sources like XML, JSONetc. 
· Design and develop multilevel hierarchy for scanned data.
· Automate some of the processes in the project.
· Design, Code, UnitTestand handle production release.


Project:  Elastic Implementation on Cloud
Client:  AT&T
Duration:  Jan 2013 – June 2013
Environment: IntelliJ IDEA/Eclipse, Oracle/Derby, XML, Jdk1.6, JAVA.

Project Overview: The purpose of the project is to enable scaling up and scaling down on EC2 environment based on increasing or decreasing the number of habitats based on workload.

Other Projects: R&D on database query time out, Cognos Cube Scanner and several development/ design related works for our Global Ids Product suite before Dec 2013.
	
	



Academic Qualification
	Degree and Date
	Institute
	Major and Specialization
	Percentage / DGPA


	Bachelor of Technology – 2012
	Iercem Institute Of Information Technology
	Computer Science & Engineering
	8.71


	W.B.C.H.S.E (Standard XII) - 2008
	Barasat Mahatma Gandhi Memorial High school
	Science
	79.83%

	W.B.B.S.E (Standard X) - 2006
	Barasat Mahatma Gandhi Memorial High school
	General
	86%



Personal Details
Date of birth: 15th December, 1989
Gender: Male
Marital Status: Single
Nationality: Indian
Pan Card No: DMQPS2875N
Passport No: M4139250

Declaration
I, hereby, solemnly declare that all the information made above are true and correct to the best of my knowledge and belief.
Date:                                                                                                Signature                               
Place: Kolkata…………………………..                        
