












































CURRICULAM VITAE

Name:  Mr. Durgesh Shah
E-mail:-ds.shah18@gmail.com



        Mobile No: 9096297770


                   

Objective:

Seeking position where i can utilize my skills and abilities in the Industry that offers professional growth.
Professional Experience:
Total 4 years of Experience 

3 Year experience Web development, web application, Responsive design as a UI Developer
Technologies:- HTML5,CSS3,JS,Jquery,AngularJS,CMS
Organization Name: TechMahindra  (Nov 2016 – Current


Role   

: Associate Team lead(UI Developer)

Technologies          : Angular JS  

Responsibilities
:
· As a part of Team working on UI(User story)

· Have to develop new functionality as per business need.

· Working on defect management as well.

· Working on agile methodology.

· Apart from development as a part of team have to take care distribution of work to team (UI team).
· Provide solution to team in major area.

· Refactoring and reviewing the code.

Organization Name: Randstand  (April 2016 – Nov2016). Client (Eaton Technologies)

Role   

: UI Developer and eCommerce admin       

Technologies          : HTML5, CSS3, JS, Jquery, Media Queries
, angularJs
  

Responsibilities
:
· Have to handle any UI related issue on site. And provide solution.

· Designing web pages using the technologies specifically HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery.
· Refactor the complex code.
· Respond to end user tickets related to user and data setups, including assigning SoldTos and permissions to end users, or other user setup/configuration steps

· Load data into BCC for new and existing businesses related to products, categories, catalogs, customer soldTos, etc

· Load and maintain image files and written content within enterprise CMS and BCC

· BCC account setups for internal users

· Endeca account setups for internal users

· Setup / maintenance of test accounts / data in dev/qa

· Create and publish projects within BCC
Organization Name: eClerx Services Ltd, Pune. (Jun 2014 – April 2016).

Project    

: Working as a Analyst (Web developer)       

                                  Which includes effective use of HTML5, CSS3, JS and Jquery.
Deployment Target: Multiple devices including desktop, tablets and mobiles.
Technologies          : HTML5, CSS3, JS, Jquery, Media Queries, Adobe CQ5, Oracle ATG, 


  Vignette, Dreamweaver, Bootstrap.
Responsibilities
:
· Providing best possible solution to the team so that consistent   user experience across the platforms and the browsers can be maintained.
· Coordinating with the team on their issues with the development of the pages.

· Developing the architecture and templates of client website & mobile site

· Designing web pages using the technologies specifically HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery.

· Experience on JIRA Tool for bug tracking, issue tracking and project management

· Responsible for client communication and actively participated in business meeting with client.

· Customer Analytics: Combining the single view of the customer with multichannel analytics, including web, social, mobile, contact center and content consumption.
Organization Name: Wipro BPO (May 2013 – Dec 2013).


Role   

: Associate        

Responsibilities
: 
· Answered client query regarding broadband order in BT-W (British Telecom) 
through Voice, e-Chat.

· Checked the status of orders and make sure that order get process as per time.

· Raised the bridge case regarding order, if order is not progressing, and start the progression of order

	Educational Qualification:

	Degree
	College
	University/Board
	Passing    Year
	Percentage

	B.C.A.
	Guajarati Professional Institute

	DAVV
	2012
	    58%

	H.S.C.


	Garima Vidya Vihar HS School


	MP Board
	2008
	    58%

	S.S.C.

	Garima Vidya Vihar HS School


	MP Board
	2005
	     68%


Technical Skills:
Web Technologies 


:
 HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, Jquery, 







 Angular JS, Bootstrap.
CMS




:
Adobe CQ5, Oracle ATG, Vignette, Wordpress
Personal Information: 
Name



:
Mr. Durgesh Shah
Date of Birth


:
10th Jan 1991
Gender


:
Male

Marital Status


:
Unmarried

Languages Known

:
English, Hindi
Hobbies


:
Reading, Travelling, Photography
Address


:
17/2 Shiv colony dange chok, Pune
Declaration:
                                                                                                                                       

I hereby declare that the above-mentioned information is correct up to my knowledge and I bear the responsibility for the correctness of the above-mentioned particulars.
Place: 
Date:
                                                                                               Durgesh Shah
