















































Moumita Ghatak(CMA) 
 

                                                               Email: cma_moumitaghatak@rediffmail.com 

                                                              Mobile: +919007141344 

                                                             Date of birth: 24/11/1990 

                                                            Address: Jealgora No:7,  

                                                                                    Behind Rajwar Mansion 

                                                                                   Dhanbad, Jharkhand- 828110

 
 

 

 

 

 

Professional & Educational Qualification 

 

Professional Qualification: 

 
Examination Year Institution Marks in % Remarks 

ICAI (Cost) FINAL June-13 ICAI (COST) 51% First Attempt 

ICAI (Cost) INTER June-12 ICAI (COST) 52% First Attempt 

CA INTER NOV- 11 ICAI 53% First Attempt 

 

 

Educational Qualification: 

 
Examination Year Board/University Marks in % 

B.Com. (Hons.) 2011 

 

Calcutta University 58% 

 12th 2008 

 

CBSE 85% 

10th 2006 ICSE 70% 

 

 

Work Experience: 

 

Rodic Consultants Pvt. Ltd.(March 2017 to Current) 

 

Location: Patna 

 

Profile: Financial Management and Analysis of work under IPDS Project. 
 

 All accounting matters of Project. 

A qualified CMA 4 years of experience in process improvements, management accounting, financial 

planning. Having gained working knowledge of both SAP and Tally.  



 TDS Deduction from Parties. 

 Reconciliations, Verification, Vouching. 

 Proper Documentation and their Maintenance. 

 MIS Reporting’s 

 Handling bills of contractors. 

 Handling bank transactions. 

 Managing cash flows. 

 Payment to contractors. 

 Evaluation of investment phase by phase. 

 Drafting agreement 

 Supervising the work of junior staffs 

 Reporting ad hoc queries of management. 

 Checking the effect of GST over the project cost. 

 Guiding and Supporting client as well as contractor for smooth functioning. 
 

 

 

 

Genpact India 

 

Location: Kolkata 

 

Profile: Financial Analyst 

 

 Reconciliation, Analysis and Recording of various Cash and Bank Transactions. 

 Fixed Assets Reconciliations/Changes/ Additions / Disposals / Depreciations Simulation. 

 Recording Journal Entries and Monthly/ Quarterly Closing Activities. 

 Effectively handling client calls and internal and external Audit Queries. 

 Monthly, Quarterly, and Year end reporting. 

 Variance Analysis. 

 Review of Journal Entries 
 

 

 

SRR & Associates, 

 

Location: Dhanbad  

 

Profile: Articled Assistant 

 
 Vouching, Verification of Statutory Compliances & Engaged in finalization of Books of Accounts. 

 Verification of General Ledger Balances. 

 Computation of Income and Return Filing for Individuals 
 Stock Audit, Bank Audit 



 

 

 

 

 

Accounting Software / IT Skills: 
 

 Successfully Completed 100hrs Computer Training Course from ICAI (COST). 

 Knowledge of MS OFFICE applications like WORD, EXCEL PowerPoint, Access, and accounting 

packages like TALLY, SAP (FICO) 

 

 

Personal Details: 

 
Date of Birth  :24th Nov,1990  

Parent Name  : Mr. Biswajit Ghatak 

Nationality  : Indian 

Languages Known : English,Hindi, and Bengali. 

Gender               : Female 

Marital Status  : Unmarried 

Residential Address       : Jealgora No 7, Behind Rajwar Mansion, Jharkhand, Dhanbad 828110 

 

 

 

 

I hereby declare that the above information is true to the best of my knowledge. 

 

 

Thanks and Regards, 

 

Moumita Ghatak 

 
 

 

 


