










































 
 

Page 1 of 2 
 

Swanand Digambar Patil 
 

Contact: +91 9689449505(M) Email: swanandpatil051@gmail.com 
 

  
To obtain a position that will enable me to use my strong organizational skills, educational 

background and technical experience and to grow as an individual 
 

 

  

SNAPSHOT 
 

 Total experience of 2.6 years in Java Development and related technologies. 

 Currently working with Capgemini India. Ltd. as Senior Software Engineer.  

 Working on project of Acquirer Simulator (hydra Analyzer) as a Java Developer. 

 Have good knowledge of Core Java, J2EE, spring (IOC), JavaScript, SQL, and UNIX OS. 

 Expertise in analyzing client needs and implementation and troubleshooting of complex problems. 

 Looking for a challenging role where I can effectively contribute my skills and abilities while being 
resourceful, innovative and flexible. 

 Currently working on Agile Methodology.  

 Completed Java programmer SE-7 OCA certification. 

 

 KNOWLEDGE PREVIEW 

 
Database MySQL,Oracle 

Programming Languages Core Java, J2EE, JavaScript,  

Frameworks Spring (MVC, IOC), Hibernate. 

Operating Systems Windows XP/7/8, Unix Linux. 
 

 

      

PROJECTS HANDLED 

 

Role:  Java Developer (Senior Software Engineer)                                 June 2016 – 
Present 

Capgemini India Pvt Ltd, Pune, India 
 

Project Acquirer Simulator(Hydra Analyzer) 

Client Discover Financial services 

Period June 2016 to present 

 
Project Description:   

This product is used to validate different transaction based on card type. When card is used for any 
kind of transaction from POS machine, ATM machine, or any another way ASIM is used to validate 
those transactions on the basis of Card number, CVV, Chip card data. After validation it is 
responsible for either to approve or disapprove the transactions. 

 
Key Responsibilities:  

o Working with team of 6 members. 
o As a team member of project I am responsible for taking requirement from onsite 

representative, analysing those requirements at my level, discussing my approach with 
manager to implement requirement in the current system. 

o Working on new feature development as well as fixing of issues reported by client. 

mailto:swanandpatil051@gmail.com


 
 

Page 2 of 2 
 

Role:  Java Developer (Software Engineer)                                      June 2015 –April 2016 
Capgemini India Pvt Ltd, Hyderabad, India 

 
Project FileHub. 
Client  TIAA(Teachers Insurance Annuity Association) 
Period June 2015 to April 2016 

 
 
Project Description: 
FileHub is file processing platform for faster file processing capability.TIAA has many institutions enrolled for 
the retirement benefits. Each institution is sending their files in various formats. The FileHub Project is 
solution for the way files are received and processed at TIAA. Project mainly focuses on boarding the new 
clients faster, process files for remittance and census updates validation of data and performs data 

enrichment for each institutes specific files.  
 
Key Responsibilities:  

o As a team member of FileHub project was responsible for taking requirement from onsite 
representative, analysing those requirements at my level, discussing my approach with team 
lead/manager to implement requirement in the current system. 

o To own features requested by TIAA. This includes Enhancement and Development of the new 
feature. 

o In this project I consistently worked in new feature development team.  
o Involved in deploying the application on staging and production. 

 

 

ACADEMIC CREDENTIALS 

 

Sr. No. Exam Passed Percentage School / College Board / University 

01 
BSC(Computer 
Science) 

76.40% Sangola College Sangola, Dist-
Solapur. 

Solapur university, 
Maharashtra 

02 H.S.C 67% 
English school Jr.College 
Mangalwedha, Dist-Solapur.  

Maharashtra Board 

03 S.S.C. 72.41% 
English school Mangalwedha, 
Dist-Solapur. 

Maharashtra Board 

 
 

PERSONAL DETAILS 

 
Date of Birth 13 Sept 1992 

Sex Male 

Nationality Indian 

Marital Status Single 

Religion Hindu 

Languages Known English, Hindi, Marathi 

Contact Address    Near Amruta Mai math, Nigdi, Yamuna Nagar.  

Permanent Address At post  Mangalwedha, Dist -Solapur  Pin- 413305 

                                               

 

 

 

 

          Swanand Patil 


