





































Divya Kintali kintalidivya76@gmail.com +91-8015009052 
 

 

 

 

 EXPERIENCE SUMMARY   
 

 4.3 years of experience in Information Technology in Insurance Domain in System 
Analysis, designing, developing and Unit testing using .Net, C#, Patch Management, 

Change Management, Incident Management, Remedy on demand tool, Problem 

Management, Windows OS Installation, System Upgrade, 

 Having hands on experience in Visual Studio 2008 and on Desktop Based Application 
using C#, SQL Server. 

 An enthusiastic and project oriented team player with solid communication and 
leadership skills and the ability to develop creative solutions for challenging client needs 

 Holds CCP certification in General Insurance and Omega.Net. 
 

 

 PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE   

 

Duration Organization Designation 

Jan 2014 - Till date Cognizant Technology Solutions India Pvt. Ltd. Associate 

 
 

 TECHNICAL SKILL SET   

 

Languages: C#, C ,SQL 
Technology: .NET 
Database: SQL Server 
Operating Systems: Windows XP//7/8 
IDE /Tools Microsoft Visual Studio 2008 
Packages: MS Office 

 
 

 EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATION   

 

Qualification Year School/Institute Board/University %age 

B. Tech 2013 
Gayatri Vidya Parishad College 

of Engg. (Autonomous). 
J.N.T.U 76.69 

12th 2009 Narayana Junior College. 
Board of Intermediate 

(B.I.E) 
96.62 

10th 2007 Bhashyam Public School. SSC 90.00 

mailto:kintalidivya76@gmail.com


Divya Kintali kintalidivya76@gmail.com +91-8015009052 
 

 

 

 

 PROJECT EXPERIENCE 1   

 

Industry EMS 

Project DVCS (Digital Vision Control System) 

Client Novartis 

Technical Skills SQL 

Role Application SME 

Team Size 1 

Period May 2016 to till date 

Project Description 
 

Novartis AG is a pharmaceutical company which provides healthcare solutions. The Company is engaged 

in the research, development, manufacturing and marketing of a range of healthcare products led by 

pharmaceuticals. 

The Digital Vision Control System (DVCS) is one of the applications that supports Novartis Functions. 

DVCS is an artwork and printed packaging material verification system which is used to detect, identify 

and reduce artwork design errors. 

DVCS contains 3 Applications: 

TVT- Text Verification Tool – (Vendor – Schlafender Hase) 

Proofiler Content – Content Verification Tool (Vendor – EyeC) 

Proofiler 400 – Print Verification Tool – (Vendor – EyeC) 

DVCS Proofiler applications have been implemented across all PharmOps sites, Artwork Operations and 

DRA to detect and identify artwork related errors. It aims to impede artwork content related recalls. It’s 

primary objective is to increase the detectability of artwork content related mistakes and therefore the 

reduce the risk of recalls and unnecessary. It compares the difference between digital documents with 

either the finished printed packaging material or related artwork document (s), which ultimately leads to 

improvement of the artwork file quality. 

Role and Responsibilities 

 I am a single resource currently working as subject matter expert in DVCS Application 

 Install Microsoft security and non-security patches on windows operating system to resolve 

vulnerabilities in test and production environment every month. Having experience on upgrading 

the application. 

 Work directly with Vendor during Application upgrade projects. 

 Execution of application changes on all 3 applications based on the request from the Business. 

Understanding Application requirements from Business Analysts and Work on the application 

changes starting from requirement gathering till moving the changes to production. 

 Involved in Fixing defects and Unit Testing. 

 Creation and execution of Installation Qualification (IQ), Operational Qualification (OQ) 

documents during installation of Patches, application changes, Scanner replacements, TVT 

License server upgrade. 

 Directly communicate with client and Business to collect requirements and to support in 

resolving their issues. 

mailto:kintalidivya76@gmail.com


Divya Kintali kintalidivya76@gmail.com +91-8015009052 
 

 

 

 Handling the support incidents and provide the resolution with in SLA. 

 Change Management, Incident Management and Problem Management and providing root cause 

for the Occurrence of errors and fixing them. 
 

 PROJECT EXPERIENCE 2   

 

Industry Insurance 

Project NUALP (National Underwriting Account Level Profitability) 

Client Liberty Mutual Insurance 

Technology Visual studio 2008, C#, IBM DB2, Crystal Report 

Role Team Member 

Team Size 15 

Period May 2014 to May 2016 

Project Description 
 

The National Underwriting Account Level Profitability (NUALP) application functions as the primary 

pricing tool for the National Accounts Underwriting unit. It is intended to provide underwriters with 

consistent and credible costing, pricing, and profitability measurements at the account level. 

 

NUALP has functionality to support pricing of renewal and prospect business as well as evaluating the 

operational metrics of each account. Types of Users are Claim Department, Underwriter Managers, and 

Underwriter Assistants. The main components of the system are listed below. 

 

In General Area – Lines of Business, Effective dates, information about exposures, limits deductibles are 

available here. costing – May take input from rating system and let us know the target costs. Overhead, 

claims, loss control, primary loss, forecasting are aggregated. Pricing – Internal view of what target costs 

are. 

 

Role and Responsibilities 

 Handling the support incidents and provide the resolution with in SLA. 

 Providing enhancements to current system. 

 Directly communicate with client to collect requirements. 

 Understanding Application requirements from Business Analysts and Work on the application 

changes starting from requirement gathering till moving the changes to production. 

 Involved in Fixing defects and Unit Testing. 

 Providing Root cause for the Occurrence of Exceptions Errors and fixing them. 

 Monitoring the mailbox in order to prepare the exception metrics by collecting application errors 

and sharing the metrics to the client in a daily basis. 

 Preparing Estimation document, Test case document, Analysis and Code snippet document for 

the enhancements. 

mailto:kintalidivya76@gmail.com


Divya Kintali kintalidivya76@gmail.com +91-8015009052 
 

 

 

 EXTRA CURRICULAR ACTIVITIES AND ACHIEVEMENTS   

 

 Awarded “Gold Medal” for the Best Student Project in B.Tech. 

 State 7th topper in Intermediate 1st year (IPE) 

 Central Merit Scholarship of Rs.40000/- for excellence in Intermediate (IPE). 

 Awarded Scholarship of “ONE LAKH” rupees by Fair and Lovely Foundation Empowering 

women on the basis of merit. 

 Received 2nd prize by “M.L.A”  in Mandal Level Singing Competition organized by A.B.V.P 

 Awarded as “Best Debutant of Liberty –Female” in Liberty Synergy Awards in Liberty Mutual 

Insurance, Cognizant. 

 Awarded as “Star Rookie of the Month” in Liberty Mutual Account Monthly Awards in Liberty 

Mutual Insurance, Cognizant 

 Stood up as Runner in Group singing in Cliff Events Celebrated by Liberty Mutual Insurance, 

Cognizant. 

 

 

 

 

 PERSONAL DETAILS   

 

Date of Birth: 26th August,1991 

Father’s Name Kintali Rama Krishna 

Mother’s Name Kintali Ammaji 

Present Address Sitarama nilayam Apartments,P.Janardhan hills, 

Teleocomnagar,Gachibowli,Hyderabad,500032 

Permanent Address Dr no :20-82/6,Adharsh 

nagar,kothapalem,Gopalapatnam,Visakhapatnam,530027 

Marital Status Single 

Linguistic Abilities: English, Hindi, Telugu, Tamil 

Alternate Contacts +91 8500272327/divya_kintali@yahoo.com 

 

 
 

DECLARATION 

I hereby declare that all details furnished above are true according to the best of my knowledge. 

Place: HyderabadIndia 

Date: (Divya Kintali) 

mailto:kintalidivya76@gmail.com
mailto:8500272327/divya_kintali@yahoo.com

