
















































Kesav Ammisetti

	           			 Email Id	: a.chennakesav@gmail.com

                                                                                                       Phone No           : 9966588675.

Objective:

To work with an organization that gives scope to apply knowledge, skills, and be a part of a team, that works hard towards the growth of the organization and my career.

Professional Summary:

· Having 3  years of experience in Java/J2EE software development.

· Experience in Developing SOAP & REST Services in java.

· Experience in Spring MVC and Hibernate.

· Experience on Java, JDBC, Servlets and JSP.

· Experience in XML and XPATH.

· Knowledge On JQuery and JavaScript.

· Experience on MYSQL and Oracle.

· Experience to handle the delivery deadlines and project pressure.

Work Experience:

· Currently working as Software Engineer for TechnoLabs Software Solutions Pvt Ltd, Hyderabad from October 2015 to till date.

· Worked as a java developer (for 10 months ) in Cognos It Solutions Limited from October 2014 to September 2015.
Academic Qualification :


· Completed B.TECH (Electronics and communication Engineering) from Nova college of Engineering with 73.15% , May 2014.

· Completed Intermediate (M.P.C) from Board of Intermediate Andhra Pradesh, with 89.2% , May 2010.

· Completed SSC from State Board Of Secondary Education, with 70.53%, May 2008.

Technical Skills:

	IDE’s & Tools
	: Java, C.
	

	Programming Languages
	
	

	
	: Eclipse, SOAP UI, Heidi Sql.
	

	Frameworks
	: Spring , Web Services and Hibernate.
	

	Application Server
	: Tomcat.
	

	Web Technologies
	: Java Script, Bootstrap, jQuery, XML, XPATH, 
	

	
	
	

	Databases
	: MySql, Oracle.
	

	OS exposure
	: All flavors of Windows
	



Personal Strengths:

· Work flexibly with team.

· Ability to plan and execute the given job with perfection.

· Smart working and Quick Learning.

Achievements:

	Participated in a national level workshop on "VLSI design" at Gudlavalleru college of engineering & technology.

· Participated  in a national level project presentation on "Heat sensor with fan cooling" at nova college.

· Participated work shop on " I robot " at nova college of engineering and technology,ibm.

· Got merit certificate in national level project presentation on "Solor bag" at vasavi college of engineering & technology.

Professional Experience and Projects:

Project #1

	Title
	:
	Omni Retailer

	Client
	:
	TechnoLabs

	Team Size
	:
	5

	Duration
	:
	Jan - 2015 to till date

	Role
	:
	Software Engineer

	Environments
	:
	Java, JAX WS, JAX RS, Tomcat, MySQL, Eclipse, Hiedi Sql,JQuery.



Description:

TechnoLabs developed mobile based barcode technology for an Indian client called Blumarq. Omni Retailer provides cloud based end-to-end retail solution to retail stores. The key differentiator is that Mobile can be used to perform all client side functionalities. No other hardware like barcode scanners, card payment, etc is required. Over a period of time, TechnoLabs developed the best mobile barcode technologies in the world. Part of the initiative, TechnoLabs started developing mobile based Point of Sale (POS) solution. It gives enormous flexibility to any retail store. It comprise of both inventory and point of sale modules. Inventory comprise of handling stock across locations, Expiry Management, Wastage Management, and Supplier Management. In the first version, there is no B2B automation. While all the back end activities are implemented on Java platform, POS is implemented on both Android and iPhone environments.

Responsibilities:

· Scope discussion and functional requirement preparation.

· Technical Participation

· Task Handling
· Modules integration and testing

· Discussion and meeting with Scrum Master for designing and development

· Acting as a service provider to all mobile developers and MVC developers.

· Consuming Web Services

Project #2

Title	: DocStation

Team Size	: 4

Organization	: Techno Labs Software Services Pvt Ltd

Role	: Trainee

Duration	: September – 2014  to Jan - 2015

Environments	: Spring MVC, Eclipse, Tomcat, XPATH,JQuery, HTML5 & CSS3
Description:

DocStation is a document management solution that provides organizations of any size with a powerful and affordable paperless office solution. DocStation got its web based BPMN Editor. DocStation delivers high-volume information capture, instant document and record retrieval, and seamless information distribution across the organization.

Responsibilities:

· Role and Group Management in Admin module.

· GUI Design for Admin module using HTML5 & CSS3

· Parsing XML using XPATH

Personal Profile:

Name	:	A.V.Chennakesav

Father's	Name	:	A.V.SubbaRao

Mother's Name	:	A.Rajarajeswari

Date of Birth	:	28/08/1993

Nationality	:	Indian

Gender	:	Male

Declaration

I hereby declare that all the above information provided by me is true and correct to the best of my knowledge and belief.

Signature,

Kesav Ammisetti.

