














































 
SUMIT AGARWAL 
Contact: +91-7501279771; Email ID – sagarwal681@gmail.com 

Career Objective:  To work in a competitive work environment allowing me to enhance my 
communication, analytical and problem-solving skills for the achievement of organizational objective as 

well as for self-development. 

 
Professional Qualification – Chartered Accountancy Course 

Level Year of Passing Institution Performance 

CA-Final        November,2015 
The Institute of Chartered 

Accountants of India 

           50.88% 

CA-IPCE November,2011 52.57% 

CA-CPT June, 2010 50.00% 

 
Professional Qualification – Company Secretary 

Level Year Institution Performance 

CS-Professional June,2013 
The Institute of Company 

Secretaries of India 

52.40% 

    CS-Executive December,2011 61.80% 

CS-Foundation December, 2010 70.50% 

 
Academics Qualifications 

*Was awarded a ‘CERTIFICATE OF MERIT’ for being among the top 0.1% of successful candidates in 
ECONOMICS 
 
Work Experience  

 
1) Company: Grant Thornton India LLP. (Bangalore) 

Period: 6th of September, 2016 to Current date 
Position:     Consultant - Direct Taxation & Regulatory Compliance. 

Category of 
work 

Major clients 
Handled 

Primary work done 

Direct / 
International 
Taxation 

 

 Banktech Group 

Pty Limited 

(Australia) 

 

 Euromonitor 

Research& 

Consulting (P) Ltd. 

 
 

 Zodiak Rights 

Limited (UK) 

 

 

 Thorogood 

Associates India (P) 

Ltd. 

 Income-tax provisioning, computation and subsequently filing 

the tax return for individuals and corporates. 

 Drafting advisory for Indian/ International clients on Income-

tax/ DTAA implications based on transactions with Indian 

companies. 

 Preparation of tax organisers for filing the ITR which helps the 

trainees on filing the return of income for individuals and 

companies. 

Companies Act 

 

 Filing annual return, financials & forms as per The Companies 

Act, 2013 with the ROC. 

 Drafting Directors’ Report, AOC–2, MGT–14, AGM notices, 

and other relevant documentation for conducting AGM of the 

companies & compilation of post AGM documentation. 

 Resolving queries of the client on the matters of Companies 

Act, 2013 and allied laws. 

 

 

 

Examination Year  School/College Board/ University Performance 

BBA (Finance Hons) 2013 St. Xavier’s College, Kolkata Autonomous (under CU) 66.09% 

Higher Secondary 2010 SHMD School, Jaigaon (WB) C.B.S.E. 85.40%* 

Secondary 2008 SHMD School, Jaigaon (WB) C.B.S.E. 88.33%  

mailto:sagarwal681@gmail.com


Labour Law   
Compliances 

 

 Airclaims Limited.  

 
 

 Rockstar India 

LLP. 

 Registration of companies with the Provident fund, PT, 
Gratuity, ESI and PT departments.  

 Filing PF returns on monthly basis and coordinating with the 
client for payment of PF collected on behalf of the employees. 

 Filing PT return and ESI return & causing appearances at the 
Labour Law department to represent client with regard to 
notice received w.r.t submission of 

 The Standing Order(Industrial Employment Act , 1946);  
 The Shops and Establishment Act, 1961. 

 
 

 

 
2) ARTICLESHIP: S K Bhattachariya & Co. Chartered Accountants (Partnership Firm) 

PERIOD:  April 2012 to April 2015 

POST-TRAINING EXPERIENCE: January 2016 to August 2016 
 

Summary of Key Assignments handled during articleship tenure: 
 

Service Tax and VAT 

 Computation of Service-tax payable amount and filing of return (ST-3); and  

 Assisted in preparation of the VAT Audit Report and filing VAT return. 
 

Other Works  
 Assisted in conducting internal audit and preparation of financial statements; 
 Compliance of Accounting Standards along with other checks that is necessary; 
 Drafting replies to notices from Income Tax & Service Tax Departments; and 

 TDS compliance and assisting clients on TDS queries on time to time basis. 
 
Computer Literacy 

Have successfully completed 100 hours of IT Training conducted by I.C.A.I. – Proficient with Microsoft 
Word, Excel, Internet and Tally &have successfully completed training on ‘Understanding Information 
Technology in the Corporate Environment’. 
 
Personal Information: 

Address(Permanent) : 2/4 Kalikakunj, PranamiMandirBylane, Siliguri (W.B) 

Sex : Male 
D.O.B. : 06/08/1991 
Passport Status : Available 
Current Location : Bangalore 
Linguistic Proficiency :English & Hindi [Both Written & Spoken] 
 
Interest and Achievements: 

 Active participation in various seminars on international taxation; 
 Secured distinction in Economics (97) in higher secondary examination (12th Standard); 
 Completed GMCS-II course mandated by The Institute of Chartered Accountants of India; 
 Have participated in school dance and cultural programs; 
 Have volunteered in various events at St. Xavier’s College, Kolkata; 
 Successfully completed co-curricular credit hours at St. Xavier’s College, Kolkata; and 
 Have created a Web based ‘Cyber Games” for the Event “Inertia” and coordinated the event. 

 
Hobbies  

Playing table tennis & snooker, writing poems, cooking, teaching, listening to music, driving, websites 
development and curiosity in technological advancements. 


