

















































visual-Anandbabu Nandagopal


Anandbabu Nandagopal

+91-9422581289

getabn@Hotmail.com

SYNOPSIS

Over 14 years of experience. 10yrs in P2P & 4 yrs in R2R.

Led 4 transition (3 Overseas & 1 Domestic).

Worked on Oracle & SAP ERP.

2 Major project Oracle Data migration & P2P Lean workshop. 

Good communication & Team handling skills. 

Seeking automation scope in project and remove manual task.

Kamala Hospital Plot no.10, Datta co-

op.society , opp.rajesh motors, Kawala

Naka Kolhapur, Maharashtra.

PIN:-416003

Education

PGDBA (Finance) 

Symbiosis Centre for Distance Learning (SCDL), Pune, (India)

Bachelor of Commerce

Madras University, Chennai (India)

Professional Summary

Assistant Manager skilled at communicating with primary international clients to

ensure that all outsourced processes meet quality and efficiency standards.

Proficient in quality control procedures. Specialize in applying problem solving 

and troubleshooting skills to meet client deliverables.

Current Work experience – Accenture (15-Dec-2006 - till date) 

S r . M a n a g e r

SKILL SET

Oracle – 4 ½ Years

SAP - 7 ½ Years

Tally - 2 Years 

Extremely skilled at managing and planning projects in accordance with client values.

Proficient in the use of technologies to maintain contact with both onshore / offshore clients

Vast knowledge of the Accounts Payable process

Sound ability to identify and resolve problems in an efficient manner

Skilled at establishing and maintaining mutually beneficial client relationships.

Excellent ability to communicate with Clients & their partners

Providing timely feedback to team member to meet their goals. 

Industry Experience

Telecom

Agriculture Equipment Manufacture

Retail

Management Experience

Transitioned Query management activity for Australian Client to Bangalore with 12 Fte.

Transitioned Travel and Expense process for US Client (Moline)

Transitioned Accounts Payable Process for APAC Telecom client ( Hong Kong & India)

Super User for P2P (Admin Control) and performed various testing in payment batches, I-proc PO, T&E automation

and uploading of invoices and successfully implemented. 

Performed Tax filling report (GST, VAT & Service Tax) for APAC regions.

Bank Reconciliation / AP to GL, Fixed / Intercompany account reconciliation.

Handled payments & Month end.

Contributed client saving ideas with total saving for $45000.

Handled AP Helpdesk both emails.

Cisco Voice call monitoring tool

Key Achievements



Maintaining the book of entry both AP & GL

Performed Bank & GL reconciliation

Financial report & analysis insight to management

Past work Experience: Tamilnadu Saw Mill, Chennai (April 2004 to Nov 2006) 


