














































NIVRATI  ACHARJEE a.nivrati19@gmail.com 
+91 88846 06849 

 

 

PROFILE SUMMARY 
 

Data enthusiast with 3+ years of experience in Data science and Business analytics by solving business 
problems across verticals through analytical framework, statistical and machine learning models.  

 

A quick-learner with passion to bring value to business by data-driven solutions. Developed Regression, 
Classification, Natural Language Processing and Market basket analysis solutions for Insurance analytics across 
various business lines using Machine learning algorithms and advanced analytical techniques.  

 

ACADEMIC QUALIFICATION 

 
 Completed B.Tech in Electrical Engineering from WBUT with 1st class marks (8.22 percentile) 

 

SKILLS 

 
 Statistical Techniques: Machine Learning, Natural Language Processing, Predictive analytics, 

MBA(retail) 

 Analytics Language: Python, SQL, SAS   

 Tools used: SAS Enterprise Guide, SAS Enterprise miner, MS Office (Excel/PowerPoint/Word) 

 Strengths: Quick learner and Hardworking, Team player, Flexible and adapt quickly to new 
working environment 

 

WORK EXPERIENCE 
 

Assistant Manager at WNS Global Services  

April 2015 – Present | Bangalore 

Insurance Analytics 
 

ROLES AND RESPONSIBILITIES 
 

Team: EO-Analytics  

Client: The Largest Insurance Firm in UK 
 
 

Project: Enhanced Liability Decision Making 
 

Business Objective: To develop a tool to indicate the likelihood of denial/success (with appropriate 
confidence level) of liability decision for EL,GL and property claims to reduce inflation of claim costs. 
 
Approach:  Developed Random Forest and Logistic regression model to predict likelihood of denial or 
acceptance of a claim and to allocate that claim to internal or external team. 
 
Languages and Tools Used:  Python and SQL 
 

      
Project: Retail analysis on Cross Sale 
 

Business Objective: To improve the product density by identifying potential corporate clients for 
Cross sell opportunities. 
 
Approach:  Used Market Basket Analysis with Association rule to identify the next best product to 
recommend based on the transactional behavior of clients. Prioritized the existing clients based on their 
Profitability and calculated Sub-Product group score to order the suitable product recommendation. 
 
Lapsed / Retention Analysis: The main objective was to create a tool to identify policy holders with 
high lapsing propensity and suggest the recommendation based on the results from MBA. 
 
Languages and Tools Used:  SAS E-miner, SQL and Excel 
 
 



NIVRATI  ACHARJEE a.nivrati19@gmail.com 
+91 88846 06849 

 

 
 

 
 

Project: LSI & SI Fraud 
 

Business Objective: To identify fraudulent claims with LSI and SI category of Commercial Motors and 
improve the fraud capture rate and conversion rate. 
 
Approach:  Developed Logistic regression model to predict propensity of potential fraudulent claims by 
studying historical behavior of claims and exposure using dimensional data. 
 
Languages and Tools Used:  Python and SQL 

 
 
 
Project: Solicitor Behavior Analysis 
 

Business Objective: To identify risky solicitors and features of claim associated to reduce the 
revenue loss. 
 
Approach: Analyzed behavior of historical fraudulent solicitors’ characteristics and segmented them 
into different risk groups using Decision Tree. 

 
Languages and Tools Used:  SAS E-miner and SQL 

 
  
Adhoc: 

  

 Reduced time constraint by automating SQL stored procedure using Python 
 

 
 TRAINING 

 
 

 Certified in ‘Machine Learning’ using Python from Jigsaw Academy – The Online School of 
Analytics 
 

 

HONORS AND REWARDS 
 

 

 Honored with Front Runner award under Transform the Organization category for consistent quality 

of deliveries. 

 Appreciations by Client for achieving the expected benefits from Claims analytics for enhancing cost 

saving by more accurate decision making and Retail analytics for increasing the cross sell 

opportunities. 

 Benefitted the stake holders portfolio by approximately £10 Mn with implementation of Fraud analytics 

and Enhanced liability solutions across Europe markets  
 
 

 
DECLARATION 

 
 

 I hereby declare that the above mentioned information is correct up to my knowledge and I bear the 

responsibility for the correctness of the above mentioned particulars. 

 

 
Place: Bangalore                                                                                                          Yours faithfully, 
 

Nivrati Acharjee 


