











































Resume’

Name: Sumit Malhotra
	Email:  sm140488@gmail.com
	                                  Mob. No. 9871462563


Career Objective
        

A result oriented Sales & Business Development professional with more than 3 years of experience in E-commerce with leading Company. Exposure in Direct Sales, Channel/Business Development, Indirect Sales- Business Associates, Marketing, Cross Selling, Sales Operation & Training. 
Work Experience      

      

	Name of Company
	Designation


	Job Profile 
	Work Exp (Duration)

	PayU Payments Pvt Ltd
	Senior Sales Associate
	Collaborate closely with Product, CRM, Finance & Accounts teams to ensure requirements are clearly understood and delivered on time.
- To Manage and convert all reseller leads originating from calls, website enquiries, mails and directly from reseller.
- To Contact interested customers, understanding their line of business and recommending suitable options for payment gateway enablement

-To co-ordinate with operations and risk for documentation and website approvals.

- To get Merchant live on website and ensure transactions are commencing.

- Exploring new avenues of growth to increase the merchant and customer base of PayUmoney & PayU Biz


	May 2016- Present

	POLICY BAZAAR.COM
	SUBJECT MATTER EXPERTISE
	1. Setting performance standards and achieving target under strict Deadlines

 2. Handling Escalations

 3. Task allocation, coaching and Training for enhanced productivity.

 4. Leading a team of 8-10 Representatives
	Sep 2014- May  2016

	 SHUBHANIK AMBIENT MEDIA SOLUTIONS
 
	SENIOR SALES EXECUTIVE
	-Direct Sales
-Ad Creation
-Handling Customer Complaints

	1June,2007-May,2010 




.

Educational Qualifications:

	Degree
	School / College Name

	Board / University 
	Year   of Passing
	 %  / CGPA

	B.B.A
	 Northen Institute Of learning Management.
	Rajasthan University
	 2015
	 60%

	H.S.C.
	 Vijay Laxmi Memorial Public School.
	CBSE
	 2012
	 56%

	S.S.C.
	 Vijay Laxmi Memorial Public School.
	 CBSE
	 2010
	 66%

	
	
	
	
	



Strengths
· Good interpersonal and communication skills.
· Good team player, also function well with independent responsibilities.
· Understand responsibilities and adaptable to situations quickly. 

Achievements  


· Been awarded PAY U rockstar twice, for doing good no. of sales.
· Onboarded key accounts like Indian Terrain, Reliance Big Entertainment, Lenovo and Motorola.
· Been awarded Star of the Month twice in Policy Bazaar.
· Been awarded Emerging Star of the month in Policy Bazaar.
· Awarded Champion cup for guest service by the hotel.
Extra-curricular activities 

 
· Won Inter-college Basketball championship in college.
· Represented school in Inter-School Quiz competition held at St. Xaviers, Behror.
· Won Inter school debate competitions.
Hobbies / Interests
· Watching Movies
· Playing cricket, basketball
·  Reading news
Personal Details:
	Date of Birth
	      : 16st June 1995
	

	Languages known
	      : English, Hindi, Punjabi
	

	Permanent Address
	: 5th floor, House No. 70, Kirti Nagar, Sector 15 Pt. 1 Gurgaon- 122001
Haryana
	

	
	
	


