
















































                                                       CURRICULUM VITAE NIKITA MACHADO
 (
CAREER OBJECTIVE
To be part of a work culture that provides me the opportunity to put 
my technique and knowledge in health care hence contributing to the betterment of the company 
and in turn assist me in my personal development. 
)                                                       
                                                       



                                                            


 (
PHONE:
9820646215
E-MAIL: 
nikita_machado@hotmail.com
LANGUAGES:
English 
Hindi
Konkani
SKILLS
Microsoft word and excel knowledge.
OTHER SKILLS
)                                                                EDUCATION
                           
                                                              2012                   Davao Medical School Foundation, Inc, Philippines
                                                                                          Doctor of Medicine
                                                             
                                                              2007                   Angeles University Foundation, Philippines    
                                                                                          Bachelor of Science in Biology    

                                                             2005                    Carmel School Kuwait
                                                                                                   All India senior school certificate examination, CBSE Board (Delhi)

                                                               PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
                                                         
                                                         JUNE 2017-                      Inventurus knowledge solutions pvt ltd.
                                                                     PRESENT                        Team Lead
 (
Providing services to US-based client physicians by helping him or her with a suite of clinical services (such as note scribing, clinical coding, and prescription management) to 
enchance
 their documentation in EMR
.
Extensive 
Clinical Knowledge well versed with US healthcare industry. 
Well versed with ICD-9, ICD-10, CPT codes and HIPAA regulations.
Proficient in MS Office Suite and adept at working on Next gen and Epic EHR.
Adept in interfacing with
 clients for understanding their requirements to maintain client engagement and retention. 
Being the SME for all queries and doubts. 
Responsible for the accuracy of data in the documents/projects assigned and timely delivery of documents keeping in mind the medico legal and coding aspect.
)                                                                                                             
                                                                                                                        







 (
Developing and maintaining SOP for the process.
 
Maintaining guidelines to be followed for client deliverable.
 
)                                       
                                         April 6, 2016-            Inventurus knowledge solutions pvt ltd.
                                                                June 26, 2017            Medical analyst

                                                     Nov 2012-April 2013,  Dr. Drago’s Lifeline Hospital 
 (
Regular follow up with admitted patient. 
Communicating regular update on in/out patients with Sr. Consultants. 
Counseling patients/relatives and solving queries. 
Completing/reviewing medical records and maintain hospital books. 
)                                                     Sept 2014-Feb 2015   Resident Medical Officer                                                                                       
