





































PERSONAL SUMMARY 
 

To seek a responsible and challenging position in the Organization 

Where my knowledge and experience can be Shared and enriched. 
 
 

PROFILE SUMMARY  
 

Skills: 

 Installing, configuring and administering network technologies. 

 Configuration and Managing of Servers and Workstations.  

 Good understanding of OSI Model, TCP/IP protocol suite (IP, TCP, FTP). 

 LAN/WAN Administration. 

 Router: Configuration & monitoring.  

 Strong Windows XP or Windows 7 desktop support skills. 

 Configuration and maintenance of shared network in intra network 

 Expand a network by connecting multiple switches and routers. 

 Performed troubleshooting and diagnosis to hardware/software network failures 
and provided resolutions. 

 

Hardware: 

 Computer assembling and maintenance. 

 Troubleshooting Printers, hardware and software problems. 

 Installing and configuring the peripherals, components and drivers. 
 

EXPERIENCE SUMMARY  
 

 Worked as a Networking administrator in Ariatech IT Solutions Pvt.Ltd., from June 
2016 to 8 th January 2018. 
 

 Working as a Networking administrator in Benerg Software Solutions Pvt.Ltd., from 
8 th January 2018 to till date. 
 

ROLES: 
 Installing and configuring OS, Software and other applications. 
 Windows XP and Windows 7, 8.1, 10 Desktop maintenances. 
 Performed troubleshooting and diagnosis to hardware/software network failures 

and provided resolutions. 
 Installing and configuring SQL Servers and their permissions to the user standards. 
 Installing & Maintaining Windows Servers. 
 Creating Domains, Users and providing them access as per the requirements. 
 Storage permissions as per the Company standards. 
 Computer assembling and maintain hardware. 
 Installing drivers and software’s to the user standards. 
 Troubleshooting Printers, LAN, WAN, Hardware and Software problems. 

VINAY GUMUDAVELLY  
 

Mobile: +91-9030285583 
E-mail: vinay.jcl684@gmail.com 



 Ethernet cable crimping and checking. 
 

EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATION 
 

 B. Tech Information technology from Guru Nanak Engineering and Technology, 
Hyderabad (2011 – 2015) with 64%. 

 

 Intermediate (MPC) from Sri Chaitanya Junior college Hyderabad (2009 – 2011) 
with 70.7%. 

 

 SSC from Montessori high school Alampur(2008 – 2009)    with 77%. 
 

STRENGHTS 
 

 Quick learner technically minded. 

 Good interpersonal skills. 

 Keen to learn and explore new things. 
 

PERSONAL DETAILS 
 

Name   : G Vinay 

Date of Birth  : 19
th

 May, 1992 

Father’s Name : G Kumar 

Mother’s Name : G hymavathi 

Languages Known : English, Telugu, Hindi 

 

           (VINAY G) 


