






















































Resume

Curriculum vitae

N.Srinivasa Rao

Email id: reachsrinivasarao@gmail.com			mobile no: (+91)- 9959609698

	Career objective

	· To seek a challenging career in the area of project management, finance, accounting, sectors which will enable me to offer the best of my professional ability and derive utmost job satisfaction & knowledge of the field.  
· Accepting higher responsibilities in the management hierarchy and reaching the pinnacle.


Educational qualifications
· M.B.A from Osmania University with specialization of finance & marketing from 2010 to 2012 with an aggregate of 70%.
· B.com - computers in P.G College affiliated to Osmania university from 2007- 2010 with an aggregate of 69%.
Work experience 
Current employer: Genpact, Hyderabad.
Designation: Management Trainee  
Exp: from July’12 to till date  
 Job profile:
Core components:
· Credit card Reconciliations
· Balance sheet account Reconciliations
· Preparing Month end JE’s


Process: General ledger/ Reconciliations
Exp: from October 2015 to till date
· Part of the remote process knowledge transition from the client (hospitality industry based in Canada).
1. Setting up pre close and post close calls to discuss about month end close calendar and resolve issues faced during the month
2. Preparing and submitting balance sheet accounts (bank & credit card) reconciliations classified as key and non key reconciliations.      
3. Submitting the month end reconciliations in the black line tool.
4. Setting up the bank and credit card reconciliation files for the new properties.
5. Sending weekly bank reconciliation to clients to clear the open items.
6. Training accountants on existing bank reconciliation process

· Handling team size of 4 members 
· Allocating the activities/tasks to team members 
· Reviewing the activities/task done by team members
· Recognizing and awarding the performance of the team members
  
Process: financial services analytics  

Exp: July 2012 to September 2015
1. Process deals with risk monitoring procedures, the dealer search web based application is used to document the results of required investigations completed on each dealership. 
2. The investigations include verification of legal name, good standing, ucc and retail/wholesale documents amended if legal name has changed, credit investigation and public records search.
3. Handling the end to end financial spreading process for NGF (non general motors finance).
4. Spreading the received financials from different dealers of different automotive companies into an application called CARRS (credit analysis of risk rating system).
Computer proficiency: ms-excel, power point, word.
 Achievements:
· Received customer award for successfully transitioning the bank reconciliation on time for 6 properties.
· Received silver award for best performance. 


Personal details
	Date of birth
	21stjune 1989

	Marital status
	Unmarried

	Languages known
	English, Hindi, Telugu

	Hobbies
	Playing & watching tennis

	Present address
	#Ayyappa society road,
Sainagar, Madhapur,
Hyderabad-500081.



Declaration
I hereby declare that the above information is true and correct to the best of my knowledge and    belief.

Place: Hyderabad							Yours Sincerely
Date  :
							                                N Srinivasarao
