










































 

 

 

 

CURRICULUM   VITAE 

 

Maithili Narendra Nalawade   

E-mail       maithunalawade@gmail.com 

Mobile 8600828334    

     

OBJECTIVE: 

To pursue a challenging, innovative and inspiring career in a result oriented company that will 

utilize my spirit, individual excellence and knowledge base, which will help me to explore myself 

fully and realize my potential. 

     

EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATION: 

Exam Name of Institution University / Board Year Marks (%) 

B.Pharm V.I.P.E.R. college ,Ale University Of Pune 2014 66.41% 

D.Pharm S.P.I.O.P. College,Otur M. S. B. T. E. 2011 73.30% 

HSC P.K.V.M.College,Loni Maharashtra State Board 2009 54.83% 

SSC 

Shivanery High 

School,Dholwad 

Maharashtra State Board 2007 70.46% 

  

 

   

EXPERIENCE: 

Name of 

Organization 
Location Period Designation Specific Roll 

Jehangir Hospital Pune 
September 2014 to 

may 2017 

Executive 

Pharmacist 

Dispensing of 

medicins and 

surgical material 

 

Syntel Pvt.Ltd. 

 

Talawade, Pune 
May 2017 to till 

date 

 

Associate KPO     

(Life Science) 

 

Clinical record 

management 

     

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

   

mailto:maithunalawade@gmail.com


 

 

 

 

 

CURRENT JOB PROFILE 

➢ Reviewing the document thoroughly. 

➢ Identifying the right metadata for the artifact. 

➢ Ensuring the metadata proprely entered in the workflow tool. 

➢ Putting the documents in the query state and following up on that with the respective lead. 

➢ Identification of clinical documents,including but not restricted to study, site, country and 

project level. 

➢ Mapping of CREDI document types to Subway artifacts. 

➢ Capture the attributes as per migration requirement based on content of document. 

➢ Ensure 100% quality. 

➢ Meet the set production target as per agreed timelines. 

➢ Maintaining daily production and Quality report for team. 

➢ Ensure to complete the assigned ad-hoc activities for the team. 

     

TRAININGS & SKILL SETS: 

➢ Hands on Experience on MS office & Power Point, Internet Application. 

➢ Possess excellent Communication and Writing skills. 

➢ Good knowledge of medicines & drugs . 

➢ Keen to learn new things. 

➢ Experience of working in a team. 

➢ Can complete the task well within a time with accuracy. 

 

EXTRA CURRICULAR ACTIVITIES & HOBBIES: 

➢ Appeared for Elementary and intermediate drawing exam. 

➢ Keen interest in reading, listening to music, playing chess; as it cultivates high 

concentration and patience levels. 

➢ Enjoy traveling to various places, learning new cultures & adopting a broader outlook. 

➢ Like to make relation with new kinds of person as it develops interpersonal skills. 

➢ Like to organize cultural and non-cultural events as it develops management skills. 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 



 

 

 

 

PERSONAL INFORMATION: 

Name: Maithili Narendra Nalawade  

D.O.B: 25th Dec 1991 

Address: 

Permanent Address:- 

A/P- Dholwad 

TAL-Junner 

DIST-Pune 

PIN CODE-412409 

Sex: Female 

Languages: English, Hindi, Marathi 

Marital Status: Married 
 

 

DECLARATION  : 

I hereby declare that the above-mentioned information is correct up to my knowledge and I bear 

the responsibility for the correctness of above-mentioned particulars. 

 

 

MAITHILI N. NALAWADE 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

     

        

 

 

                                                                                                          


