













































MANJURUL KHAN 

__________________________________________ 

E-mail Address: kmanjurul@gmail.com 

Contact No: +91 – 9901375784/7975496482 

Skype Id: khanmanjurul 

OBJECTIVE: 

To seek a challenging position in any industry which encourages growth and leadership opportunities 

while utilizing technical expertise, innovative abilities and interpersonal skills. 

 

PRESENT WORK PLACE: 

Name of the Organization Indpro (Intelligent Development & Programming Pvt. Ltd.) 

Designation Software Engineer 

Duration Working since 3rd March, 2016 

Place Bangalore, Karnataka, India 

 

EXPERIENCE AS MANAGER: 

Name of the Organization H.I.O.E.C.C.S. LTD. (Haldia IndianOil Employees’ Consumers’ Co-
operative Stores Limited) 

Designation Manager (IT Infrastructure) 
Duration 1 Year 

Place Haldia, West Bengal, India 

 

EXPERIENCE AS ASSOCIATE: 

Name of the Organization Ancate 

Designation Senior Technical Associate 

Subject Core Java and C#.Net 

Duration 2 Years 

Place Bangalore, Karnataka, India 

 

TECHNICAL SKILLS: 

♦ HTML 5, CSS 3, JavaScript, jQuery, JSON, XML 

♦ C# with Asp.Net MVC 

♦ MS SQL Server, SQLite 

♦ Bootstrap 

♦ AngularJS 

♦ Batch Script 

♦ Data Mining, Management and Development 

♦ Agile and Scrum 

♦ MS Word, Excel and Power Point 

mailto:kmanjurul@gmail.com


HIGHER ACADEMIC CREDENTIAL: 

Degree Institution Board/University Year of Passing Percentage 

Master of 
Computer 
Applications 

Sambhram 
Institute of 
Technology 

Visvesvaraya 
Technological 
University 

2012 74.56 

 

 PROJECT EXPERIENCES WITH INDPRO: 

1. RUNNING PROJECT (Play Home): 

Project name Play Home 

Project type Web Application 
Platform Visual Studio 2013/15 

Front-end C# with Asp.Net MVC (Entity Framework with Code First approach) 

Back-end MS Sql Server 2012 
My part DB design and develop 

Description Play Home is a product which includes Web and Mobile application. I worked 
on web-based application. Web page starts with an authenticated log in page. 
Perhaps Student/Children is the most important part of any Play Home, here, 
a role based authentication is maintained where Super admin, School admin, 
Parent and Teacher are main characters of the website. Each of them can 
communicate each other through its own chat group which will be generated 
by any Admin. Email notification will reach to particular accounts on behalf of 
each Blogs/Notices or any Chat Message related to them. A Child Ledger is 
prepared to count candidates attendance. Super admin is the company admin 
itself who is developing this application and who is having multiple Play Home 
Schools. 
 

 

2. RUNNING PROJECT (CleverHTML): 

Project name CleverHTML 

Project type Web Application 

My part R&D (Fixing issues, bugs and client support) 

Technologies HTML5, CSS, XML and AngularJS 
Description A product which is for Clever Learning Courses. Project is developed in such a 

generic way, that it can be used for several Courses.  
 

 

3. INTERNAL PROJECT (Petrol Pump System): 

Project name Petrol Pump System 

Project type Web Application 
Platform Visual Studio 2010 

Front-end C# with Asp.Net 

Back-end SQLite 

My part DB design and development 
Duration 6 months 



Description It is a web-based application which handles the stock of a retail petrol pump 
and generates a daily report on a single click. It includes miscellaneous 
expenses of the retail shop and calculates the total amount in hand. Order, 
In-transit and Indent also been calculated. At the day end an automatic report 
is generated in pdf format including all details. 
 

 

4. WORKED WITH FTP SERVER (Batch Programming): 

♦ Developed .bat file to download files from FTP server to any local directory without any user's 

interaction. 

♦ Developed .bat file to copy files from one directory to another by configuring source and 

destination paths. 

5. PROJECT DONE WITH ACADEMIC CAREER (Payroll System): 

Project name Payroll System 

Project type Web Application 

Platform Visual Studio 2010 
Front-end C# with Asp.Net 

Back-end SQL Server 2008 

Team Two members 
My part DB design and development 

Duration 12 weeks 

Description It is a web-based application which easily handles the pay slip for each 
employee of any organization. It automatically does the task that use to be 
handled manually by inserting the allowances and deductions. This 
application in contrast generates a pay slip on a single click. Here, it has been 
taken care of employees’ security by providing a password protected pdf 
generated pay slip. 
 

 

6. MINI PROJECTS DONE WITH ACADEMIC CAREER: 

♦ Book Sore Management System, application software to keep records of all books in a bookstore 

(Using C# & SQL Server 2005). 

♦ KBC-2, a game on quiz contest (Using C++). 

♦ A table with thin line border by using HTML 5.0. 

♦ A square box (400 X 400) with blue color border, which will always be at the center (horizontally 

at the center and vertically at the middle) of the page. It must work for any screen having different 

resolution and for different browser like IE, FF and Chrome using HTML 5 and CSS 3. 

♦ Styled text box with maintaining suitable left and right padding, styled list using HTML 5 and CSS 

3. 

♦ Using CSS 3 and JavaScript, a button having a thin red color border around it with white color text 

and blue background. On mouse over of the button, the button text color will turn pink. On mouse 

over the button “hand” cursor will show. The first letter “p” of “print” must be underlined, as an 

indication that keyboard letter “p” could be used as “access key” with an alert message “Hi! I’m 

clicked” should be shown. 



♦ Using JavaScript a program to print like 1+2+3+4=10 for a given numeric value (e.g. 4). 

♦ Using JavaScript a program to print “|” separated even or odd numbers for a given input. The 

output should look like 2|4|6|8|10 if input is 10-e or 11-e or the output should look like 

1|3|5|7|9|11 if input is 11-o or 12-o. 

♦ Without using any global variable, a JavaScript function having at-least two input arguments (e.g. 

356 and 5) will show its divisions up-to reminder less than second input (e.g. 5). 

♦ A JavaScript function which takes as input a string that consists only of the digits from 0-9 and 

outputs a distribution (like a grade distribution) showing how many times each digit appears in 

the string. 

♦ A function whose return value will produce a dynamic table using JavaScript with object notation. 

♦ Getting results by creating four buttons as ‘first’, ‘next’, ‘previous’ and ‘last’ and on click on those 

get the numeric values as expected. 

EXTRA CURRICULUM ACTIVITIES: 

♦ Attended #GIDS 2017 in Bangalore 

♦ Attended Free Software Movement Karnataka, a technical conference in Bangalore 

♦ Family Welfare Bureau at Khanakul, Hooghly, West Bengal 

♦ Life Member of Indian Red Cross Society 

♦ Member of Bratachari Kendriya Nayak Mandali 

♦ Own first prizes in inter Collegiate Solo Singing competitions 

♦ Attended several Inter Collegiate Technical Fests 

STRENGTHS: 

♦ Dedication, Determination and Devotion. 

♦ Smart work and Creative enthusiastic. 

♦ Well organized and able to get along well with people. 

♦ Ability to work independently and as a part of a team. 

♦ Ability to solve problems. 

♦ Positive approach. 

HOBBIES: 

Singing, playing cricket and football, swimming, photography, cooking, writing poem, explore new tricks 

on technologies as well as mysteries and visit new places. 

PERSONAL DETAILS: 

Full name  Md Manjurul Hasan Khan 
Father’s Name Md. Yeakub Ali Khan (Retired School Teacher) 

Mother’s Name Farida Khatun (House Wife) 

Date of Birth 2nd February 1984 
Gender Male 

Marital Status Married 

Language known English, Hindi and Bengali 

Blood Group B+ 

Religion Islam 

Category General 

Permanent address Village: Dhekua, P.O: Dhekua, P.S: Sutahata  



District: Purba Medinipur, West Bengal: 721658 
Nationality Indian 

 

LAST BUT NOT THE LEAST:  

♦ I was on job training for few months using PHP with WordPress technology as a Software 

Developer at Next Screen Infotech Private Limited in Kolkata. 

♦ I have few months of experience as a BDE (Business Development Executive) on stock/share 

market with Adskaro (MarketGyan) Company in Bangalore. 

♦ I have few months of experience as an HR Recruiter with Inspiration Manpower Consultancy in 

Bangalore. 

♦ During the year 2001 to 2003 I was trying to study B.A. in English (hons.) from Bardwan University 

but couldn’t accomplish. 

♦ During the year 2004 & 2005 I was working as a Supervisor under a contractor of tiles’, marbles’ 

and granite's fixing at few construction sites in Bangalore. 

STATEMENT OF PURPOSE:  

I hereby declared that above said information is correct and true to best of my knowledge and 

understanding. All relevant documents and proofs shall be submitted for verification whenever it will be 

required. 

Place: Bangalore, Karnataka. 

 

 

Signature with date 

[MD MANJURUL HASAN KHAN] 

 


