

















































CURRICULUM VITAE
Narayana Swami Nagishetti
Phone: +91 9059926293. 
Email: narayanaswami501@gmail.com
	


CAREER OBJECTIVE

To become a successful professional in a highly competitive technological world where performance is rewarded with new challenging responsibilities and to serve a reputed growth oriented industry in the field of Design, Development and Maintenance. 

SOFTWARE SKILLS

Languages: HTML5, JavaScript, JQuery
Web Technologies: HTML 5, CSS 3, BOOTSTRAP, WORDPRESS
IDE Tools: Net Beans
Operating Systems: Win XP, Win 7 and 10
Web Hosting Control Panel: CPanel
Desktop FTP Client: Filezilla
Content Management Systems / Framework: Wordpress.
Packages: Ms Office.

EDUCATION

B.Tech (CSE) - Swami Ramananda Tirtha Institute Science and Technology Affiliated to JNTU Hyderabad, with an aggregate of 69.62% in 2014.
Diploma(Computers) – Government Polytechnic College Nalgonda, SBTET, Andhra Pradesh, with an aggregate of 74.90% in 2011.
S.S.C – ST.Alphonsus high school Nalgonda, with an aggregate of 80% in 2008.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Company: Tech Mahindra Hyderabad
Designation: Senior Associate Designer
Duration: April 2017 – Present
Key projects Undertaken
Email marketing material:
http://www.gsk.com/
Project Description: 
- Development of the email marketing material for the well known Pharma giant GSK. 
- In which we will be developing the email material in HTMLs for all the branded and non branded products of GSK and their subsidiaries.
 Responsibility: 
Designing template makes up by using HTML5, CSS3 and upload into Veeva Vault, and we are using the Salseforce and Litmus to check the compatibilities of mobile and ipad.
For email marketing we are using Veeva Vault, Salseforce, Litmus and Adobe campaign tools
Company: Gallop Communications
Designation: Web Developer
Duration: November 2016 – April 2017

Company: SMART SOLUTIONS
Designation: Web  Developer
Duration: September 2015 – October2016

I’m a Web Developer with running one+ years of professional experience in the Web Development. My skill’s in HTML, CSS, Responsive Development and CMS integration. I create clean, professional, functional HTML, CMS Websites Development.

Responsibilities
       Developing 

Participating in discussions with clients to clarify what they want.
· Developing the front end css of websites.
· Developing websites that have a consistent feel and look throughout all web properties.
· Responsive Web Design Process.
· Perform testing on websites using the emulator tools.
· Changing the code of existing websites.
· Testing a website before it goes live top identify any problems.
· Optimizing web assets for optimal speed and performance.
· Creating banners and buttons for websites.

Hosting and Others 

· Website Hosting and managing several databases.
· Contacting Website Hosting Customer support team and Providing technical support to end users.
· Researching new technologies, software packages and hardware products.

WEB DEVELOPMENT SKILLS

· Developed user friendly websites.
· Front-End Development with CSS and HTML.
· Comfortable working with Windows or Mac OS.
· Developing Front end ecommerce websites.
· Superb debugging and problem-solving skills.
· In-depth understanding of modern web practices.
· Understanding of the client/server model.
· Extensive Knowledge of databases, servers, Operating system.
· Quickly solved any CSS, HTML, Responsive and CMS issues.






PERSONAL SKILLS

· Innovative, always full of new ideas / suggestions.
· Able to work on a team.
· Clear and effective communication skills.
· Having a well thought out approach to problems.
· Ability to follow complex instructions.
· Good time management skills, prioritization skills.
· Can work efficiently with minimum supervision.
· Able to meet tight deadlines.
· Superior attention to detail.
· Working well as part of a multi-disciplinary team.

PROJECTS


Project 1

Project Name: CHILLOUT (Word press)
Languages: PHP, HTML
Backend: MYSQL
Role: Developer
Description:  It is an Ecommerce website which has created using Word press also it is used for online shopping.

Website:  http://carspa.esy.es/

Project 2

Project Name: Future needs (Wordpress)
Languages: PHP, HTML
Backend: MYSQL
Role: Developer
Description:  provide objective and impartial financial advice to individuals, families, businesses and trustees, tailored to meet your specific financial needs.

Website:  http://futureneeds.com.au/

Project 3

Project Name: Telugumalli  (Wordpress )
Languages: PHP, HTML
Backend: MYSQL
Role: Developer
Description:  Telugumalli is a world based news website we designed and developed this website

Website:  http://www.telugumalli.com
Project 4

Project Name: TAAI (Wordpress Framework)
Languages: PHP, HTML
Backend: MYSQL
Role: Developer
Description:  It is a Telugu Association of Australia profile website which has created using Wordpress also it is used for Events and Memberships.

Website:  http://taai.net.au


PERSONAL DETAILS

Date of Birth		:  18-03-1993
Marital Status 		:  Single
Hobbies		:  Bike Riding, Cooking, Traveling, Watching TV
Languages Known	:  Telugu, Hindi, Tamil, kanada and English.
Permanent Address 	:  NARAYANA SWAMI.NAGISHETTI
       			   S/o. N.Perumallu
       			   Louize Nagar,
      			   Nalgonda (Dist), Pin: 508001,
       			   Telangana, India.

DECLARATION


Responsible for working closely with the product management team to organize the web presence of clients, and to develop rich user interfaces for them


Place: Hyderabad                           		                      	                           (NARAYANA SWAMI NAGISHETTI)
