

















































from;-Sanjay Aggarwal


CURRICULUM-VITAE

AKSHAY KUMAR SHARMA

Address			:	C 33/47 J.J. CAMP KALI BARI MARG 
					NEW DELHI-110001
Contact No.			:	9716422417()
E-mail				:	akakshaysh60@gmail.com

Career Objective


Intended to work in a challenging environment where I can grow and explore myself and make a meaningful contribution towards the growth of the organization that helps me in shaping my carrier successfully, my skills and ability to the best.

Profile
· Competent and diligent professional of extensive experience of working in international processes and accounting industries ensuring timely deliverables within pre-set cost parameters
· Excellent time management skills with proven ability to work accurately and quickly prioritize coordinate and consolidate tasks.
· Well conversant with work force management functions and actively participated in various projects targeting cost reduction & continuous process improvement 

Educational Qualification

	Qualification
	School/College
	University/Board
	Year
	Stream/course
	Score

	Graduate
	Zakir Husain college(Eve)
	Delhi University
	2017
	B.com(P)
	71.84%

	Class12
	Kendriya vidhyalya gole market
	CBSE
	2014
	Commerce  with Mathematics
	76.5%

	Class10
	Kendriya vidhyalya gole market
	CBSE
	2012
	Course A
	7.4/10CGPA




Professional Qualification

· Good Knowledge of MS Office. 
· Citrix and SAP 
· Outlook
· Data entry operator from ITI PUSHA(6 month) in 2015


Skills Expertise

· SAP – AP ERP
· Tally ERP 9 

Professional Experience

1. Accenture solution private limited (18 Sep 2017 to till date)
Profile: - Account payable
Working in Invoice processing, Issue Resolution, Vendor Communication, Payments Team.
Good knowledge in Europe and Middle East and Africa Invoices 
Purchase order, blank order, verify goods receipts note (GRN) & taxation on country specific for expenses and services

Taken KT (knowledge transfer) and provide reverse KT to new Colleague

· Processing of Invoices for payment:
	
1. Process invoices with in SLA with 99% accuracy.
2. Putting invoices on payment block 
3. Park incorrect invoices
4. Deduct duplicated invoices and delete them

· Issue Resolution.

1. Work on park invoices and solved the issue with them.
2. Delete incorrect invoices and inform to Vendor.
3. Adjust incorrect invoices.
4. Putting invoices on Block on business requirement.
5. Taking call with vendor and explain the issue with invoices.
6. Taking call with Client and show the progress.
7. Making DTPs and inform to our colleagues for any update in DTPs.


· Vendor Communication.

1. Helping to vendor and solve their issue with email and calls.
2. Taking call with Client and show the changes in process.
3. Provide Remittance advise to vendor on their request 

·    Payment Proposal / Payment Run

1. Creating Payment Proposal for Internal & External Suppliers.
2. Checking of vendor’s details, address and banking information.
3. Executing Payment run and payment medium programs


· MIS Reporting:

1. Provide report to Client on Weekly basis
2. Provide report to manager on Daily basis of production (Invoice process)
3. Provide report to Important vendor on Weekly Basis


· Vendor management

To ensure Bank information updates, supplier site & remittance email of vendor/agencies is proper in the system for timely & correct payments.

1. Raise request for vendor updating in systems






Achievements & Rewards

· 2 Times 100% attendance awards in school (2006 & 2009).
· 3rd position in Drawing and painting in school (2009).
· 2 Place in SANGAM-RUNATHON (2014).



Extra-Curricular Activities

· Participated in Regional Games Athlete KV.
· Participated in various events like Hosting.
· Part of NGO (Shades of happiness foundation)


STRENGTH

· Willingness to learn and share Knowledge
· Positive Attitude
· Good Communication skills
· Adaptability 
· Strong Analytical Skills 
· Friendly Manner

HOBBIES

· Playing and watching sports
· Meeting with new people and travelling
· Playing Computer Games
· Internet surfing for knowledge 

                                                                       
PERSONAL DETAILS

Name				:	AKSHAY KUMAR SHARMA
Father’s Name		:	Mr. Akshay Kumar Sharma
Mother’s Name		: 	Mrs. Munni Devi
Date of Birth		:	08 June 1996
Language 			: 	Hindi, English
Gender			:	Male
Nationality			:	Indian
Marital Status		:	unmarried


(Akshay Kumar Sharma)

			  							


