Page * of *
Email: acxcm2@r.postjobfree.com Mob: +91-996**-*****
Profile Summary
Nearly 11 years of IT experience in Telecom / Legal domain inclusive of over 9 years working as Database Administrator with Oracle, MySQL and other databases. Expertise in Oracle 11gR2 RAC, ASM, RMAN/BCV and Standby Data guard management and performance tuning for building mappings and process flows. Administering database design, implementation and maintenance. Supervising critical issues with the help of support team and clients, expertise in MySQL, PostgreSQL and SQL Server database. Successful in leading projects providing updates on availability, database usage, growth and performance metrics to the organization’s management. Evaluating the performance of recoveries, restoration drills, cloning to stage and development. Reviewed and improved checklists for activities like upgrades, migrations, disaster recovery, backup & recovery. Guided the resolution of performance issues inclusive of managing latches and locks, analyzing wait events, reviewing and setting underscore parameters, identifying bad queries and bottlenecks, planning and executing object reorganization and partitioning. An effective communicator & negotiator with strong analytical, problem solving and organizational skills.
Area of Excellence
Oracle RAC 11gR2 multiple/Single instance Installation & environment set up
Oracle ASM, RMAN/BCV, Standby Dataguard, SQL, PL/SQL, Database & SQL performance Tuning
Oracle Database Patching, Upgrade migration, Cross platform migration, Cloning & Data-Warehouse (DWH) Management
RMAN backup configuration & policy implementation, RMAN disaster recovery in production
Design database solutions to satisfy application (business and technical) requirements.
Check and enable database related security & auditing features without impacting performance
MySQL, PostgreSQL, SQL Server databases & Golden Gate Installation/backup management Career Timeline
Technical Inventory
Database:
Oracle 9i, Oracle 10g and Oracle 11gR2, 12cR1, MySQL 5.5 (Maria DB, Oracle), MS Server 2012, PostgreSQL 9.2, Hbase (NoSQL)
Database tools:
Golden Gate, PL/SQL Developer, SQL Developer, TOAD SQLyog, MySQL Workbench, SQL Server Management Studio, Oracle Enterprise Manager –Web Console
DB Diff, IT360
Operating Systems:
RHEL V5-6, OEL5, Cent OS, HP-UX, AIX, Solaris,
Windows XP, Windows 2003/2007, XP professional, VISTA professional. Education
Bachelor of Engineering (BE) in 2005, North Maharashtra University, Jalgaon. HSC in 2001, Nasik Board of Maharashtra, Yawal.
SSC in 1999, Nasik Board of Maharashtra, Bhusawal. Pravin Patil
Technically sophisticated Oracle Database Administrator (DBA) and Database Developer proficient in running method-oriented operations & taking initiatives for business excellence through process improvement. KrisLin Consultants,
Pune
Jr. PL/SQL Developer
Digital Group
InfoTech Pvt. Ltd.,
Pune
Sr. Oracle DBA
Tech Mahindra
Ltd., Pune
Manager DBA
Since Apr’11
Sep’07-Apr’11
Jan’06-Sep’07
Page 2 of 3
Work Experience
Since Apr’11 Tech Mahindra Ltd., Qatar As Manager DBA, Client : Vodafone, Qatar. Leading major code deployments activities like Storage Upgrade, Fixed Line and Beirut and Merge project. Improving the database designs & eradicating bottlenecks due to new enhancements and functionalities. Resolving major performance issues due to increase in data and new application behaviors, including database versions and their behaviors according to the situations. Significant Achievements:
Initiated gamut of operations such as Stats gathering, Index rebuilding, Data purging
Offer support to :
Account billing process twice in a month
OSM partition drop activity and AIA truncation activity
Development and test environments as per demand
Streamlined :
New Installation, upgrade and patch management
Unique database design scope
Multiple database recovery situations
MySQL (MariaDB), SQL Server and PostgreSQL databases backups
Enforced security of all the Oracle Databases, maintained database constraint to ensure integrity of the database
Performed database re-organisations as required to assist performance and ensure maximum uptime
Led a team of 4 DBAs to provide 24/7 global support for 100+ databases, trained staff on database support tools, procedures and scripts
Refreshing development and test environments as per demand.
Performed database tuning to achieve up to 80% performance enhancement of the database system during peak loads
Provided production support on multi-tier database applications, also provided support for multi terabytes DWH(Data Warehouse) DBs on Oracle. Sep’07 to Apr’11 Digital Group InfoTech Pvt. Ltd, Pune, As Sr. Oracle DBA, Client : CTLS-Wolter' Kluwers, USA
Worked on offshore development environment and monitored production of database code deployments. Initiated SQL and PL/SQL code verification before every database code deployments. Updated state’s data in production environments. Streamlined every upgrade and migration activities in this company Significant Achievements:
Updated monthly data refresh activity in production from US States (Legal documents) with Exp/Imp utility.
Offered support to the customer billing activity once in a month as required.
Generated daily AWR and DB monitoring reports and publishing it.
Led pre-prod database refresh activity, on demand, managed:
New installation, upgrade and patch management processes
New database design scope when migrated from 9i to 10g
One project to hide customer’s sensitive information with DBMS_CRYPTO package
PL/SQL and SQL performance tuning with agreed code conventions Jan’06 to Sep’07 Krislin Consultants, Pune., As Jr. PL/SQL Developer Client : Directorate or Technical Education, Mumbai Spearheaded major code deployment activities for Online Admission Project, piloted by DTE, Mumbai. Learned database related technologies and managed many small IT projects. Successfully completed Oracle DBA courses to improve skills and knowledge.
Significant Achievements:
Managed :
Page 3 of 3
User management and privileges.
SQL performance tuning
Wrote complex SQL queries for report generation
Identified bugs and problems in projects and modified as per new process Personal Details
Date of birth : 26 April, 1984
Language Known : English, Hindi, Marathi
Passport : M3496217
Country Visited : Qatar
Address :C-704, Shivam Majestica, Chaoudhary Park, Wakad, Pune – 411 057. India (Maharashtra).
Contact this candidate