Koteswararao
Email: adqdoo@r.postjobfree.com
Contact: +91-957*******

Objective:
To be associated with a challenging position in a progressive organization that gives me challenges and opportunities to enhance my knowledge and hone my skills in accordance with latest trends and part of a team that dynamically work towards the growth of the organization.
Experience Summary:
Having 4.8 years of experience in Information Technology as SQL Server DBA.
Experience in MS SQL Server Database Administration including planning, installation, deployment/implementation, configuration as per Microsoft Operation Framework guidelines.
Upgrading SQL servers by applying Service packs, Security patches and Hot fixes.
Configuration Experience in high availability solutions, which include Log shipping, Replication and SQL Server Always On.
Experience in managing large-scale SQL Server databases in production support in SQL Server 2005, 2008, 2008R2,2012,2014,2016,2017 and 2019 versions.
Installing and configuring the SQL Server 2005, 2008, 2008R2, 2012,2014,2016, 2017 and 2019.
Configuring / managing high availability SQL Server solutions that include Log shipping, Mirroring, Replication and Always On.
Managing Security (Creating users, logins and roles, granting permissions) & Fixing Orphaned users.
Involved with SQL Server Performance Tuning, Server and Database optimization.
Experience in backups, restore, security and disaster recovery solutions.
Experience in usage of DBCC commands and DMVs for troubleshooting.
Experience to work in ITIL Framework Incident/Change/Problem management.
Experience in tools like Performance Monitor, Profiler, Import and Export wizard and Copy database wizard.
Performing the Failover and Failback operations in the cluster environment and adding the new Disks and troubleshooting activities.
Good Experience in Performance tuning activities like verifying the slow running queries. Fragmentation and reindexing the fragmented indexes.
Experience with upgrades from SQL 2005 to 2008, 2008 to 2012 and 2012 to 2016.
Analyze, solve, and correct issues in real time production environment.
Good experience in SQL Server migration activities.
Good communication and interpersonal skills. Highly motivated with strong commitment to quality and customer service.
Good Knowledge of Migration of data from on-prem databases to Azure Cloud databases.
Administer & Support mission critical databases and provide 24*7 Production support.

Educational Details:
MCA from Jawaharlal Nehru Technical University.
Professional Experience:
Working as a SQL server DBA in Tech Mahindra from Dec 2019 to till date.
Worked as a SQL Server DBA in Capgemini India from May 2017 to Nov 2019.
Technical Skills:
Operating Systems : Windows Family (XP/2000/2003/2008/2012/2016/2019)
Databases : SQL Server 2005, 2008,2008R2,2012,2014,2016,2017,2019
Tools : I-Support, Red Gate, Change management, ServiceNow
Languages : T-SQL, C#.Net
Project1:
Project Title : Honda DBA Managed Services
Client : AHM, US
Duration : Dec 2019 to till-date
Role : Database Administrator
Description:
The American Honda Motor Company, Inc. (sometimes abbreviated as AHM) is a North American subsidiary of the Honda Motor Company, Ltd. It was founded in 1959. The company combines product sales, service and coordinating functions of Honda in North America, and is responsible for distribution, marketing and sales of Honda and Acura brand automobiles, Honda power sports products, including motorcycles, scooters and all-terrain vehicles, and Honda power equipment products, including lawnmowers, tillers, string trimmers.
Roles & Responsibilities:
Installation of SQL Server 2005,2008,2008R2,2012,2016,2017 and 2019 and applying respective Service Packs and performing the post installation tasks.
Setup and Maintained Log Shipping and worked on Cluster setup.
Dropped and recreated the indexes on tables for performance improvements.
Created the Maintenance Plan for optimization and integrity check for all SQL servers.
Monitored Databases for Lock Escalation, Deadlock, resource utilization by sessions, capturing long running SQL queries, fine-tuning SQL statements that better result in efficient SQL statements processing.
Involved with SQL Server Performance Tuning, Server and Database optimization and Query tuning.
Configuring and troubleshooting High Availability solutions in Production environment Replication, Mirroring, Log Shipping and Always on.
Performed administrative activities like creating user logins with appropriate roles, granting and denying login privileges, monitoring the user accounts, creation of groups, granting database and application roles to users and groups.
Resolving blocking and deadlocks using DMVs, Profiler and killing respective SPIDs and also optimizing the queries, which are involved in blocking and deadlock issues.
Verifying SQL Server Error Logs and SQL Server Agent logs on a constant day to day basis.
Working on file moment activities as per request with application teams.
Coordinating with the onsite DBA Support Team on production support issues.
Creating CR’s for every client-raised request and from users/application team.
Performing database refresh across different versions. Creating Jobs/MPs for most frequent tasks like checking the integrity of database, rebuild index.
Involved in trouble shooting and fine-tuning of databases for its performance.
Checked performance tuning, indexing and query optimization.
Used to back up user & system databases and restore them when necessary.
Used DBCC & DMV’s utilities, updated index statistics, monitored database and disk space, involved in security issues and scheduled tasks.
Troubleshooting production Issues, jobs and nightly batch process jobs.

Project2:
Project Title : North Face
Client : The North Face, US
Duration : May 2017 to Nov 2019
Role : Database Administrator

Description:
The North Face, Inc. is an American outdoor product company specializing in outerwear, fleece,coats, shirts, footwear, and equipment such as backpacks, tents, and sleeping bags. Its clothing and equipment lines are catered towards college students, climbers, mountaineers, skiers, snowboarders, hikers, and endurance athletes. The company sponsors professional athletes from the worlds of running, climbing, skiing and snowboarding.

Roles & Responsibilities:

Installation of SQL Server2005,2008,2008R2,2012,2016 and applying respective Service Packs. And changing of port numbers for security purpose once installation is completed.
Created Scheduled maintenances and backup procedures to the database as a disaster recovery method.
Worked on Backups of Database and Restored the Database from Disaster Recovery.
Involved in the migration of SQL Server 2005 to 2008 and SQL Server 2008R2 to 2012.
Implementing and administering database replication between SQL Server databases.
Replicating the SQL Server to transfer and update data at remote servers, setting up of Transactional replication, created publisher database, distributor database and push & pull subscriber databases.
Creating Database Maintenance Plans for the Performance of SQL Server which covers Database Integrity Checks, Update Database Statistics and Re-indexing.
Creating and mapping the logins to the database and grant the appropriate permissions.
Day-to-day activities like resolving the backup failures, integrity and optimization jobs, handling suspect mode databases, analyzing error logs, database refresh activities from PROD to DEV/STG.
Worked on Backups of Database and Restored the Database from Disaster Recovery.
Contact this candidate