ANNA YU
adttud@r.postjobfree.com Permanent Address: ***** N Inglenook Ln, Deer Park, IL 600**-***-*** 2675
TECHNICAL SKILLS
Software: Oracle Cloud, Oracle RAC, Context Server, Oracle Data Grade, Advanced Queuing, Parallel Server, AWS, MS SQL Server Operating Systems: Linux, HP/UX, Sun4, Sun Solaris, AIX, SCO UNIX, Digital Unix, Windows NT/2000 Database tools: Oracle OEM, SQL Developer, SQL*Loader, PL/SQL, RMAN, ERWIN, DBArtisan, TOAD, AWS CLI, Developer/Designer 2000, form and report, Microsoft SQL Server Management studio, Release Manager, Redgate-GITHUB Languages: Shell scripting, Java, Python
W O R K E X P E R I E N C E
ADP Inc / CDK Global Inc - Staff Database Engineer Apr 2006 – Present
§ Provided technical analysis and troubleshooting for Oracle Database and Oracle E-Business Suite Applications.
§ Administration, cloning, and performance tuning of all oracle databases and EBS applications.
§ Developed and maintained infrastructure code to install, configure, upgrade and patch databases’ software.
§ Designed, implemented, maintained, and troubleshooted data replication pipelines.
§ Developed and maintained code to monitor environmental health events.
§ Implemented and maintained database security and auditing.
§ Designed, implemented, and tested backup, restore, and recovery of the persistent data with RMAN backup.
§ Have a strong quality mindset and are detail-oriented and structured.
§ Experience automating, scripting for efficiency and accuracy utilizing Unix shell scripts and other scripting tools.
§ Experience with Oracle 12c, 19c Multi-Tenant Architecture and database infrastructure design.
§ Participated in periodic High Availability / Disaster Recovery tests of critical systems.
§ Implemented CI/CD DevOps by Redgate / GitHub & GitHub Action.
§ Designed/implemented scripts to transfer files from FTP server to AWS S3 buckets with AWS CLI.
§ Some experience in oracle Golden Gate and oracle Cloud. Advocate Health Care – Senior Oracle DBA Mar 2005 – Apr 2006
§ Provided technical analysis and troubleshooting for critical payroll and patient databases. This included database performance & tuning, backup/recovery, configuration, scripting, etc.
§ Demonstrated ability to support large, complex and integrated payroll and patient databases.
§ Implemented incremental RMAN backup to meet production database disaster recovery and high availability requirement.
§ Responsible for and performed Disaster Recover Test.
§ Analyzed/resolved complex problems, performed maintenance and tuning of the Oracle database. Stopka & Associates – Senior Oracle DBA Consultant May 2001 – Feb 2005
§ Provided technical analysis and troubleshooting for critical ABNAMRO Bank project. This included database performance & tuning, backup/recovery, configuration, scripting, etc.
§ Demonstrated ability to build and support large, complex and integrated electric payment database.
§ Detailed knowledge of data architecture, database design and database technologies. Motorola Inc – Senior Oracle DBA Jun 1998 – May 2001
§ Performed all Oracle database administration tasks on UNIX system. This included installing, upgrading, maintaining, troubleshooting, database performance & tuning, backup/recovery and security, etc.
§ Lead team in upgrading Oracle data warehouse and other databases to a new version without any employee downtime.
§ Successfully led a project team in moving data warehouse from Microsoft SQL server database to Oracle database.
§ Provided technical and system support to developers and users in Client/Server Oracle database design, programming, query optimizing, performance and tuning, resulting in almost no downtime and increased employee productivity.
§ Provided leadership in Oracle Multi-master replication server design, implementation and troubleshooting production issues and problems.
E D U C A T I O N
Master’s Degree – DePaul University, Chicago, IL.
§ MS in Computer Science
Bachelor’s Degree – China Textile University, Shanghai, China.
§ BS in Mechanical Engineering
Contact this candidate