ANAND MUTHUKRISHNAN
636-***-****
adu68i@r.postjobfree.com

Senior AWS DBA / AWS Data Engineer /Oracle DBA Lead / Oracle Applications DBA Lead with more than 20 years of IT experience primarily in AWS Cloud Infrastructure, ORACLE Database Technologies

Amazon AWS RDS, PostgreSQL, EC2, S3, ELB, RDS, IAM, Route 53, VPC,
Auto scaling, Cloud Front Cloud Watch, Cloud Trail, PostgreSQL, AWS Amazon Aurora, SNS, SQS, DMS, SCT

ORACLE Apps: ORACLE Applications 12.2.7, 11i (11.5.x, 11.5.10.2,), 11.03, 10.7
Sys Admin, OLTP, Data Warehousing applications, Apache

Databases ORACLE Enterprise Server 7.x, 8.0.x and 8i, 9i releases, 10g releases,11g, 12c, 19c, Redshift, NoSQL, PostgreSQL
3rd Party Tools Fax Manager, Integra 5.2, Xign, Read Soft

DBA Tools ORACLE Enterprise Manager, ORACLE Management Server,
ORACLE 8i Standby, ORACLE Stats pack, Toad, SQL navigator,
Iwatch, ORACLE Export & Import.

Environment SUN SOLARIS 5.8, HP-UX 10.2/11.0, LINUX,SCO UNIX, MS
WINDOWS NT / 2000, Red Hat Linux Enterprise Server,
IBM –AIX RS 6000.

Servers SUN Ultra Enterprise Class Servers (up to E10000), SUN
Workstation Servers, HP V Class, HP K Class, HP 9000 Servers,
Intel based servers, Dell Quad Core E53102x Servers

Web Servers ORACLE Web Application Server, Netscape Enterprise Server,
Apache HTTP Server and Oracle Enterprise Server.

CASE Tools ORACLE Designer 2000 1.3.2 & 2.1.2

Software ORACLE 7.x/8.0/8i,9i, 9iAS, SQL*plus, PL/SQL, SQL*Loader, JAVA, Python

Languages PL/SQL, and UNIX Shell Scripts.

Education

MBA (Marketing) from Annamalai University in 1997.
B.Sc (Physics) from Manonmaniam Sundarnar University in 1995.

Summary of Experience

Enterprise Holdings, O’Fallon, MO January 2015 – Till Date
Senior AWS Data Engineer / Oracle DBA

Participated in deep architectural discussions to build confidence and ensure customer success when building new and migrating existing applications, software, and services on the AWS platform.
Implemented Dev-Ops process in Sage maker and GitHub enterprise integration
Planning and designing the cloud infrastructure with AWS
Maintaining and deploying the cloud applications
Troubleshooting and resolving issues with the cloud infrastructure
Implement the applications CI/CD pipeline using the AWS CI/CD stack.
Written infrastructure as code using CloudFormation.
Written infrastructure as code (IaC) using CloudFormation or Terraform.
Migrated On Prem Oracle Databases to AWS Cloud Aurora PostgreSQL using AWS SCT and DMS tools
Worked on creating data marts and database objects to power BI reporting.
Worked on creating snowflake schema, hierarchies and changing dimensions.
created Quick Sight dashboards can be accessed from any device, and seamlessly embedded into your applications, portals, and websites.
Proactively monitor resources and applications using AWS Cloud Watch including creating alarms to monitor metrics such as EBS, EC2, ELB, RDS, S3, SNS and configured.
notifications for the alarms generated based on events defined.
Develops technical plans and roadmaps.
Supporting Bill Delivery & Rental finance applications running in Oracle 19c
Analyzed, developed, and executed a plan to migrate eligible applications from on premise to a cloud solution.
Proposed and documented system designs that meet or exceed current business requirements.
Deployed and administered AWS Redshift, columnar data lake, and SQL query engines.
Automated provisioning, operation, monitoring and troubleshooting of the database and data lake infrastructure.
Provided consistent database maintenance, optimization, and best practices inputs to existing databases
participated in Disaster Recovery (DR) planning and execution with RPO/RTO objectives and SLAs.
participated in Disaster Recovery (DR) planning and execution with RPO/RTO objectives and SLAs. Hands-on experience with Amazon EC2, Amazon S3, Amazon RDS, VPC, IAM, Amazon Elastic Load Balancing, Auto Scaling, Cloud Front, CloudWatch, SNS, SES, SQS and other services of the AWS family.
Automation of day-to-day activities like cloning, disaster recovery, user management, enhancing monitoring, and capacity management
Securing the application components and databases at each layer
Worked on AWS Oracle databases for App migration into private cloud.
Worked on AWS Database Migration Services for migrating data from Oracle to RDS.
Selecting appropriate AWS services to design and deploy an application based on given requirements.
Implementing cost control strategies.
Setting up /Managing CDN on Amazon Cloud Front to improve site performance.
worked on creating, deploying, and maintaining Data Warehouse Dimensional Models in Redshift
configured and tuning Redshift Data Warehouses for fast performance with externally hosted BI Tools
Implementing cost control strategies.
Setting up /Managing CDN on Amazon Cloud Front to improve site performance.
data mapping from Oracle to Teradata. And making the data to be batch processing using distributed computing.
worked on High-Availability, Fault Tolerance, Scalability, Database Concepts, System and Software Architecture, Security and IT Infrastructure.
Lead onshore & offshore service delivery functions to ensure end-to-end ownership of incidents and service requests
Installed, Configured, troubleshoot and support GoldenGate Replication between different version of Oracle Database and across GoldenGate releases.
Performed database administration, production support, installation, configuration, upgrades, patches, migration, backup and recovery, performance tuning, and cloning on the above said versions.
Install setup and configured oracle enterprise manager cloud control 12c /19c as a tool of administration, performance tuning, monitoring, alerts and also OEM grid control 11g/12c.
Implemented Stream, Golden Gates for Active-Active Replication between databases
Installed and configured Goldengate unidirectional replication
Participated in the database upgrade from 12c to 19c

Monsanto Company, 800 N. Lindbergh Blvd, Missouri June 2012 to December 2014

24/7 maintenance of over 30 Production and 20 Test Databases incl. Exadata, RAC, Standby with ASM
Patched Production Exadata with 6 RAC db_nodes: Grid and Oracle Homes
Run and viewed Exacheck, Remote Diagnostic Agent (RDA), SunDiag, AWR/ASH reporting
BUGs fixing: memory issues, wrong queries, deadlocks, session terminations
Worked with development team to determine system data management requirements.
Participated in capacity planning, trend analysis, performance forecasting exercises and proposed recommendations to meet the ongoing performance and scalability demands.

Forest Pharmaceuticals January 2011 – June 2012

Worked as Associate Manager – Database Operations & Application Support, responsibilities include outsourcing, Offshore Management, production support, offshore coordination, project management.

Contracts & Negotiation – Vendor Selection Management, Offshore Management
Project Planning, - the detailed definition of work breakdown structures, task definition and resource allocation, using tools such as MS Project.
Project tracking, - based on detailed activity/progress reporting and routine reporting schedules using task online.
Project Scope Management and Change Control procedures
Project Risk Assessment including the use of risk-based scheduling Quality Assurance Procedures.
Project Status Reporting based on Earned Value graphs with supporting narratives.
Ensured that objectives were accomplished in accordance with outlined priorities.
Excel at communicating with stakeholders to provide accurate reporting and information regarding the ongoing projects and initiatives.
Experienced in coordinating, negotiating and motivating outside vendors and offshore resources in support of timeline and IT project deliverables.
Effectively training, motivating, and mentoring onsite and offshore engineers, developers and technicians
Identify and proactively respond to potential system problems. Troubleshoot and correct any problems that affect operation of Oracle Databases and application environments.
Research and implement upgrades to the systems and ensure smooth inter-operation with all versions of the software.
Delegated responsibilities and designed time schedules.
Reviewed project status reports during each operational phase.

Monsanto Company, 800 N. Lindbergh Blvd, Missouri September 2009 to January 2011

Lead Implementation DBA for Monsanto Company and following are the responsibilities
Worked as Lead Implementation DBA in a 12-person DBA team supporting business requirement for new implementation projects.
Evaluated and designed architecture solution for backend database environments and web-based systems in order to support business, technical, and service-level objectives.
Conducted technical reviews of all new projects and enhancements to existing installed base to assess impact to existing and future architecture plans.
Maintained up-to-date knowledge of technology standards, industry trends, emerging technologies, and software development best practices. Performed proof-of-concept evaluations to assess capabilities and appropriate fit within architecture.

MasterCard International, O’Fallon, MO February 2006 – September 2009
Lead - Applications DBA

Achievements: - MasterCard has awarded “High Five” award for the Sun Solaris Upgrade, 3rd Party tools Applimation Upgrade and for the best production Support award for the year 2008.

As a Lead Oracle Application DBA at one of the largest Credit Card Companies in the world, my job managing the Oracle Application/Oracle Databases delivery team of 7 staff and responsibility for the Oracle Application database environments & Third Party tools. This role is a varied role comprising managing the systems, advising on strategy, advising the business on best use of technology, ensuring the business meets its objectives through effective use of deployed systems, business continuity - managing the day to day business and ensuring that MasterCard International retains its competitive advantage through effective use of its infrastructure.

Responsibilities:-

Worked as Senior applications DBA / OFA – Oracle Express Administrator, Hyperion – Essbasse Administrator at MasterCard for E-Business Suite 11.5.9
Responsible for designing the Technical architecture, operational planning, conducting reviews and meeting with management, developers & users.
Planning and designing databases, applications including designing local structures and forecasting further expansions (CAPACITY PLANNING).
Seasonal Unix Administrator at MasterCard.
Worked in the development enhancements.
Worked on the preliminary upgrade from 11.5.7 to 11.5.9 for the development environment
Responsible for the implementation if i-Supplier, i-Expenses (iDMZ), SSL Implementation.
Worked in the customization of context file.
Involved in laying out the filesystem for the database.
Extensively involved in the physical design of the databases.
Extensively involved in patching and tuning the Oracle Application.
Used ERWIN for logical database planning.
SRDF for the business continuity, responsible for taking backup in the Virtual TSM and to the tapes.
Used shell scripting for scheduling backup, rebuilding indexes, reorg tables.
Proactive shell scripting for tables reaching maximum extents, concurrent programs reaching more than 500 count, validating the backup.
Involved in the Sun Solaris upgrade from 5.8 to 5.10
Good Co-ordination with unix System Administrators and Network Administrators to achieve zero down time and better server performance.
Implemented Security administration by creating of roles, views and granting the necessary object/system privileges for users.
Good in Unix Shell script for application and database batch jobs to schedule through cronjob.
3rd party tools upgrade, Integra from Version 4.5 to 5.
Responsible for business continuity SRDF process to fail over at Kansas City.
Scheduled backups in crontab and in TSM
Monitoring & Tuning database performance using Statpack, sqltxplain and OEM/TOAD for optimization of resource utilization on server.
Managing multiple Production and Development Oracle Applications environments of different releases.
Responsible for patching, cloning the existing Oracle E-Business Suite.
Supporting the following modules GL, AR, AP, FA, OM, Project Accounting.
Responsible for supporting 3rd party tools like Applimation, FAX Manager, GL Wand.
Good understanding of the 11i architecture and the various Application tier and Database tier components: underlying objects, schemas/products, database objects, file system structure, tables, views, packages, procedures, sequences, indexes, and constraints.
Worked as a full Applications 11i lifecycle support.
Experience with cloning Test and Development environments from Production Oracle Applications environment, AD utilities and patching Techniques.
Experience working with Oracle Support, opening, managing, and resolving Oracle TARs.
Support activities like monitoring the alerts, responding to service tickets and preventative maintenance. Capacity Planning Metrics & on-Call Support and 24/7 Support.
Applications System Administration and Troubleshooting.
Worked extensively in Concurrent Processing tuning, Debugging Concurrent Managers and requests, Define and manage database and Applications security.
Experienced and in-depth understanding of Oracle backup and recovery methodologies, Strong skills in RMAN
Experienced in database reorganization, migration, planning capacity, Disaster Recovery
Using RMAN to configure and register the catalog for the Oracle Application Databases.
Architect, Establish and maintain sound manual/RMAN backup, recovery procedures, database security and standard guidelines.
Strong in depth experience in database performance tuning, SQL tuning.
Knowledge of JDBC, Oracle Networking (Net8).
Managing 10+ 7x24 Oracle databases.
Performed clones, upgrades, migrations, installed new applications and the underlying Oracle databases, established users accounts and security.
Working in various 3rd party tools like Applimation, Xign, STR (FAX Manager) & GL Wand
Successfully upgraded the Applimation from 4.8 to 5.1
The size of the database varies from 1 Tera Bytes to 1.5 Tera Bytes

Environment : Sun Solaris 5.10, Oracle Application 11.5.9, Oracle 10g, ERWIN, TSM, Applimation, STR, FAXMGR, GLWand, OFA – Oracle Express adminstrator, Hyperrion – Essbase Administration

Oracle Corporation, India, Bangalore February 2004 to January 2006
Oracle Apps DBA/Oracle DBA

Worked as a senior Oracle Application DBA/Oracle DBA for one of the worlds leading software development Company “Oracle India Pvt Ltd”. Performed outstanding project planning, execution, monitoring and resource balancing skills with ability to support multiple simultaneous projects in a matrix organizational structure.

Responsibilities:

Provided support, administration, design and implementation of Oracle Databases and Oracle Application environments that reside within America & Europe.
Experienced in database reorganization, migration, planning capacity, Disaster Recovery
Strong in depth experience in database performance tuning, SQL tuning.
Database size ranges from 60 GB to 1000 GB.
Backup strategy planning and implementation for Oracle Database and Oracle Application environments.
Disaster Recovery planning and implementation for Oracle Database and Oracle Application environments Provide after hour and on-call support, which includes beeper coverage.
Identify and proactively respond to potential system problems. Troubleshoot and correct any problems that affect operation of Oracle Databases and Oracle Application environments.
Research and implement upgrades to the systems and ensure smooth inter-operation with all versions of the software.
Evaluating, testing and reporting on new versions and technologies for Oracle Databases and Oracle Application environments.
Work with the worldwide team to implement pro-active monitoring systems to ensure availability and uptime.
Assist other IT departments in the support of Oracle Databases and Oracle Application environments.
Develop and maintain documentation of the Oracle Databases and Oracle Application environments.

British Telecom Plc, United Kingdom April 2003 to January 2004
Senior Applications DBA

Worked as a Senior Oracle Application DBA for one of the worlds leading Communication Company. BT Conferencing is a division of BT Retail and BT Conferencing is providing audio, video and web-based remote meeting services, supported by BT's global networking infrastructure, ensuring reliability and scalability. The position involves onsite / offshore model and activities which includes managing the Oracle Application/Oracle Databases delivery team of 4 staff and responsibility for the Database environments. This role is a varied role comprising management of the systems, advising on strategy, advising the business on best use of technology, ensuring the business meets its objectives through effective use of deployed systems, business continuity - managing the day-to-day interface between the DBA/Unix/ERP/CRM teams and the rest of the business and generally ensuring that BTC retains its competitive advantage through effective use of its infrastructure.

Responsibilities: -

Analyze and evaluate current database environment, develop and implement 'best practices' plans for upgrade and support an 11.5.9 environment & Databases for Bespoke Applications like TCICS (Tele conferencing Integrated Computing systems), Pricing Engine & Data Collector.
Responsible for upgrading the BT environment from 11.5.3 to 11.5.7
Worked as a DBA lead in a 3-person DBA team supporting developers and end-users.
Database upgrade from 8.1.7.3 to 8.1.7.4.Import & export of schemas.Patching in Bespoke Applications.
Responsible for designing the Technical architecture, operational planning, conducting reviews and meeting with management, developers & users.
Managing 10+ 7x24 Oracle databases.
Work with the client through a series of meetings to figure out problems, issues & as well as to set Goals.
Break down the problem: With the team, break the problem down into discreet parts, assign tasks, and develop hypotheses about the issue to provide a framework for the problem solving process.
Performed clones, upgrades, migrations, installed new applications and the underlying Oracle databases, established users accounts and security.
The size of the database varies from 160GB to 500GB.
Worked with cross-functional teams to analyze business problems and define business requirements.
Responsible for Capacity planning and database reorganizations.
Responsible for Backup, Patch Management.
Ensured that the database was failover capable from an operational and procedural standpoint.

Environment: - IBM RS/6000 AIX 4.3.3, Oracle Applications (11.5.5), Oracle 8.1.7.4
Achievements: Oracle application Upgrade from 11.5.5 to 11.5.9

Coram Health Care Inc, Bannock Burn, IL, USA February 2001 to October 2002
Applications DBA

Worked as an Oracle application DBA/Oracle DBA in one of the leading therapy company. Coram is a leader of comprehensive infusion care, providing therapies and services to high acuity, complex, and often chronically ill patients. Coram’s other programs are services support the care of many patients, including nutritional therapies, pre and post transplant, chronic disorders.

Responsibilities: -

Analyzing the business process and operational procedures and documentation of the same.
The production database is of 100GB.
Actively participated in the streamlining and reengineering of business practices across various units in order to implement various Oracle modules.
Participated in the analysis of detailed project scope documents for purpose of establishing a thorough test approach and plan.
Responsible for the planning of physical and logical database design.
Written Shell script for logical backup of the database.
Responsible for the automation of the archive processes.
Responsible for Running Batch jobs and the transformation of the data from legacy system to Oracle financial database.
Developing BI reports daily, weekly, Monthly using Cognos power play cubes.
Worked on a cross-functional team between VAX VMS and Oracle financials.
Written various reports in powerhouse applications.
Performing the application and database tuning.
Planning the database according to OFA standards.
Written reports as per the user request in Reports 2.5
Applying the patches.
Rebuilding the indexes.

Environment: IBM RS/6000 AIX 4.3.3,VAX VMS, Power House, Cogons power play cubes, Oracle 7.3.4,Oracle Financials 10.7

Achievements: Vendor Selection Management, Business Re Engineering process

Apar InfoTech Services, Singapore August 2000 - February 2001
Oracle DBA

Worked as a Database Administrator for a world-class integrated land systems group, ST Kinetics. ST Kinetics provides design and engineering services for military vehicles, weapons systems and munitions ranging from Design, development and customization of new products like Manufacturing, system integration and testing. Upgrading and technology insertion. Life cycle management including inspection, servicing and logistics support. Facility and training support management. Technology transfer including turnkey production facilities.

Responsibilities: -

Lead technical architect responsible for the technical, benchmark co-ordination of ST Kinetics database.
Tuning kernel, rewriting SQL and performance other database activities.
The size of the database is 350GB.
Ensured that the database was failover capable from an operational and procedural standpoint.
Upgraded the database from 7.3.4 to 8.0.5.Environment: HP-UX 9000 series, Oracle 7.3.4

Mannai Corporation W.L.L (Alliance Partner for Oracle Corporation),
Doha, Qatar August 1999 - August 2000

Qatar Telecom

Oracle Applications upgrade from 10.7 to 11.0.3. Qatar telecom is one of the biggest clients for Mannai Corporation. Worked as a part of the team member in the upgrade of Oracle application from release 10.7 to 11.0.3 using rapid One hour Install for the biggest client Qatar Telecom.

Responsibilities

Planning the Multi-tier architecture and Installation of Oracle 8.0.5.1, Developer/2000 Server 1.6.1, JDBC drivers, Java Runtime Environment and Oracle Web Server 3.0.2.
Creation of Oracle 8 Database for Oracle Application R11 Installation with appropriate product specific parameters.
Database Configuration/Tuning with Oracle Apps Parameters and setting up of NET8 for connectivity.
Planning the architecture to install product files includes various parameters and environmental setup in OS.
Preparing the database by applying various prerequisite patches in Oracle Server, Developer Server and Oracle Web Server. Installation & Trouble shooting of various product of Oracle Application Release 11.0.3
As part of the POST Install activities Configuration of Web Server, Java Cartridge, Database Access Descriptor, Developer 2000 metrics server for load balancing.
Setting up of Concurrent Manager Server and Configuration of Report review agent for browsing the report from the Java applet client.
All these above tasks include the co-ordination with Oracle Corporation to get the latest patches based on the Installation bug list and ensuring the certification of the product.
Planned the backup strategies and made the database from fail over.
The size of the database is 120GB.

Environnent : -Sun Solaris 2.6, Oracle 8.x, Oracle Financial 10.7, 11.0.3.

Mannai Trading Company is the alliance partner for Oracle Corporation in the state of Qatar (Middle East). Mannai Corporation is involved in oil exploration, trading, and constructions. Other than that as a partner for oracle corporation Mannai is supporting companies like Qatar Telecom, QGPC, Ministry of finance, Ministry of Municipal and Agriculture, Diwan Amiri (His Highness of Qatar), Qatar University, Almana Nissan company, Almana partners, Talib Trading company.

As a Database Administrator for Mannai, my responsibilities are: -

I am responsible for the tuning, maintenance of the Oracle Financials database, workshop database.
Written various backup scripts for the database.
Tuning includes application tuning in reports etc.
Lead technical architect responsible for the technical, benchmark co-ordination of Mannai’s Oracle Financials Application
Created a reporting server database, which was used to generate the daily and month-end performance.
Adding indexes reconfiguring the datafiles placement.
Tuning kernel, rewriting SQL and performance other database activities.
System consists of 50 GBytes of storage in Alpha Digital environment.
Created backup and recovery procedures. Ensured that the database was failover capable from an operational and procedural standpoint.
The size of the database is 25GB.

Environment: -Digital Unix 4.x, Oracle 8I, 8x, 7x. Developer 2000,Reports 2.4,Shell Scripts.

Accel Computers Limited, Chennai, India September 1998 - August 1999
Bangalore India

Bharath Heavy Electricals Limited is one of the premier companies in India providing boilers and manufacturing the electric trains .To Provide Oracle Consulting services focusing on database administration. The focus of the consulting to Bharath Heavy Electrical Limited was to migrate the existing database from Oracle 6.0 to Oracle 7.3.

Responsibilities include: -

Database creation, performance tuning, system integration, enterprise infrastructure and standard with special emphasis on Oracle 8 administration and automation.
Worked in a distributed environment of large databases of 100GB.
I have been the administrator for 6 production databases (Aix 4.2(2), Solaris 2.6(2), and HP-UX 10.2(2) platforms) with sizes ranging from 30GB to 55GB.
At peak time there will be 50-60 concurrent sessions in each database, using two phase commit mechanism using distributed options.
I have been a full time database administrator for Oracle 8 on IBM RS/6000(AIX 4.2) dual node HACMP cluster and SUN ULTRA E3000 (Solaris 2.6) The users were organized properly having the data tablespaces and index tablespaces.

Environment: -VAX VMS Versions ranging from 4.6 6.1,Sun Solaris 2.6, HP- UX 10.2, IBM RS/6000(AIX 4.2), Oracle 6,Oracle 7.3

Accel Computers Limited, Chennai, India May 1997 - Aug 1997
Associate Executive Systems

Actively participated in the designing of the application DDIES for the Directorate of Distance Education for Annamalai University. Responsible for the creation of the database and implemented the system successfully. Immediately improved the performance of the database by tuning the SGA, adding indexes and manipulating the order in which the batch programs are invoked. PCP Module. Annamalai University is providing best education as a service to the students under Distance Education. Deputed as a Database Administrator to Bajaj Electricals Limited Coimbatore. Responsible for the conversion from FoxPro to Oracle 7.3,the applications were designed by Bajaj Electricals in Mumbai in Visual Basic .the task assigned to me is to create the database for their application and loading the data from FoxPro to Oracle. The application is a kind of ERP, which involves Sales, Inventory and Finance. As pre tuning the operating system memory was set high.
Environment: -Sun Solaris 2.6.Oracle 7.3, Developer 2000, Forms 4.5,Reports 2.5

Calisys Technology Ltd November 1996 - May 1997
Chennai, India

Job Profile: As a junior DBA and Developer I was responsible for the maintenance of the existing users for all applications developed for MGM. I was actively involved in the designing of the structures of the table & storage management .as well as I was involved in the designing of the Library Information System for Annamalai University. I have developed some applications in Forms 4.5 Annamalai University Library. I was a active member in the development. The tasks assigned to me were allocation module, allocation of funds from the university to the central library. The funds will be allocated to various departments according to their requirements.
Environment: -Sun Solaris 2.6.Oracle 7.3, Developer 2000, Forms 4.5, Reports 2.5, N.T
Contact this candidate