EXPERIENCE
A highly qualified, goal-oriented IT professional with 7 plus years of experience in Microsoft SQL Server Database Administration including performance analysis, database design, security, and maintenance. Well versed in development and support of Microsoft SQL Server 2019 / 2017 / 2016 / 2014/ 2012 / 2008R2 and Windows server 2016 / 2012 / 2012R2 / 2008R2 / 2008 Enterprise server, Microsoft Visual Studio, and third-party tools, ServiceNow, Remedy Redgate in 24x7x365 environments including production, development, testing, cluster and replication server.
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Installed and configured SQL server services in standalone and clustered environments.
Worked on SQL Server licensing options and optimization based on server requirements.
Developed various aspects of database creation conversion and modification.
Implemented group-level security using windows group account.
Involved in Transparent Data Encryption (TDE) For security purpose and data protection.
Experienced in SQL server Reporting service (SSRS) installation configuration and maintenance using visual studio.
Expertise in implementing different types of high availability and disaster recovery mechanisms such as Log shipping, database mirroring clustering and always on availability group setup and configuration.
Expertise in managing and running SQL server on VM aware machines.
Evaluated and advised a new hardware and software for purchase.
Designed backup and recovery procedures for database security recoverability.
Planned and executed database consolidation on multiple and single instances.
Involved in designing and implementing backend database storage for application installation as per the requirements of the application installation document.
Migrated numerous databases across multiple environments while coordinating with different teams.
Extensive experience in creating and modifying stored procedures, indexes, views, triggers, cursers, and functions to meet business requirements.
Worked on database replication to improve the availability and consistency of data.
Hands on experience in supporting Azure migrating database to Azure cloud.
Extensive experience in creating and modifying stored procedures, index, views, triggers, cursers, and function to meet business requirements.
Functions successfully within a high-pressure environment to meet deadlines.
Strong mathematical and statistical knowledge.
Impeccable attention to detail.

WORK EXPERIENCE

SQL Database Administrator September 2020 – Current
CloudPark Hartford, CT.
Perform and schedule backups using backup and data compression.
Design and implement database backup and restore policies.
Creates incident (ICM) related performance analysis and reporting for review by IT management.
SQL Server upgrades and migration from lower versions to SQL Server higher versions 2014/2016/2017/2019.
Build and maintain project documentation and troubleshooting guides.
Maintain referential integrity, domain integrity, and column integrity, considering all available options and impact.
Create SQL server database configuration parameters for SQL server high availability and disaster recovery solutions, AlwaysOn availability groups, mirroring, replication, log shipping, and failover clustering.
Coordinated and reviewed database changes for system impact and capacity planning.
Automate routine maintenance tasks using PowerShell.
Monitor system’s health and performance.
Assist developers with query tuning and schema refinement.
SQL Server DBA September 2017 – February 2020
Radiant Oil & Gas, Inc. Houston, TX
Maintained the integrity and performance of databases and making sure the data is stored securely and optimally.
Installation and configuration and apply service packs and hotfixes.
Upgrade databases from SQL Server 2008R to 2016 in line with application requirements and version support.
SQL Server Security Auditing, hardening, and remediation.
Set up SQL Server database configuration parameters.
Worked on SQL Server High Availability and Disaster Recovery solutions: AlwaysOn, Availability Groups, Failover Clustering, Mirroring, and Replication.
Maintained referential integrity, domain integrity, and column integrity by using the available options such as constraints.
Experienced in using ticketing tools like remedy and service now to support day to day activates.
Participated in capacity planning and review database changes for system.
Junior SQL Database Administrator July 2015 - August 2017
UnitedHealth Group Minnetonka, MN
Performed backup using backup compression and Data compression in Server 2008R2 on clustered environment.
Maintaining referential integrity, domain integrity and column integrity by using the available options such as constraints.
Administrated and managed the SQL Server 2008R2, 2005 production.
Build dashboards, reports using SQL, or other visualization tools.
Build project documentation and troubleshooting guides.
Participated in capacity planning and review database changes for system impact.
Implemented high availability and disaster recovery setup on the various servers using windows clustering, replication, log-shipping, database mirroring and AlwaysOn Availability Group setup.
Implemented and tested the point in time recovery of the production databases.
Worked on database refresh by taking backup from production database to development servers.
Build project documentation and troubleshooting guides
Junior SQL Server Database Administrator December 2013 - May 2015
Silicon Labs Austin, TX
Build project documentation and troubleshooting guide
Maintaining the integrity and performance of databases and make sure the data is stored securely and optimally.
Database and Server Decommission and Consolidations.
Responsible for MS SQL Server 2000,2005 and 2008 and upgrades the servers.
Installation and configuration and apply service packs and hot fixes.
Upgrade databases from lower to higher SQL Server in line with application requirements and version support,
SQL Server Security Auditing, hardening and remediation. Set up SQL Server database configuration parameters.
SQL Server High Availability and Disaster Recovery solutions- Always on Availability Groups, Failover Clustering, Mirroring, Log Shipping, Replication Involved in scheduling the reports to run on daily and weekly basis in Report Manager.
Maintaining referential integrity, domain integrity and column integrity by using the available options such as constraints.
Design and Implement Database Backup and Restore policies.
Automate routine maintenance tasks using PowerShell.
Build project documentation and troubleshooting guides.
Participated in capacity planning and review database changes for system impact.
Performed backup using backup compression and data compression in SQL server databases on clustered environment.
Worked on database refresh by taking backup from production database to development servers.

EDUCATION

Bachelors in computer Science - Mekelle University Mek’ele, Ethiopia

References available upon request.
Contact this candidate