RAGHU MUTYAM
adujae@r.postjobfree.com
703-***-****
Experience:

17+ Years of database administration, consulting, and support of Oracle products

Education:
BS, Engineering, Osmania Univ.
MSIS, Minot Sate Univ.
QUALIFICATION SUMMARY:
Overall 21+ years of experience in development, database administration, cloud technologies, consulting and support of several Oracle products including RDBMS, Oracle Applications, data warehousing and Enterprise Manager. Additionally, worked on the design, development, testing, and production of very large databases (terabytes) and thousands of users with a high number of concurrent transactions. Main areas of expertise include data center support, data modeling, database architecture design, data marts, creating systems for high availability, performance optimization, web applications, N-tier Architecture applications and hands-on experience in PL/SQL coding, UNIX Shell scripting and CRON jobs.
SKILLS:
Languages/Frameworks: SQL, T-SQL, PL/SQL, C, Pro*C, COBOL, Java, XML, Java Script, Perl, HTML,
Python2.5, Unix Shell Scripting

Databases: Oracle 7/8i/9i/10g/11g/12c/19c, RMAN, Data Guard, ASM, MySQL5.5/8.0, MS SQL Server 2000/2005/2008/2016, Postresql8.1/9.1/9.6/12.1, Oracle Berkeley DB XML 2.3, MS Access, DB2

Productivity Packages: Oracle Enterprise Manager 10g/11g/12c/13c, SQL Server Management Studio 17, MySQL Workbench, Enterprise DB, Foglight4, Space Manager 6.5, Spotlight, pgAdmin 4

Application Servers: Oracle Fusion Middleware 11g/12c, JBoss4.3, Oracle 9iAS/10gAS, I-planet, Apache Tomcat 6, Oracle WebLogic Server7/8/9/10/12c, IIS 6/7

ERP: Oracle Applications 11i

IDE & Tools: Toad8.6/9.1/12.1/13.1/14.1, SQL*Loader, SQL Developer, SQL Navigator, Erwin 7, Designer2000/6i, Developer2000/6i, Oracle BI Discoverer 11g, Visual SourceSafe5.0, IBM CSP3.7/4.1, Rational ClearCase, MS Visio, PVCS, Kayako, JIRA, Service Now

Operating Systems: Solaris 2.6/2.7/2.8/2.9/2.10/11, Redhat Linux 4/7, Windows 95/NT/2000/XP/7/10, AIX 4.3, HP-UX11i, HP Tur64, MVS-ES9000

Certifications:
Oracle Certified Associate DBA
Oracle Cloud Infrastructure Foundations 2021 Certified Associate
Oracle Cloud Infrastructure 2019 Certified Architecture Associate
Oracle Cloud Infrastructure 2019 Architect Professional
Oracle Autonomous Database Cloud 2021 Certified Specialist
Oracle Cloud Infrastructure 2019 Cloud Operations Associate
AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner

EXPERIENCE CHRONOLOGY:
November 2007 – Present
Senior Oracle DBA, NOAA, MD
Provided Oracle DBA Support at the NOAA Information Technology Center with databases ranging from 7.3 through, the latest, 19c versions. Installed, upgraded, and patched databases Oracle 9i, 10g and 12c, refreshed and cloned databases per customer requirements using RMAN and Data Pump. Additional duties include:
Lead the database administrators’ team and technical experts in terms of database and middleware technology design, tuning, configuration, troubleshooting, and building
Migrated 19c databases from on-premise to AWS Cloud
Deployed and supported application code in production, development, and test environments.
Developed SQL, and PL/SQL code as per business requirements
Supported Oracle Forms and Reports modules in both Test and Production environments
Prepared necessary technical documentation to support database migration, installation, and setup of new application environments.
Coordinated with System Administrators, Network Administrators, and developers to deploy new systems.
Monitored databases and Application Servers using OEM Grid/Cloud Control and Quest Software products such as Foglight, Spotlight and Space Manager.
Worked with My Oracle Support to identify database and application server issues and implemented solutions or workarounds accordingly.
Applied security, CPU, emergency, and one-off patches as needed.
Enabled database auditing across all database environments to implement security.
Troubleshooted and resolved database and/or application problems encountered by end users.
Planned for system growth and monitoring capacity usage for new hardware or software requirements while communicating these capacity requirements to management.
Planned and implemented backup and restore using export/import/data pump, RMAN and OS commands while scheduling jobs for backup and recovery.
Effectively used advisories in OEM console to resolve and improve performance of SQL and PL/SQL code.
Installed, configured, and managed MS SQL Server database systems.
Deployed .net application code to IIS.
Expertise in creating Oracle Tables, Table Partitions, Views, and Materialized Views.
Developed SQL scripts and PL/SQL stored procedures utilizing advanced features.
Excellent experience in managing Very Large Databases (VLDB).
Experience in replication using Oracle Data Guard, and Materialized Views.
Installed, configured, and supported MasterCard EMS application for Department Of Commerce.
Migrated databases from file system to ASM and vice versa.
Installed, configured, and supported Oracle Fusion Middleware 11g environment for MARS application.
Upgraded existing 11g databases to version 12c and later to version 19c.
Implemented Data Guard/Standby database.
Upgraded OEM 11g Grid Control to 12c Cloud Control and later onto 13c Cloud Control environment.
Installed, configured, and administered Oracle BI Discoverer 11g for Bank Card Application.
Deployed code and supported development requests of MySQL, PHP application.
June 2007 – November 2007
Senior Oracle DBA/Developer, USPTO, VA
Migrated 9i databases to 10g and was involved in the data modeling discussions where I prepared both logical and physical data models. Additionally, developed scripts to convert the existing data into the new database model, developed synchronization scripts that copied data among old and new databases, tuned and optimized the performance of SQL and PL/SQL packages, and effectively used PL/SQL advance features, such as collections, ref cursors, dynamic SQL, and bulk loading.
December 2003 – June 2007
Senior Oracle DBA, Proxicom/iCrossing, VA
Responsible for performing the migration of databases from 8i to 9i and later, to 10g. Migrated schemas from development to pre-production to production databases. Additionally:
Developed shell scripts to take care of daily refresh in the development environment with data from production instances.
Developed scripts to load data into production instance based on business requirements.
Installed and configured Oracle databases (8i, 9i and 10g) and tools on UNIX and NT platforms.
Was involved in the capacity planning process and database sizing.
Set up Production instance.
Set up Physical and logical standby databases in the production environment.
Was involved in requirements gathering, developing both logical and physical data models.
Developed database triggers and stored procedures and high-performance SQL queries.
Troubleshoot and provided support on production issues.
Tested and prepared implementation documents plan for migrating databases from 9i to 10g using DBUA and manual process.
Was responsible for performance tuning of production and development databases.
Analyzed existing data model, applied normalization rules, and recommended changes.
Was responsible for troubleshooting (Monitor Locks, number of sessions, and more).
Developed scripts to monitor index growth and rebuilt bitmap indexes when necessary.
Installed and set up JBoss application server.
Evaluated Oracle 11g beta versions for XML DB, XPATH and XQUERY support.
Developed and optimized XML Xqueries.
Provided production support for PostgreSQL databases.
March 2003 – December 2003
Oracle Developer, Alcoa/Fairchild Fasteners, CA
Responsibilities include:
Resolving service requests by effectively interacting with users.
Making sure that daily, periodic updates are run properly, and data is correctly populated into the discoverer reports.
Creating business areas, EUL and taking care of the Discoverer administration.
Developing Discoverer reports according to the user’s requirements.
Nov 2002 – Jan 2003
Oracle Developer, Oracle Corp (WCTPS), CA
Responsibilities included logical data modeling and physical database design, object model database design, and the tuning of SQL queries and PL/SQL packages. Also involved in the Data Loading process from the existing legacy system into Oracle8i database. Additionally:
Developed PL/SQL packages which served as business objects for Java J2EE applications
Developed Oracle Forms and Reports modules as part of the development effort

March 2002 – October 2002
Oracle Developer, Sector7, TX
Provided technical support for system developers with designing, tuning, and deploying schemas. Responsible for the creation of database indexes on certain tables to improve query performance after thoroughly testing in the development environment. Additionally:
Designed Oracle database models and schema objects such as tables, indexes, synonyms, database links, packages, procedures, and views.
Used SQL*Loader to load batch data.
Transferred parts of database table among different machines with Oracle EXPORT/IMPORT utility.
Performed daily performance and monitoring of the database.
Converted legacy VMS Procedures to Shell Scripts and loaded the data from flat files.
Was involved in the analysis of the existing legacy system as well as implementing the same functionality using Forms6i and Reports6i.
October 2001 – January 2002
Oracle Developer, ASRS, AZ
During this time, my responsibilities included development of PL/SQL stored procedures, Oracle Forms, and Reports.
October 1999 – September 2001
Oracle Developer, Tomax Corp Inc., UT
Responsible for requirements study and analysis of the JUSCO client and was involved in the data modeling process. Developed interface packages to write POS transactions into the Retail.net database and developed shell scripts to set up system environment variables. Additionally:
Provided Production Support. Oracle export (EXP) and import (IMP) utilities were used to perform logical database backup and recovery and used to move Oracle data from one machine, database, or schema to another.
Designed, implemented, and tested backup and recovery procedures for oracle applications.
Refreshed Test instances from hot backup of production instance.
Developed PL/SQL Business Objects that worked as an interface between Java based GUI and Oracle database. PL/SQL advanced features like Objects and Collections have been used in developing Business Objects.
Was responsible for the major conversion of products from Developer/2000 to Oracle Developer v6.0, which also involved upgrading Oracle Database from 7.3 to 8.0 and later to 8i. The process also involved making the product totally web compatible.
Was responsible for Database Security and Auditing.
Monitored and managed space requirements of all databases.
Scheduled and monitored background jobs.
Developed database triggers and stored procedures.
Contact this candidate