ORACLE DATABASE ADMINISTRATOR
US CITIZEN
412-***-****
adv3qd@r.postjobfree.com
/in/sanjeev-roy-ba107353

Professional Summary

Reliable, Result Oriented, Dedicated to Problem Solving, Responsible, Trusted & Proactive Oracle Database Administrator with expertise in crisis management, performance tuning, and high availability to increase reliability, maximize productivity and ensure system efficiencies. Adept at all stages of project lifecycle, from business requirements and technical definitions to testing, documentation, production support, training and completion.

Key Competence / Technical Skills
20 years of experience in Oracle DBA and have been involved in Installation, Configuration, Upgrades, Patching, Backup and Recovery, Migration, Memory and Space Management, Cloning, Replication, Reporting, Performance Tuning, RMAN, OEM Grid Control.
Experience working with data warehousing applications, transactional database (OLTP) development, installing, configuring, administering, managing oracle databases, implementing solutions like High Availability (HA), Disaster & Recovery, Cloning, and Database Security.
Experience in a variety of hardware platforms including UNIX/Linux, Sun Solaris, HP-UX & AIX.
Excellent experience and maintaining database including database security, Capacity monitoring and performance tuning (I/O, Memory & SQL Tuning etc.) Using Stats pack, explain plan, Analyze, ADDM, AWR Report and so on. Gathering and analyzing AWR report for troubleshooting purposes.
Good experience in regular Security patching on oracle products and interim patching for various bug fixes on database products.
Expertise in efficient database performance, implement performance optimized recommendations, fix issues and problems. Configuring and creating databases using DBCA.
Extensive experience implementing backup and recovery strategy for disaster recovery using the Oracle backup utility such as RMAN.
Excellent knowledge of SQL*Plus, SQL*Net, SQL*Loader, Enterprise Manager & Performance Tuning Pack.
Hands on experience in Oracle 10g/11g/12c/18c/19c administration and upgrading all Oracle software (10g to 11g),(11g to 12c), (12c to 18 and 19c).
Managing Table/Index segments, Undo Segments, and Constraints.
Planning and scheduling Physical Backups (offline/online) and Logical Backups.
Experience in User Management by Granting, Revoking Privileges according to requirement.
Experience in Space Management by Monitoring and Managing Tablespaces.
Keeping the database up to date by applying the latest CPU and PSU using the OPATCH utility.
Performance Tuning of SQL statements and Database using tools like Explain plan, TKPROF, SQL Analyze, STATSPACK and Dynamic Performance Views.
Experience in Partitioning and creating Global, Local Indexes on Partitioned Tables.
Experience in Administering Oracle Database using Oracle Enterprise Manager, Toad, and PL/SQL Developer.
Monitoring Alert log for any errors and issues.
Communicated and interfaced with Oracle support via Metal-link (support. Oracle) to troubleshoot day-to-day database issues.
Hands on experience working on High Availability Environments.
24 X 7 Production Database on Call Support.
Extensive knowledge on database backup/recovery strategy (RMAN, Export/Import & Data pump), Capacity Planning, Database Cloning, Refresh, and patch management.
Documentation of the work assigned in the environment and stored for the future use.
Strong emphasis on organization and documentations. Excellent interpersonal and strong communication skills (including Presentations). Customer-service oriented attitude and self-motivated, dedicated in any work environment.

SKILL SET

RDBMS
Oracle 9i, 10g Release 1 & 2, 11g Release 1 & 2, 12c, 18c and 19c
LANGUAGES
SQL, PL/SQL
SOFTWARES, APPLICATIONS & TOOLS
DBCA, DBUA, WinSCP (GC), RMAN, SQL*PLUS, SQL*LOADER, EXP, IMP, Data Pump (expdp, impdp), TOAD, Data Modeler, SQL TRACE, EXPLAIN PLAN, AWR, and ADDM, OEM / Grid Control, Goldengate, Replication,Filezilla,Pidgin,Ignite

EDUCATION AND CERTIFICATION

B. Tech in Electrical and Electronics Engineering
Certified Oracle DBA
Certified AWS Practitioner
Currently preparing for AWS Architect Certification.

RELEVANT SKILLS & EXPERIENCE

ENLYTE (Mitchell Genex Coventry) March 2022 – Feb 2023
Senior Oracle Database Administrator
Migrating Data Center Databases from AETNA to AWS Cloud for ENLYTE using DMS Process and Data pump Export/ Import.Database version 19.17.0
Migrated Database ranging from 50 GB to 30 TB.
Managing Oracle Databases on AWS EC2 cloud environment.
Installed,configure Golden Gate version, Classic Type, version 19.1
Performing Quarterly and Monthly Outage Activities in Production environment for system performance.
Experienced in handling tickets related to performance issues.
Monitored the Performance of the migrated databases using Grid Control and features AWR, ADDM, ASH and generated the reports for metric collection and health check of the databases.
Performance tuning and optimization of Oracle applications and databases using AWR reports,
Identify problems and implement solutions, ensure the database is running with optimal efficiency.
PSU patching application on all the environments as and when released by Oracle.
Planning Oracle Database projects assigned to DBA team.
Responsible for setting deadline for project deliverable.

CVS HEALTH 2015 – 2022
Snr. Oracle Database Administrator

Configured and maintained replication using Oracle Golden Gate.
Installed, configured Oracle 10G, 11gr2, and 12c on Linux, AIX
Clone of all Oracle DB instances from PROD to UAT, QA and DEV
Installed, configured, and maintained Oracle 9i/10g/11g/12c Databases on Linux, UNIX, and Windows Platforms.
Installation and Configuration of 11g,12c Grid Control.
Installed OEM Grid Agents on UNIX, LINUX, and Windows for monitoring of production databases.
Setup and maintain RMAN backup and recovery strategy for Single instance Databases.
Worked on Oracle 9i to 10g/11g migration projects with low maintenance window and applied patches to various databases.
Worked on OEM Grid Control 11g and OEM Cloud Control 12c and 13c scheduling and troubleshooting OEM jobs and deploying OEM agents. Scheduling Backup Jobs and troubleshooting failed jobs through OEM GC.
Disaster recovery implementation for high availability.
Worked for Incident & Problem Management and Change Release Management to meet business SLAs (Service Level Agreement).
Monitored the Performance of the migrated databases using grid Control and features AWR, ADDM, ASH and generated the reports for metric collection and health check of the databases.
Work with software vendors and Oracle support to ensure all database and application related issues are resolve timely and efficiently.
Performance tuning and optimization of Oracle applications and databases (Database Buffer cache, Library catch, Dictionary catch) AWR reports, SQL Trace, explain Plan. Identify problems and implement solutions, ensure the database is running at optimum speed and efficiency.
Engineer System Administration-related solutions for various project and operational needs.
Install new / rebuild existing servers and configure hardware, peripherals, services, settings, directories, storage, etc. in accordance with standards and project/operational requirements.
Develop and maintain installation and configuration procedures.
Apply OS patches and upgrades on a regular basis and upgrade administrative tools and utilities. Configure / add new services as necessary.
Perform ongoing performance tuning, hardware upgrades and resource optimization as required and configure CPU, memory, and disk partitions as required.
Perform daily backup operations, ensuring all required file systems and system data are successfully backed up to the appropriate media, recovery tapes or disks are created, and media is recycled and sent off site as necessary.
Provide Tier III/other support per request from various constituencies. Investigate and troubleshoot issues.

AETNA/COVENTRY HEALTH CARE 2000 - 2015
Senior Database Administrator

Experienced in installing and configured Oracle Enterprise Manager (OEM) / Grid Control for monitoring and administrative tasks purposes.
Experienced in database backup and recovery using RMAN, Data pump, Import and Export utility.
Modifying database object’s structures as required by developers due to business or application requirements.
Cloning of production databases to test environment for testing and training purposes.
Experienced in troubleshooting ORA-xxxx errors, adding data files to tablespaces during data load operation if required.
Supported, maintained, and troubleshooting Oracle Golden Gate for data replication and high availability databases.
Debugging Golden Gate replication issues such as Abend.
Sending daily operational report to the top management regarding the whole operation of the day, including any hitches and unusual situations.
Identified, resolved, and provided recommendations to various instances of performance problems which include Database performance problems, I/O hardware performance problems etc.
Set up and manage database security by creating new users, roles, profiles, and provide required user privileges in development, test, training and production environments.
Administering and maintaining databases including daily monitoring and performance analysis using Stats pack, ADDM, AWR Report etc. Gathering and analyzing AWR report for troubleshooting purposes.
Working with other IT professionals for database designs and reviews, troubleshooting database issues and deploying timely fixes, maintaining regular and proactive database patches, updates, and performance enhancement.
Enhancing SQL statements performance using Explain Plan and Oracle optimizer hints
Creating database that meet the constantly changing requirement and need of the company and clients.
Configuring the Oracle Network environment including Oracle Net Services and Listeners, configuring and managing oracle network.
Developing SQL scripts to carry out routine checks on databases. This include checking if the Listener is running, optimal running of all databases, Unix error messages, disk space availability etc.
Experienced and participated in shift rotation and on-call 24/7.
Refreshing Non-Production Databases with Production Schemas/ Tables using Data Pump export/Import.
Debugging Golden Gate replication issues such as abend.
Contact this candidate