PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
Over eight years of professional experience in Database Administrator, Database design, Development and support of MS SQL, Server 2008-2019 in production, QA, Development environment.
Experience in Microsoft SQL Server Database Installation, Configuration, Administration, Backup/Restore, HA/DR, Always-on, Security, Performance Tuning, and troubleshooting.
Working as cloud administration on Microsoft Azure environments, involved in Azure ADConnect configuring virtual machines, storage accounts and Azure resource groups.
Azure cloud professional with strong experience in migrating resources to Azure, Azure Administration, Azure infrastructure operations and end to end project management.
Create and deploy ETL packages to achieve various task using Microsoft integration services (SSIS), and Azure Data factor (ADF). Automate Backups, refreshes, maintenance Jobs, Bulk inserts data migration, data extraction, transformation and loading from multiple data sources.
Azure API Management, Security, Cloud-to-Cloud Integration (Public, Private)
Created a migration plan for moving on-premises data to the cloud, including identifying security and compliance risks in Azure.
Designed an Azure Active Directory integration with on-premises directories using AAD Connect and DirSync.
Experience with cloud computing and Virtualization.
Experience in creating SSIS packages for integrating data using an OLE DB connection from heterogeneous sources (Excel, CSV, Oracle, flat file, text Format data) by using multiple transformations provided by SSIS, such as Data Conversion, Conditional Split, and Bulk.
Experience installing, configuring, administering, and maintaining mission-critical client databases in SQL Server 2012, 2014, 2016, 2017, and 2019 versions.
Experience implementing SQL Server security and object permissions, such as the creation of users, granting permissions, assigning roles to users, auditing SQL logins, and applying encryption.
Generated periodic reports based on the statistical analysis of the data from various time frame and division using SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS).
Deployment, administration, and operational support of production, development, and test environments utilizing proper change management and other ITIL best practices using ticketing tools.
Experienced in Configuring and Scheduling SQL Server Agent Jobs, Alerts, operators, Maintenance plans, Database Mail Configuration, facets, and Transparent Data Encryption.
Strong experience in designing and implementing backup and disaster recovery strategies as per RPO and RTO values.
Created jobs and alerts to run SSIS, and SSRS packages periodically. Created the automated processes for the activities such as database backup processes and SSIS, SSRS Packages run sequentially using SQL Server Agent job.
Extensive experience administering database, Online Transactions Processing (OLTP) and Online Analytical Processing (OLAP)
Excellent knowledge of performance tuning stored procedures, Queries using tools like SQL Profiler, Database Tuning Advisor, Execution Plans, DMV's, and Efficient coding standards.
Strong understanding of RDBMS concepts as well as Data Modeling Concepts.
Knowledge of integration concepts, patterns, and formats: XML Schemas, SOAP, WS Specifications, HIPAA EDI, JSON.
Worked on Oracle and MySQL databases as linked server to MS SQL database in both physical and VM environment - EMC VSPEX BLUE, EVO-RAIL and AWS.
Experience in implementing windows clusters across multiple availability zones and Implemented SQL Server Always On availability group in AWS.
Strong understanding of OS based scripting, writes, enhances & Debugs Scripts that automate and orchestrate DBA related tasks.

TECHNICAL SKILLS
Windows, SQL Server, T-SQL, PL/SQL, PowerShell, AWS-RDS, AWS-EC2, Dell Spotlight, SCOM, RedGate SQLCompare and Data Compare, Redgate SQL toolbelt, Data Edo, ERwin, SSDT, Azure, SSIS, SSRS, SSMS, DTA, JIRA, RAID, MySQL, ServiceNow, IDERA Diagnostic Manager, Outlook, Skype for Business, MFA, SAN, Office 365 Planner, AG, HA/DR, Python and Tableau.

EDUCATION: Admas University College Ethiopia, Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science

PROFESSIONAL EXPERINCE

JPMorgan Chase, New York, United States. Jan 2020 - Present
MS SQL Server/Azure DBA
Responsibilities
●Participate in an on-call support rotation and provide non-standard workhour support.
●Deployed Azure Iaas virtual machines and cloud services into secure VNets and subnets.
●Setup Azure Virtual Appliances (VMs) to meet security requirements as software-based appliance functions (firewall, WAN optimization and intrusion detections).
●Deployment of Virtual Machines to Virtual Networks using Azure Portal or PowerShell.
●Perform automation tasks in PowerShell, Azure CLI and JSON form ARM templates.
●Configuration of Virtual Networks, Subnets, DHCP, DNS, Network Security Groups, Load Balancer, Front door, Application Gateway, and traffic manager.
●Developed using Azure/SQL Server databases in IaaS/PaaS Environment.
●Configuration of Azure Virtual Networks, Subnets, DHCP, DNS, Network Security Groups, Load Balancers, Front door, Application Gateway, and Traffic manager.
●Provides database support to business users. Restores functionality to database processes that have failed, documents resolutions, and creates and maintains troubleshooting documentation.
●Employs general SQL, Microsoft T-SQL, stored procedures, Data Transformation Services (DTS) scripts, and SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS) to manage database systems and automate data migration and processing.
●Developed SSIS packages to Extract, Transform and Load (ETL) data into the data warehouse database from heterogeneous databases/data sources.
●Design, develop, and implement database tables, views, triggers, indexes, and stored procedures to ensure data integrity for custom applications. Communicates with IT management, and peers regarding database solutions and potential enhancements.
●Design, develop, test, document, and implement scripts to automate data importing, exporting, reporting, and analysis to ensure data confidentiality, availability, and integrity.
●Installing, configuring, administering, and securing production and non-production servers (clustered and non-clustered).
●Upgrading SQL server 2012 to SQL Server 2016, 2017, and 2019.
●Experience in implementing a Windows cluster across multiple availability zones and Implemented SQL Server 2019 Always On availability groups in AWS.
●Managed SQL Server Logins, Database users & roles and was involved in Daily User Maintenance.
●Created Database Maintenance jobs to perform full & transaction log Backups and scheduled them with the SQL Server Agent job scheduler.
●Monitor database growth activities & Troubleshoot Transaction Log Issues.
●Created and configured mirroring for Disaster Recovery
●Providing weekly status information on all projects to the Project Manager
●Wrote and debugged Stored Procedures and (DDL /DML) Triggers, Functions as per client requirements.
●Logical and Physical design of database for projects based on user requirements using ERWIN.
●Extensively worked on troubleshooting and fine-tuning databases for optimal performance.
●Worked with Performance Tuning/Query tuning, execution plans, trace flags, and SQL Profiler.

Humana Inc. Kentucky, United States July 2017 - Dec 2019
Database Administrator (DBA)
Responsibilities:
●Solid skills in database performance fine-tuning and optimizing poorly performing queries, and stored procedures.
●Production patch/upgrade management
●Acts as an escalation point for more junior SQL DBA team members for advanced skills and troubleshooting.
●Build and maintain strong working relationships with other DBAs and application teams.
●Strong skills in configuring and administering SQL Server Replication and DR solutions.
●Participate in a fixed shift pattern/on-call rotation/weekends.
●To exhibit an objective, fair and professional attitude that exemplifies the principles outlined in The Decoma Employee’s Charter to maintain a positive and productive workplace.
●To meet and maintain all customer quality standards as well as the standards of Decoster.
●Installed and configured The SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS) and maintenance of the.
●Used SSIS to create ETL packages to validate, extract, transform and load data to data warehouse databases.
●Responsible for SSIS package deployment and execution, SSAS cubes deployment, SSRS reports generation, publishing, and availability.
●Worked on BCP and SSIS packages for data transfer & transformation across locations and multiple data sources as per requirement.
●Migrated data from Heterogeneous Data Sources and legacy system (MySQL, Access, Excel) to SQL Server databases using SQL Server Integration Services SSIS) to overcome transformation constraints.
●Created new tables, store procedures, and triggers using T-SQL.
●Refactored and Fine-tuned queries and Stored procedures in T-SQL.
●Performing DB backups, DB refresh, DB restores, clean-up, and statistics update.
●Installed and configured MS SQL Servers in Virtual Environments using VMWARE.
●Analyze the Execution plans and recommend/implement a better execution plan.
●Experience in Monitoring and Tuning system resources associated with the database performance, hit ratios, I/O, lock, and latch contention.
●Experience supporting AWS DB in production and Development environments.
●Designed Network Security Groups (NSGs) to control inbound and outbound access to network interfaces (NICs), VMs and subnets.

Publix Super Markets Inc. Florida, United States Jan 2014 - Jun 2017
Junior SQL DBA
Responsibilities
●Database High Availability: Installed, Configured, and Maintained Always on High Availability Group using SQL Server 2012 and 2014
●Installed, Configured, and Maintained Fail-Over Clustering using SQL Server 2008. Installed, Configured, and Maintained Database Mirroring using the Automatic fail-over option in SQL Server 2008. Configured Log Shipping as a Standby database from the Production database for Reporting purposes. Configured and Maintained Replications.
●Database Upgrade: SQL Server 2005 and 2008 R2 to SQL Server 2014
●Database Migration: Migrated MS Access 2003/2005/2008 R2 databases into MS SQL Server. Migrated Oracle 10g, MySQL into MS SQL Server 2014.
●Created a virtual MySQL database for Cassandra data in CData connect to gain visibility.
●Data Modeling: Worked on more than 10 data modeling projects and generated E-R Diagrams. Data Modeling tools using SQL Server Data Diagram.
●Database Monitoring/Performance Tuning: Strong in database Monitoring and Performance tuning. Scheduled jobs to automate different database-related activities including backup, monitoring database health, disk space, and backup verification. Monitor SQL Server Error Log, and space usage.
●Database Programming: Wrote T-SQL, Trigger, and Stored-Procedures. Assisted Database Developers to optimize SQL queries and Stored Procedures.
●ETL Tools: Used ETL tools like DTS, SSIS, Import/Export, and BCP (Bulk Copy), to import & export data from flat files, and excel to MS SQL Server databases.
●Used RestApp to pipe data from MongoDB to PostgreSQL.
●Export & Import: Data from Oracle and SQL Server Excel and set up and performed ETL data load from Oracle and other flat files like text, Excel, and CSV files.
●Backup/Recovery: Proficient in Database Backup and Disaster Recovery. Experienced with Point-in-Time Recovery. Restored Database from backup.
●Report Development: Installed, Configured, and administered SQL Server Reporting Services. Developed Reports using SSRS. Deployed Reports. Developed Ad-hoc Reports using Report Builder 3.0, 2.0.
●Used DBCC to check database conditions, Rebuild indexes, and other database Maintenance purposes as well.
Contact this candidate