Zermina Sarwari
Phone: 412-***-****

Email: advny9@r.postjobfree.com

Technical Skills Summary:

Databases:
Database Languages:
only)
SQL Server2019 /2016/2014/2012/2008
Access
T-SQL professional level, SQL*PLUS, PL-SQL, Sybase software
(4months

Database
Connectivity:
Reporting
Tools:
ETL Tools:

Data
Modeling:

Operating
Systems:
Web Technologies:

Web Server:

Experience
Summary:
ADO.NET, OLEDB,
ODBC
SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS), Report Builder 3.0/2.0,

SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS), SQL Server
DTS

Toad Data Modeler, ER-Win, Visio, SQL Server Data
Diagram

Windows Server 2012/2008/2003 including Windows 7/8, UNIX,
MS-DOS

ASP.NET (.Net Framework 1.1/2.0/3.5, 4.0,4.3), ADO.NET, Web Services.

IIS: Installation, Configuration, Deployment of Applications, and Program

• As of database administration experience and 2 years (internship) of successful
developing,
testing, implementing, and enhancing numerous applications to meet and exceed cyber
security needs and business objectives. I plan, research and design durable security
architectures for various database servers to harden system, secure database from SQL injections,
unauthorized data access and data breaches. Expert knowledge in data masking,
encryption and pen testing, has given me an edge to safeguard data in transit and at rest.
I know a good backups strategy will help in data security as well as business continuity.
Major part of my work has been to keep SQL servers accessible, online and secure by
policy governance and regular auditing. I work proactively in solving possible issues by
setting up alerts, log monitoring and deploying and upholding a strict access and privileges
control policy. Regular scanning and auditing help me in finding DB vulnerabilities,
misconfigurations risks of noncompliance. A top-performing Certified Senior SQL Server
DBA/ as SQL Database Administrator/Developer and yearlong exposure to Azure. Database
Management and Development which includes installation, configuration, backup, restoration, HA/DR
solution like Log shipping, Mirroring, Replication, and Clustering and ALWAYS ON. Well versed in
upgrading, migration, troubleshooting, supporting clients, Data Modeling, SSIS, Database Monitoring,
Performance Tuning, Database Security, Database Programming, Patch Management, managing
concurrent applications (managing Locks, Blocks, and Deadlocks) and using SQL Server.
Proficient in Transact-SQL, stored procedures, packages, triggers, views, Constraints, Cursors,
functions, deployment and managing related security. Medical office administration

Responsibilities:
Modified the application as well as database objects such as stored procedures, views,
tables, etc.
Performed query performance tuning and query optimization.
Maximize the stability, uptime, and performance of databases in the production
environment
DBA
•

through system monitoring, performance tuning, and routine maintenance tasks such
as index
rebuilds, file compressions, statistical updates, and database consistency checks.
Automated backup work for the databases as well as source
codes.
Involved in database design, development, and administration which includes data modeling (logical
and physical),
Implement stored procedures, functions, triggers, views, cursors,
CTE, etc.
Involved in all phases of SSIS package creation and ETL development as well as SSRS and
SSAS development.
Create jobs and schedules to automate ETL packages within
SSIS
Resolving tracker items (problems or defects found) related to database admin and others related to our
applications.
Installation, configuration, and testing of Microsoft SQL Server
2014.
Experienced in troubleshooting database related issues such as administration, performance tuning,
query optimization, data transformation, data loading, etc.
Analyzed, designed, implemented, and unit tested the application.
Troubleshooting applications, databases, and such other data-related
issues.
Monitored and resolved application problems such as input validation, SQL injection, data
cleansing issues.

Data group Virginia
october 2020-2022
•

•

SQL Server DBA Modified the application as well as database objects such as stored procedures, views,
tables, etc.
Performed query performance tuning and query optimization,
Maximize the stability, uptime, and performance of databases in the production environment through
system monitoring, performance tuning, and routine maintenance tasks such as index
rebuilds, file compressions, statistical updates, and database consistency checks.
Involved in database design, development, and administration which includes data modeling (logical
and physical),
Implement stored procedures, functions, triggers, views, cursors,
CTE, etc.
Involved in all phases of SSIS package creation and ETL development as well as
SSRS development.
Create jobs and schedules to automate ETL packages within
SSIS
Resolving tracker items (problems or defects found) related to database admin and others related
to our applications.
Data validation
Code reviewer

report optimizer
Manages validation and testing of security architecture and design solutions, and produces detailed
engineering specifications with recommended vendor technologies.
Provides management and support the development, testing and operation of firewalls,
intrusion detection systems, enterprise malware systems and software deployment tools.
Run weekly audit reports, SOD reports and any special audit
request
Complete yearly User/Role Recertification's on
SAP
Create/Change/Delete all SAP roles used on a daily basis company wide.
As data modeler flowing diagram shows the way information through a process or system. Which
is includes data inputs and outputs, data stores, and the various sub
processes.

Education:

References: Provided upon request
Contact this candidate