ORACLE DATABASE ADMINISTATOR
MARINUS NDICIA
585-***-**** – advrx4@r.postjobfree.com
Visa status: WORKING PERMIT

SUMMARY
9years of experience as an Oracle Database Administrator/Engineer having hands on experience in Installation, Administration and Troubleshooting of Oracle 19c/12c/11g/10g/ for OLTP (multiple instances)/OLAP environment and supported multiple Clusters, Non - cluster and ASM Database in production, development and Testing Servers. Experience in database administration, production support, installation, configuration, upgrades, patches, performance tuning, backup and recovery, Configured Disaster recovery databases using Data guard, replicated databases using Golden Gate.
●Performed Patch Installation, Migration, Upgrades, Backup and Recovery, Cloning, Replication, Database Security (TDE, Data masking) of Oracle 19c, 12c, 11gR2 and 10g databases.
●Automated RMAN Backups, Data pump, cloning, space management, database security, cloning, migration, AWS DMS, AWS KMS, AWS IAM, AWS ADG, AWS RAC, AWS RDS, AWS EC2 and documentation. Proficient in supporting databases running on AIX, O.E.L, R.H.E.L, Sun-Solaris and windows platforms.
●Experience in opened source PostgreSQL database, they usually focus on the advanced features, high performance, rock-solid data integrity, flexible open source licensing, and easy availability from public cloud providers, including AWS. But the road for migration is not always smooth, and knowing how to avoid the potholes can help ensure that your migration is successful.
●Experienced in configuring and managing Oracle Real Application Cluster (RAC), Data Guard and Golden Gate for Oracle High Availability.
●Experienced in configSnapshot includes the most comprehensive coverage of setup migration for the E-Business Suite available today, currently supporting in excess of 1,600 distinct steps across dozens of modules. We also provide a similar depth of coverage for the Cloud Applications.
●Experience in Oracle Life Sciences Data Hub (Oracle LSH) is a powerful and flexible data integration and statistical analysis tool. It is closely integrated with several external tools, notably the Oracle Business Intelligence
●Break Glass for Oracle Applications provides you with additional security by restricting administrative access to systems and services. When you use Break Glass, Oracle Support representatives can access your cloud environment only after relevant approvals and authorization to troubleshoot any issues that may arise in your cloud environment.
●Applications, such as Microsoft Word and Excel. … Oracle E-Business Suite provides a framework that allows us to integrate with Microsoft Office-based tools.
SKILLS
●Oracle Database Administration
●Performance Tuning & Capacity Monitoring
●Data Security, Backup & Recovery
●Database migration to cloud
●Migration to Exadata machine
●Support MS SQL server databases
●Database Replay for performance testing
●Oracle RAC & ASM Administration/Installation
●SQL Tuning in an Oracle Environment
●Production support DBA
●Install and monitor OEM 12c and 13c
●Configuration and troubleshooting of golden gate
●Data guard configuration
●Support PostgreSQL databases
●Oracle PL/SQL
●Data masking and data redaction

Operating Systems:
HP-UX, Sun Solaris, AIX, RHEL, Linux Enterprise Server, Windows 2012
RDBMS:
Oracle 10g, 11g, 12c,19c
Languages:
SQL, PL/SQL,Unix shell scripting,
Tools and Environments:
TKPROF, EXPLAIN PLAN, STATSPACK, AWR, and ADDM, Toad, Putty, NX client, WinSCP, VNC, mobaxterm, Xming, Dbua, OUD, dgmgrl, srvctl, Git, Ansible, Orachk, TFA, Opatch and Cisco VPN Client, Guardium Vulnerability Assessment, Google authenticator,LDAP,OEM 12C/13C,RAC,dataguard,opatch,TLS,spm,sql tunning advisor,splunk,jira,export/import,confluence,Git,ansible,ssms,red,gate,pgadmin,pg_dump,pgBouncer,goldendate,informatica
Databases
Oracle10g/11g/12c/18c/19c,EC2, RDS, RDBMS,,Sql server 2012/2014/2016/2017,postgreSQL

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Deloitte ( VIRGINIA DEPARTMENT OF SOCIAL SERVICES(VDSS), ORACLE DATABASE ENGINEER AUG 2023 - PRESENT
●Maintenance, upgrading, migrating and Supporting of multi-terabyte databases in production, test and development environments. ( Linux, Redhat).
●Extensively involved in performance tuning of applications, SQL queries and databases using Explain Plan, ADDM, AWR reports and TKprof.
●Proof of concept projects with high profile oracle clients
●Upgrade databases from 12c to 19c
●Escalated issues from production systems and writing and applying data fixes.
●Analyzes the needs and requirements of users of existing and proposed database systems and develops technical, structural and organizational specifications to include access methods, access time, job control language, statistical methodologies, device allocation, validation checks, protection and security
●Designs database reporting infrastructure using ERWIN devloping new DDL for database tables.
●Using datapump and shell scripts to export database schema’s from PDB’s that have been scheduled in crontab for deployment
●Works closely with developers, support and QA teams to design and optimize all DB environments
●Prepares scripts to automate administration tasks
●Performs installation, configurations, and maintenance for clustered database servers
●Plans and performs database server upgrades and determines standards for server configuration

PAYCHEX INC, ROCHESTER, NY (CONTRACT DATABASE ENGINEER (NOV 2019 - JUNE 2020)
●Successfully installed Oracle Real Application Cluster (RAC) including Grid infrastructure (Clusterware and ASM). and Oracle rdbms software on a 3 nodes RAC architecture in development and UAT running oracle 12c and 19c.
●Strong performance tuning skills with 12c,18c & 19c RAC environments
●Experience in designing and configuring high-availability systems using DataGuard with physical standby effectively configured and used DataGuard Broker utility.
●Responsible for Maintenance, upgrading, migrating and Supporting of multi-terabyte databases in production, test and development environments. ( Linux, Redhat)
●Installing, deploying, and upgrading production and non-production databases.
●Testing new RDBMS features for later integration into infrastructure and applications using RAT.
●Patch 12c,18c and 19c oracle databases using bladelogic
●Use delphix,rman,datapump to refresh database for the development team.
●Oracle Golden Gate for bi-directional replication and migrated databases with ZERO Configured downtime.
●Participated in implementation and maintenance of Golden Gate replication and troubleshooting the GG abends.
●troubleshooting of typical Oracle Golden gate technical issues: such as differences in the rows count from source to target, column mismatch errors, unique key violation by using ggsci / log dump/discard file & ggserr.log analysis.
●Replicated tables using single extract/pump/replicate process, performed many to one replication.
●Recommending system hardware and software configurations for given data processing loads.
●Analyzing storage options, recommends storage hardware and configuration for optimal DB performance.
●Production support an Extensive d work closely with development and application support teams so that we build reliable, scalable and compliant RDBMS environments for our customers
●Participating in weekly DBA on-call rotation, supporting production environment.
●Providing support to developers working on SQL, including development of best practices, hands on demos, and knowledge transfer.
●Ability to self-initiate, prioritize and execute effectively in a dynamic work environment with multiple concurrent demands.
●As part of the GDBA Support team we provided L2/L3 level support to the application teams during high risk issues (escalations) and within normal activities like code migration, Database recovery via RMAN, troubleshoot performance issues, export and import of tables/schemas among environments.

INFOSYS LTD, RICHARDSON, TX (ORACLE DBA/TECHNOLOGY LEAD (June 2019 – NOV 2019))
●Responsible for database maintenance, backups, recovery, patching, upgrades and performance tuning, user access control.
●Performed full & incremental backup (cumulative and differential) using RMAN and implemented recovery strategies.
●Performed logical backups using Export/Import and Data Pump.
●Efficient in SQL query optimization and instance tuning using TKPROF, SQL
Trace, Explain Plan, AWR and ADDM reports, gathering statistics of 10g/11g/12c/19c database.
●Doing the regular activities like monitoring the alert logs, redo log status, listener. Log and checking the space for normal segments, rollback segments and tablespaces
●Worked on Multiple RAC clustered, converting single node instance to RAC and adding instance to the existing 5 Node RAC.
●Upgrade / Migration of E-Business Suite application and Oracle Databases
●Refreshed/cloned databases using RMAN utility.
●Implemented Data Guard with maximum availability, protection and performance configurations and worked with Data Guard Fail over and Switch over cases.
●Successful in applying RDBMS patches on 12c databases, security patches for improving the security and functionality of the databases.
●Working with OEM 13c to manage and monitor all targets in the environment
●Install oracle 19c client and upgrade 12.2 databases to 19c using dbua
●experience configuring and administering DATA GUARD for disaster recovery, configured both physical and logical standby databases, configured data guard BROKER to facilitate the role transition.
●experience in MIGRATING data both from same and different operating system such as Linux Red Heart, AIX, Solaris, Windows using DATAPUMP, GOLDENGATE, TRANSPORTABLE TABLESPACE.
MUTUAL OF OMAHA, Omaha, NE (Oracle DBA/cloud migration DBA (February 2019 – May 2019))
●Extensively involved in performance tuning of applications, SQL queries and databases using Explain Plan, ADDM, AWR reports and TKprof.
●Database refreshes using expdp, impdp, RMAN Duplicate and cloning.
●Install, Configure, Setup, Maintain and Support Oracle 12c, Physical and Logical Standby database for Test, Development and Production.
●Upgrade DBs from 12.1.0.2 to 12.2.0.1. Responsible for setting and managing USER MANAGEMENT, SPACE MANAGEMENT Granting required privileges to users.
●Performed full & incremental backup (cumulative and differential) using RMAN and implemented recovery strategies.
●Created Tables, Views, Constraints, Index (B Tree, Bitmap and Function Based).
●Performance tuning of the database - SQL Tuning, Used Tuning utilities like STATSPACK, UTLESTAT, AWR, ADDM and Tuning of SGA, Distribution of disk I/O, Sizing of tables and indexes.
●Developed materialized views for data replication in distributed environments
●Use jira to track projects and BMC Remedy for production work
● Allocate system storage and plan future storage requirements.
●Created Oracle Wallets and implemented Tablespace level TDE security.
●Monitor Oracle 10g/11g/12c databases using OEM and Grid Control.
●Participated in migrating Oracle database server from 10g x-86 RHEL Environment to 10g in Solaris10 Environment and Participated in upgrading Oracle database server from 10g to 11g and to 12c.
●Responsible for database maintenance, backups, recovery, patching, upgrades and performance tuning, user access control
●Setup notifications (various levels for Cluster activities, tablespace utilizations, Listener alerts) using OEM
●Monitored and troubleshoot database issues with OEM grid control.
●Built physical standby using RMAN Active duplication method as well for Disaster recovery site
●Performed database recovery using GRP (Guarantee Restore Point)
●Setup the unidirectional replication on oracle 11g databases using Goldengate in heterogeneous data environments.
●
●Create oracle Administration groups using OEM 13.2c to manage database.
●Use OEM, Toad, oracle sql developer, plsql developer to manage databases.
●Automated RMAN Backups, Data pump, cloning, space management, database security, cloning, migration, AWS DMS, AWS KMS, AWS IAM, AWS ADG, AWS RAC, AWS RDS, AWS EC2 and documentation. Proficient in supporting databases running on AIX, O.E.L, R.H.E.L, Sun-Solaris and windows platforms.
●migrate oracle databases to AWS using AWS DMS for high availability and zero down time.
●migrate 5tb databases from oracle to AWS EC2 instances using RMAN and store on S3
●Use oracle enterprise manager (OEM) to manage and monitor databases
SONEXUS HEALTH, Lewisville, TX (January 2015 – February 2019)
Oracle Database Administrator
●Supporting multiple databases for production, development, test and staging purposes on Linux and Windows environments.
●Capacity planning: Allocate system storage and plan future storage requirements.
●Work on oracle ebs and oracle middleware fusion
●Oracle HA Stack: Install, Configure, Setup, Maintain and Support Oracle 11gR1, 11gR2, 12c RAC, Physical and Logical Standby database for Test, Development and Production.
●Involve in 24x7 on-call support for 12 databases of 2.0 TB 4 Node production 10g and 11g RAC databases using Oracle 12c Cloud Control for Alert Monitoring and Notification
●Upgrade DBs from 11.2.0.4 to 12.1. Responsible for setting and managing USER MANAGEMENT, SPACE MANAGEMENT Granting required privileges to users.
●Applying upgrade patch, maintenance and interim (opatch) patches on all the databases.
●Refreshing Dev and Test instances with data from Production on a regular basis.
●Creating and assigning appropriate roles and privileges to users depending on the user activity.
●Responsible for support of Oracle Databases of sizes ranging from 100 GB to 40 TB.
●Part of DB support team, providing 24/7 support for Production databases.
●Responsible for implementation and administration of disaster recovery strategies for 24/7 operations and deployment of high availability systems on Oracle 11g, using Oracle RAC, Data-Guard, Streams, ASM, RMAN.
●Configured deployed and administered 2 node RAC clusters on Solaris 10 and Redhat Enterprise Linux 5.0.
●Extensively involved in performance tuning of applications, SQL queries and databases using Explain Plan, ADDM, AWR reports and TKprof.
●Configured 12c Oracle grid infrastructures & Oracle database software to meet the current needs and upgraded as required to meet the expansion needs of the company.
DYNAMICS RESOURCE, Chicago, IL (March 2012 – December 2014 )
Oracle Production Support DBA
●SQL tuning and Database tuning for 10g/11g done based on reports generated by Run time SQL execution plans, AWR Reports, ASH reports, Explain Plans and monitor the database performance on daily basis.
●Monitoring the Oracle Instances, Users, Tables, Table spaces, Memory structures, and Rollback segments, Redo logs, Archived Redo logs and Alerts.
● Backup and Recovery operations over all databases, ensuring 100% recoverability using RMAN
●Involved in converting a single instance database to Oracle 11g, 10g RAC databases.
●Database refreshes using expdp, impdp, RMAN Duplicate and cloning.
●24 X 7 Production & Development database support and administration.
●SQL tuning and Database tuning has been done based on reports generated by Run time SQL execution plans, AWR Reports, ASH reports, Explain Plans and monitor the database performance on daily basis.
●Implementing Datapump, conventional export/import utility of Oracle 11g, 10g for re-organizing Databases/Schemas/Tables to improve the performance.
●Oracle Retail Xstore Point-of-Service provides store associates with seamless inventory visibility. When paired with the appropriate workflow, this visibility allows users to access chain-wide inventory, across all channels, to fulfill customer needs by delivery or pickup.
●Used import/export utilities for cloning/migration of small sized databases and Datapump import/export to move data between 9i, 10g and 11g environments.
●Implemented proactive monitoring using Tuning Pack, Diagnostics Pack, and SQL Trace & TKPROF, EXPLAIN PLAN for 10g/11g database.
●Database monitoring/maintenance, and performance tuning using OEM (Oracle Enterprise Manager).
●Applying upgrade patch, maintenance and interim (opatch) patches on all databases.
EDUCATION
●Bachelor of Science in computer science, University of Buea, Cameroon.
PROFESSIONAL SKILLS

●Effective verbal and written skills, including good presentation skills Desirables
●Learn new technologies quickly and have excellent troubleshooting and problem solving skills
●Strong troubleshooting skills and driving to resolution
●Excellent troubleshooting, collaboration, and communication skills
●Good problem solving skills with focus on troubleshooting issues in complex production environments
●Performance monitoring and tuning skills are desired
●Executive speaking and presentation skills -- Formal presentations, white boarding, large and small group presentations

CERTIFICATION
●SQL FUNDAMENTAL
●ORACLE CERTIFIED ASSOCIATE (OCA)
●oracle-autonomous-database-cloud certified-specialist
●Oracle Cloud Infrastructure Foundations Certified Associate
●Oracle Cloud Infrastructure Architect Associate
●AWS Certified Solutions Architect – Associate
Contact this candidate