Beza Ephraim
Phone # 832-***-**** Email adxjwa@r.postjobfree.com
SUMMARY

Almost 6 years of IT experience in Microsoft SQL Server Database Installation, Configuration, Administration, Maintenance and Performance Tuning, Backup/Restore and disaster recovery experience in SQL Server 2012/2008/2005/2000.
Having hands on experience migrating scripts in a production environment and extensive experience in creating and modifying stored procedures, triggers, cursors and functions to meet business requirements. Troubleshooting database issues like space issues, deadlocks, performance, and blocking.
Experience in SQL Server Reporting Services Installation, Configuration and Maintenance using Visual Studio and Reporting Services.
WORK EXPERIENCE

Title - SQL DBA
Client – HCA Healthcare, Houston, TX June 2021 – Current

Description- HCA Houston Healthcare is a leading provider of health care in the Houston area, with over 13 hospital networks and several outpatient care facilities. My primary role is to maintain and monitor servers and databases and migration of several applications from 2005 to 2008 and 2012.

Responsibilities
Installation, Upgrade, Configuration and Migration of My SQL Server in clustered and non-clustered production environments.
Setting up the Transactional Replication in between SQL Server databases and also from SQL Server to Oracle databases.
Installing and upgrading the Database server and application tools.
Modifying the database structure, as necessary, from information given by application developers.
Works on Microsoft SQL server, failover clustering, log shipping, and replication, using System Monitor and SQL Server Profiler to identify bottlenecks, discovering slow-running queries, performing backup and recovery databases, and implementing database modifications on production servers.
Involved in development of database including creating new databases, converting old databases to new databases, modification of existing databases, creating reports to meet business needs.

Environment: SQL Server 2008, 2012 SQL, Server 2005 Enterprise, SSRS, Windows Enterprise Server 2003, Microsoft Reporting Services.

Title – SQL DBA
Client – HP, Houston, TX Aug 2019 – June 2021

Description- Hewlett-Packard Company or HP is an American multinational information technology corporation headquartered in Palo Alto, California, United States. HP provides one of the tech world's most comprehensive portfolios of hardware, software, and services. It is the world's largest provider of PCs, other products include servers, storage devices, printers, and networking equipment. My role was maintaining performance, migrating databases and upgrading.

Responsibilities

Performed backup using backup compression and Data compression in My SQL Server 2008R2 on clustered environment.
Involved in scheduling the reports to run on daily and weekly basis in Report Manager.
Maintaining referential integrity, domain integrity and column integrity by using the available options such as constraints.
Administrated and managed the SQL Server 2008R2, 2005 production and Non-production servers.
Experienced in creating SSIS packages using proper control and data flow elements.
Export and import data from source like flat files, row files using DTS, SQL Server Integration Services.
Installed and configured The SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS) and maintenance of the Reporting Servers.
Environment: Windows 2000/2003, SQL Server 2005 and 2008R2, DTS, Windows Enterprise Server 2003, SSRS Microsoft Reporting Services.

Title -Junior SQL DBA
Client – Frost Bank- Sugarland, TX April 2017- June 2019

Description -Frost Bank offers a full range of banking, investment, and insurance products. I was responsible for on data migration from various data sources such as access, excel, flat file to SQL Server database systems. As well as involved in Database Maintenance Plans for the performance of SQL Server.
Responsibilities

Responsible for data migration. Extracting, Transforming and Loading of data using Microsoft SQL Server SSIS and DTS.
Prepared, maintained and modified SQL server installation and configuration documents.
Database Administrator, Database Programming.
Performed daily tasks including backup and restore by using SQL Server 2005 tools like SQL Server Management Studio, SQL Server Profiler, SQL Server Agent, and Database Engine Tuning Advisor.
Daily backup and scheduling Jobs.
Environment: SQL Server 2005, SQL Server 2000, Windows 2003/2000 Server, T-SQL, Enterprise Manager, SQL Query Analyzer, SQL Profiler.

EDUCATION
Addis Ababa University – Bachelor of Computer Science 2013 - 2017
Contact this candidate