ORACLE DATABASE ADMINISTRATOR

Oracle Certified DBA with 19 years of experience, including administering enterprise-class database systems at both the Systems and Application levels, design, coding, testing, and support of software across diverse hardware/software platforms including UNIX, Windows, Intranet and Internet, project management and team leadership.

Oracle database administration
Shell programming
Performance tuning
Capacity planning
Patching and upgrading
Data security administration
Web database app development
SQL Tuning
Monitoring
Data modeling
User support
Report writing
System and user documentation
24x7 Emergency Support

TECHNOLOGY

Oracle: versions 7, 8, 8i, 9i, 10g
Platforms: UNIX, Solaris, HP/UX, AIX, Linux, Windows
Languages: PL/SQL, UNIX shell, HTML, Javascript, C/C++, Perl, SQL
Backup & Recovery: RMAN, TSM, TDPO, BMC SQLBacktrack
Processes: ITIL, Systems Life Cycle, Function Point Metrics, CMMI
Tools: OEM, TOAD, ErWin, SQLDeveloper

EMPLOYMENT

EDS Corporation - Hewlett Packard Enterprise Services

Key Projects

Oracle DBA 2001-Present
Performed Oracle database administration for hundreds of Oracle databases, including: installation, upgrades, patching, development, tuning, maintenance, monitoring, security, troubleshooting, capacity planning, backup, recovery, and 24x7 emergency support. Extensive SQL and UNIX shell scripting for application and DBA teams.
Clients: US Navy, MCI, Verizon, Sabre, Continental Airlines, many others

Team Leader / Web Developer 2001-Present
Created, designed, developed, and supported a database-driven website which grew to become the Gold Standard Practice website for thousands of DBA users, managers, and teams worldwide across the corporation. Led team of 10 people providing help desk support, maintenance, and enhancements.
Clients: Corporate internal, plus hundreds of external clients worldwide

Oracle DBA 1999-2001
Performed Oracle database administration for an Internet-based credit card services application. Also performed logical and physical data modeling, security design, developed all scheduled reports, and wrote UNIX menu system for production support staff. Acted as backup for UNIX SA including user security and software installation.
Client: eCharge

Technical Leader/Software Designer/Developer 1999-2001
Performed analysis and design and constructed a prototype for a Web-based telecommunications services bill aggregation application. Technical leader for the team developing the data and security administration subsystem. SCM administrator using Visual SourceSafe. Assisted in application data modeling.
Client: AT&T

Software Designer/Developer 1998-1999
Performed analysis, design, construction, and testing as part of 20+ person team. Designed application and database security subsystem. SCM administrator using Visual SourceSafe. Created and maintained GUI design standards. The developed system displays flight information to airport customers, acts as a hub for distributing data to external systems, and provides system monitoring for operations personnel.
Client: Las Vegas McCarran Airport

Software Designer/Developer 1996-1998
Performed construction and testing of Powerbuilder application as part of 10-person team. The developed system provides back-office and Point of Sale (POS) functionality for gas stations/convenience stores. Responsibilities include communicating with the customer account, system testing, designing and implementing bug fixes and system enhancements.
Client: Petroleum Software Systems

Client: National Car Rental:

Internet/Intranet Team Leader 1995-1996
Project and Technical Leader for Internet/Intranet Services. Created and implemented the first internal and external websites, directly consulted with clients up to the CEO level. Created a custom MVS-to-Internet e-mail gateway.

Client/Server Developer 1993-1995
Performed design, construction, testing, and emergency support of the Revenue Management System, an expert to optimize its revenue and inventory utilization by adjusting pricing based on forecasted demand. Also acted as user-developer "embedded" in the client's organization. Emergency support for an 18-hour batch cycle, dramatically improving system performance and availability.

Programmer 1991-1993
Developer for the Expressway car rental/return system. Responsibilities included ad-hoc reporting, system documentation, program version control, maintenance, and enhancements. Also developed spreadsheet macros for account-wide resource allocation, trained others in PC software, assisting in system performance monitoring.

EDUCATION & TRAINING

Oracle Corporation 2001
Oracle Certified Professional (OCP) Database Administrator (DBA)

EDS Corporation 1993
Systems Engineering Development Program

University of MN Carlson School Of Management 1991
Major: Management Information Systems (MIS)
Degree: Bachelor of Science in Business

Contact this candidate