Skill Set: C#, JAVA, Android Mobile Development, iOS Mobile Development, WinForms, WPF, Silverlight, ASP.NET, AJAX, WCF, Linux, JavaScript, Visual Studio 2005-2010, Spring.NET, Tridion, ExStream Dialogue, Visual Basic, SQL Server 2005-2008, Sqlite, MySql, Delphi (V1 – 8, 2005-2007), DB/2, Star Team, Visual SourceSafe, Subversion, TFS, PlanetPress, Interbase, Firebird, FoxPro, XML, Microsoft Enterprise Library

Security Clearance: SECRET

Certifications: MCTS: .NET Framework 3.5, ASP.NET Applications, .NET Framework 2.0, Delphi 6

Consultant 10/2011 - 1/2012, R.DORSEY+ for the DLA at DSC Columbus, OH
Responsibilities include:
Conversion of legacy Classic ASP applications to ASP.NET applications. I converted a Blood Donation application from Classic ASP to ASP.NET that helps DLA employees find out information about donating blood and to help them determine when they can donate again.
Converted an Associate of the Month application from Classic ASP to ASP.NET that allowed DLA employees to view the winners as well as the administrators to update the site for corrections and new winners.
Helped maintain the Success Factors (formerly Plateau) Learning Management System (LMS) this system was installed on several Linux boxes and utilized Apache and JBoss.

Product Developer, Tier II 2/2010 - 10/2011, IGC Software, Reynoldsburg, OH
Responsibilities include:
Lead the development of Android based version of Survey: this software would allow an agent to survey a prospective customers home as well as generate pricing and reports. Once the survey is complete the agent would be able to synchronize the data with their servers as well as the servers of the Van line they are an agent of.
Implemented bug fixes on the iOS version of Sruvey. Created reports that could be generated without internet connectivity for the in home customer during a survey.
Architect for IGC namespace in use on client and server-side programs.
Designed and built a WCF service to sync data back and forth from a van line/agent's server to Phone / Android applications.
Silverlight development for QuickMove 2.0: this software will manage an entire move for a Van line/Agent including pricing, reports and integration into popular accounting packages such as Quick Books.
Created and modified reports for the Atlas van line's Lead Manager website to report leads in their various stages of the sales process.

Consultant 10/2009 – 11/2009, HP, Palo Alto, CA
Responsibilities include:
Created various objects, schema, template building blocks and components for the home page and footer such as a country selector object using Tridion.
Inputted the HTML provided into Tridion, the CMS system, making sure items that needed to be localized would be.
Wrote C# template building blocks to load CSS and JS as well as other objects into the Tridion package.

Consultant 4/2009 – 8/2009, Northrop Grumman, Sierra Vista, AZ
Responsibilities include:
Worked on design and documentation of new features for DCGS.
Developed new design features in DCGS.
Worked closely with QA and corrected bugs in DCGS.
Used C#.NET for all development work.
Created and corrected stored procedures, triggers and tables using SQL Server 2005.

Consultant 1/2009 – 2/2009, Wendy’s, Intl., Dublin, OH
Responsibilities include:
Documenting existing Delphi code.
Make existing Delphi code compile and correct minor bugs.
Created Disaster Recovery Scenario documentation for the system.

Senior Developer 1/1997 – 10/2008, Safe Auto Insurance Company, Columbus, OH
Responsibilities include:
Converted/Gathered requirements/QA’d & Tested/Maintained/Developed Quoting, Rating, Binding, Billing and Policy Management systems from FoxPro for Dos to Delphi and then to C#.NET Web Services and an ASP.NET website. During the conversion from FoxPro to Delphi I had to act as Business Analyst to gather requirements for changes to screens and desired new features to the system. I was also responsible for testing and QA of the software we converted from FoxPro to Delphi in the early years due to a lack of a Testing and QA department.
Used AGILE methodology for development of new Web Application to offer customers online quoting.
Worked with SQL Server 2005 to handle authentication of the website and storage of quotes given on the website.
Moved Rating systems from Delphi to C# and created a Web service so legacy systems still in Delphi could access it.
Created new Policy Model class in C# for the website to use and gather information from the customer.
Created new Data Access model in C# for the website to retrieve and save customer information.
In my last 3 years I led 2 other developers in the maintenance of our Delphi systems and 1 other developer in the development of new Web services and Web applications.
Developed and maintained DB/2 and SQL Server databases.
Created customer forms (i.e. Bills, Declarations Page) with PlanetPress and then later with Exstream Dialogue. Created base forms and objects that other forms could be built from.
Created a TCP/IP Socket hub for processing customer credit cards.
Developed and maintained an Auto Attendant to answer incoming customer calls and route them accordingly to either Sales, Customer Service or allow them to check the status of their policy and make payments.
Developed and maintained a system to route calls to agents based on availability.
Developed and maintained systems to notify customers of pending events related to their insurance policy.

Consultant 1996, Pinnacle International Atlanta, GA
Developed a back office system for a franchise of Burger King to track sales data, hours worked, inventory ordering and payroll.

Developer 1996, ColumbuSoft, Columbus, OH
Responsibilities include:
Maintained and enhanced a Value Added Reseller accounting system written in Delphi. This system was generally sold to other developers where they tailored it to meet their needs. It included A/R, A/P, G/L, Payroll, Fixed Assets, and Job Costing.
Developed Fixed Assets module which allowed the user to depreciate an item over time.

Consultant 1995, MK Multimedia Columbus, OH
Developed shrink-wrapped commercial software, in Delphi 1.0, to help take the mysteries out of leasing and purchasing a vehicle. The program took input from the user such as type of vehicle, MSRP, trade-in, down-payment, interest rates, and other information and generated monthly payment amounts as well as a report telling you how much you actually are spending, what and how that money is being applied (i.e. how much to interest and how much to principal). The software could also tell you how much car you can afford based on how much you can pay a month across a spread of interest rates.

Education
1.5 years at DeVry in their CIS program
Contact this candidate