SUDHA K
Contact: +91-887*******
E-Mail: ac13c0@r.postjobfree.com
Skype: sudha.devi17

OBJECTIVE

A versatile, high-energy mobile application developer with the distinction of executing prestigious projects of large magnitude within strict time schedule

PROFILE SUMMARY

A Mobile Application Developer with 4 years of experience Software Development, Application Maintenance & Support and Project Execution
Well versed with Android Application Development
Experienced in working with clients Projects and technical teams for executing concurrent projects
Proficiency in technical documentation, design, development and troubleshooting for Mobile Application Development (using via, Java, Android Applications, etc.)

ORGANISATIONAL EXPERIENCE

Currently working as a Software Engineer in iExemplar Software India Pvt Ltd, Coimbatore (may 2014-Till Date)

Project Name : Personal Budget Planner
Team Size : 1
Description : Expense is inevitable and to recollect when the wallet money never tallies is very frustrating. Plan your monthly budgets and record your daily expenses. Analysis reports and pie-charts helps you to monitor your expenses and control them. And It has been uploaded in the app store.
(https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.iexemplar.financeplanner&hl=en)

Project Name : Ufficient (Client Project)
Team Size : 2
Additional Features Included: Push Notification, Facebook Integration, Google plus, Twitter, LinkedIn,Google Map
Description : Simultaneously Communicate with All Companies
Hold Multiple Conversations at Once
Instant Recommendations from Friends
Send Pictures, Videos, Texts & Voice
Personalized Services: Businesses can now know your exact, Individual Needs &Circumstances & Service you on a Personal Level.
Faster than a Phone Call: In the Amount of Time it takes to make a Phone Call, you can send your Request to Multiple Businesses.
Project Name : eShareCard (Client Project-Worked under Agile Methodologies.)
Team Size : 2
Additional Features Included: Push Notification, Google Map, Badge count, Encryption & Decryption concept.
Duration : 1 Year
Description : The Card Share mobile app is used to share the created own card or other’s card to one or more users through the online using mobile number based on the country. The five types of cards are available namely Quick card, Personal card, Business card, Company card and also Economy card. Each one has the specific functionality. The user can auto sync primary device phone contacts and also user can merge "n" number of devices to single account and all the devices uniformly will contain the same data.

Project Name : NOID (Client Project-Worked under Agile Methodologies.)
Team Size : 2
Duration : 2015-till date
Description : It’s an Irrigation Systems is a complete and seamless control of Outdoor Environment of things. NOID helps in making the day-to-day life easier by collaborating the Mobile and Embedded platform thereby helping us to automate, schedule activities and maintain a property effortlessly.

Project Name : AgriTel (Client Project-Worked under Agile Methodologies.)
Team Size : 4
Duration : 2016 –till date
Description : This project is designed to meet the requirements in handling various agriculture based equipment’s like controllers, valves, lights etc. These applications helps the users to install each of their units, configure and control them remotely, monitor the working status and communicate with the technical team for assistance in case of issues.

Carolina Technology Solutions –Mobile Application Developer with 8 months experience (from June-2012 to January-2013)

* During the period I have done own project, the name is VACCINATION CHART. It’s an application which gives the entire details about the vaccination for the children from the day they born and its necessity will be present in this app. In addition to this it will intimate the user in a particular time interval.

* Working as a client project which is based on the church(St Peter’s Church) .It describe about events,prayer request, Church information and in which time events are conducted by the church and donate the money to church using PayPal transaction and also shared to the face book

Nithra Edu Solutions India Private Ltd –Mobile Application Developer (from May – 2013 to May 2014)

Project Name : My Resume
Team Size : 1
Description : It’s an application which gives the entire details about resume and easy way to create resume with required format. This app contains 10 formats of professional resume and it generate by pdf format .And it has been uploaded in the app store. (https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.nithra.resume&hl=en)

Project Name : Smart Resume
Team Size : 1
Additional Features Included : Push Notification, Google purchasing.
Description : Smart Resume Builder app is an all in one solution for building Innovative and Leading Edge Resume/CV. With the simple User-Friendly Interface Smart Resume Builder, allows you to build resumes in just about a minute with different Languages. It contains different types of Professional Resume Formats. You can also change your font size and style as desired. There are several resume formats included, you can use them to help you create a great looking resume .Just fill the blanks to create your resume and Save as PDF file. It includes preview PDF and Share to email option so you can email from your device and it has been upload in the app store. (https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.nithra.nithraresume&hl=en)

IT SKILLS

Platform: Android
Programming Languages: Android, Core Java
Operating Systems: Working with Windows XP, Windows 7, Windows 8, Windows 10
Development Environments: Eclipse IDE, Android Studio 2.3.3
Tools: Android SDK Platform Tools
Data Base SQLite
HTTP clients JSON, XML, REST, Retrofit 2.3.0 etc.
Working Methodology Agile

EDUCATION

B.E. (CSE) in Surya Engineering College., Erode with 79.5%

PERSONAL DETAILS

Date of Birth: 17 May 1991
Mother’s Name K. Malarkodi
Address: MurugamPalayam, Parancheervali (po), Kangayam, Tiruppur (DT)
Mother tongue Tamil
Languages Known: English, Tamil
Marital status Single

DECLARATION

I hereby declare that the information furnished above is true to the best of my knowledge.

DATE:
PLACE: Coimbatore (K.Sudha)
Contact this candidate