Dear HR Manager:
The purpose of this letter is to express my interest in your Senior PHP Developer position. I’m an advanced and versatile developer with 7+ years of professional experience using PHP/MySQL, C#, VB.net, HTML/5, CSS/3, and JavaScript. I specialize in database management for both LAMP and Windows environments. I’m also well versed with frontend technologies such as Bootstrap, JQuery and JQuery UI. I also have experience with wordpress, API, mobile development, and Unity 3D among many more technologies.
My current employer provides fundraising and advertising services for well respected national organizations. I am in charge of debugging their landing pages, and (in some cases) payment terminals as well as maintaining their extensive databases consisting of personal information and payment data. I recently provided a new, responsive UI for my peers and our clients to view and retrieve information. I also developed a propriety system for state-level groups to rapidly design and publish petitions. The system integrates numerous 3rd-party email tools and payment terminals. Most recently, I completed an Android/Apple application for one of their most popular news websites. We also own notable news sites that garner millions of views and hundreds of thousands of dollars annually. These sites are powered by Word Press and run on LAMP servers. It is my duty to ensure the stability of these sites. I frequently install and replace plugins to serve the sites’ needs. Some of which include Google Analytics, advertising, SMTP emailing, Facebook and SEO optimization, as well as virus protection. Using cPanel and WHM I modify system settings to provide the most optimal experience for our viewers.
Outside of my professional work, I sharpen my skills and learn new technologies. I have personally built and published several Android/Apple applications. I also have utilized Unity 3D and I am currently building my own Voxel engine.
I enjoy working in a team environment, but I also work well on my own. I conduct myself in a respectful manner striving to help those around me succeed. In addition, I adapt quickly to new environments and technologies and take every opportunity to learn from my peers. I hope for the opportunity to discuss this position soon. I thank you for taking a moment to read my letter. Your time and effort is much appreciated.
Sincerely,
Elijah Pepin
Contact this candidate