DIVYA THAMPI
MOBILE APPLICATION DEVELOPER
CAREER SUMMARY
My career objectives is to attain the role in your esteemed organization, where I can utilize my expertise skills that I have gained, to enhance the reputation of the organization in the respective industry. WORK EXPERIENCE
1.Team Lead at MASALABOX PVT (December 2016-Present) Projects
Role and Responsibility:
Developed both frontend and backend code(UI and functionality of Android App,fb integration,linphone library integration,Instagram,twitter,UI design in Ios app) 1.MasalaBox
The app is a platform which connects chefs and customers in the town so that customers can order food online.
Playstore link:https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.xyz.masalabox Appstore link:https://itunes.apple.com/in/app/masala-box/id960602914?mt=8 Front End: Android Studio/Xcode,Back End: Prestashop framework 2.Tiffin
The app is a food subscription service which provide homemade food delivery in a tiffin basis like weekly/monthly.
Playstore link:https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.masalabox.tiffin Front End: Android Studio/Xcode,Back End: Prestashop framework 2.Senior Mobile Developer at Divox Communications Pvt Ltd (September 2015 – December2016) Projects
Role and Responsibility:
Developed both frontend and backend code(UI and functionality of Android App,fb integration,linphone library integration,Instagram,twitter,UI design in Ios app) 1.Frendy
frendy is a high definition mobile voice application for Android, featuring functionality like Voice, in-app products and many more.
Front End: Android Studio/Xcode,Back End: Linphone Sdk,Team size-5 Playstore link:https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.friendytalk 2. HD Dialer Pro
HD Dialer Pro offers a simple user interface and superb audio quality for smooth Voice over IP experience. Front End: Android Studio/Xcode,Back End: Linphone Sdk -Team size-4 Playstore link:- https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.hddialerpro 3.FrendyFlexi
With frendyFlexi, now all Resellers and Shopkeepers can forget the old way doing business through web panels. Here you can do functions like add sub-distributor, shopkeeper, recharge subscribers to frendy users and so on. frendyFlexi is now a part of VoIP revolution and you can be a part of that too. Enjoy calling with frendy and do business with frendyFlexi. Front End: Android Studio,Back End:Rest webservice-Team size-1 Playstore link:- https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.divox.frendyflexi 3.Android Developer at PUMEX INFOTECH (August 2012 – August 2015) Projects
1 .CCN Android
To provide our contractor members to utilize the existing 4P sales process on an Android device, where they can upload their answer book materials. The uploads should be done so that the materials end up in the right location in the presentation and that they correspond to the correct question in the process.
Front End: Android ADT,Back End: By using SOAP Parsing-Team size-1 Role and Responsibility:Developed both frontend and backend code(UI and functionality) 2.Dynshow
A mobile application which enables to share and present files from your mobile device. A complete dynamic presentation and information sharing with others are the advantage. Front End Android ADT-Team size-1
Role and Responsibility:Developed both frontend and backend code(UI and functionality) 3.Lisa
It is a database with current data on employment. For each sector, for each geographical area and for all locations where paid work is carried LISA provides current employment information. Published in Play store.
Front End: Android ADT Back End: Json response API-Team size-2 Playstore link:- https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.lisa.app&hl=en Role and Responsibility:Developed both frontend and backend code(UI and functionality) 4.Pay.nl
With Pay can iDeal, credit cards and other online payments accept. Through this app, we offer Pay.nl payments for mobile users. Together with our customers we ensure that online payment services now and in the future, safe, simple and flawless
Front End: Android ADT, Back End: Json response API. Team size-2 Playstore link:- https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.scoremedia.paynl&hl=en Role and Responsibility:Developed both frontend and backend code(UI and functionality) 5.Predictive Dialer
Predictive dialer makes a particular number of calls based on some criteria which depends on dial time, waiting time, success rate, fail rate using Asterisk server Manager Interface. With reports and campaign management and agent management in web interface. Front End: Java Spring, Java swing Back End: MySQL Team size-6
Role and Responsibility:Developed both frontend and backend code(UI and functionality) 6.Genesis Plug in
A plug-in of Soft Talk for built providing call control and queue status management. Front End: - Java Swing, Back End: Asterisk
Team size-2
Role and Responsibility:Developed both frontend and backend code(UI and functionality) 7.Outlook Plug in
It’s a plug-in for Jitsi Soft talk communicator in which fetch the MS Outlook status from the agents and setting it in the plug-in
Front End: Java Swing, Back End: MS Outlook
Team size-2
Role and Responsibility:Developed both frontend and backend code(UI and functionality) 8.Corporate Directory
it’s a plug-in for Jitsi Soft talk communicator in which fetch the all user from the Microsoft Active Directory. It is a staff directory storing Desktop application Front End: Java Swing. Back End: My SQL, Active Directory Team size-2
Role and Responsibility:Developed both frontend and backend code(UI and functionality) 9.HR Recruitment
It’s a web based application similar to jobsite. It consisting of 3 user roles Recruiter, HR Admin and Candidates.
Front End: Java Spring. Back End: My SQL.
Team size-2
Role and Responsibility:Developed both frontend and backend code(UI and functionality) TECHNICAL SKILLS
• Operating systems: Windows (XP, 7, 8), Linux (Ubuntu)
• Programming languages: Android,IOS,Objective C, Java/ J2EE, Core Java
• JIRA,SVN,GITHUB,GIT
• Database: MySQL, SQLite
• Internet Technologies: HTML, JSP, Java Script, jQuery, Spring, AJAX, REST, JSON
• IDEs:Android Studio, Xcode,NetBeans, Eclipse, ADT
• Web servers: Tomcat 7
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
• Strong knowledge of Android SDK,IOS xcode different versions of Android, and how to deal with different screen sizes
• Expert with RESTful APIs to connect Android applications to back-end services
• Strong knowledge of Android UI design principles, patterns, and best practices
• Experience with offline storage, threading, and performance tuning
• Knowledge of the open-source Android and the libraries available for common tasks
• Ability to understand business requirements and translate them into technical requirements
• Experience with cloud message APIs and push notifications
• Understanding of Google’s Android design principles and interface guidelines
• Proficient understanding of code versioning tools, such as Git,SVN
• Experience with third party SDK integration's like FB. ACADEMIC QUALIFICATIONS
Course University/Syllabus %
SSLC Kerala 86
Higher Secondary Kerala 85
B Tech MG 67
PERSONAL DETAILS
Divya Thampi,
Palaparambil House, Channanikad PO, Kottayam
T: 919*********
E: ac3e8r@r.postjobfree.com
LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/divya-thampi-59421944/ DECLARATION
I hereby declare that all the above information are true and correct to the best of my knowledge and belief.
Place: Kochi
Date: 16-November-2017 DIVYA THAMPI
Contact this candidate