CAREER PROFILE
• An IOS App Developer with * years of progressive experience in iPhone/iPad App/Apple Watch App Development.
• Self-motivated with the ability to excel in a fast-paced environment, communicate effectively at all levels, manage competing priorities, and adapt readily to new challenges.
• Good understanding of creating applications for native iPhone and Apple watch using Objective C and Swift language and have experience in hybrid Mobile app development using technologies like Cordova, jQuery, HTML 5 and CSS3
• Awareness of SDLC and agile development methodology Professional Tools:
• Good analytical & presentation skills.
• Core strength in leading teams to meet deadlines, and working in a team based environment.
• Excellent communication and negotiation skills, with the ability to develop, maintain and strengthen relationship across all levels.
• Adaptable, reliable, very well organized and able to work effectively under pressure. Technical Skills/Exposure:
• Experience with iPhone application development using iPhone SDK, Cocoa framework, Objective-C and Xcode
• Strong optimization and debugging skills
• Developed new and existing iPhone Applications.
• Code Review, design, development of customized components and reports, and customization of iOS components.
• Partnered with designers to help define and implement User Interface.
• iPhone App Development: iPhone/iPad SDK 6.1 and above.
• Programming Languages Known: Good Knowledge of Objective C, SWIFT and Java.
• Database Technologies: SQLite, MS-Access
• Web Technologies: HTML5, CSS3, Javascript. jQuery
• Operating Systems: Macintosh OS 10.7.1 and above versions, iPhone OS 6 and above.
• Fundamentals: MS DOS and MS Office 2003, 2007, 2010. WORK EXPERIENCE
Company : Tata Consultancy Services
Duration : Dec’13 – Dec’16
Designation : System Engineer
Reporting : Project Manager
IPHONE/IPAD App Development Experience with TCS
Colleague Finder
Colleague Finder is a hybrid mobile application used by TCS enterprise employees to search the contact details of their colleagues in an expeditious manner. It enables employees to also use context like location information to be smarter about how they contact their colleagues. It also includes a Colleague Finder application server that securely connects to the corporate database to retrieve contact data for employees to enable the mobile application. Responsibility Developing the Native Code using Objective C and HTML 5 and CSS 3 using jQuery Mobile Framework Technology MAC OS X, Xcode 5.0 and Apache Cordova 3.5.0 MyMart
App for the company employers to post ads, buy sell or rent their belongings including home, electronics etc. It is a hybrid app build using Apache Cordova and Xcode.
Responsibility Developing the Native Code to create custom plugins and HTML5 & CSS3 Technology MAC OS X, Xcode 6.0, iOS 7 and above, Apache Cordova 4.2.0 C Rajisha
Mobile: +966-*********
E-mail: ac4mpi@r.postjobfree.com
Road Safety
Road Safety is a native mobile application which would be used by TCS employees to post road safety updates on the apps. It has features like setting reminders for insurance - PUC renewal, weather updates and quizzes. It also provides gaming interface for the users apart from the safety. Responsibility Developing the app in Objective C
Technology MAC OS X, Xcode 6.1, iOS 7 and above
Friend4Life App
Appstore Link : https://itunes.apple.com/in/app/friend4life/id1055628952?mt=8 This application is for Senior Citizens who have basic knowledge of phone. The entire app has been built with a bigger font size to help senior citizens. Through this app you can check the phone logs and messages. The users can set reminders for medicines and appointments. Moreover, the app has nearby functionality feature which shows nearby police stations, hospitals and fire brigade centers.
Apple Watch Extension:
Friend4Life was targeted for Chinese Nationals. It had a feature of localization both for iPhone and Apple Watch. The application is live and can be uploaded from the Appstore. Responsibility Development in hybrid code using HTML5/CSS3 and jQuery Mobile and Objective C for custom Plugins. Development of Apple Watch in Swift
Technology MAC OS X, Xcode 6.1, iOS 7 and above, Apache Cordova 4.5 Ana Emirati App
This mobile applications was targeted for Etihad airways employees. The main features of the application was to notify users about the upcoming events, opportunities within the organization. The app is live and has been uploaded in the organizations Appstore.
Responsibility Development of push notification module using Angular JS Technology MAC OS X, Xcode 7.1, iOS 7 and above, Apache Cordova 5 Canteen App
This application was a Proof of Concept developed to demonstrate the feasibility of a Canteen Application with some basic features like Notification Tray, Weekly Menu, Table Reservation, Feedback, Third Party Vendor Details etc. Responsibility Development in Swift.
Technology MAC OS X, Xcode 7.1, iOS 8 and above, Swift Company : eduCBA
Duration : Jan’17 – June’17
Designation : iOS Online Tutor
Creating Online Tutorials for iOS Development
Have also created tutorials on iOS Development, thereby teaching students across the globe on how to start with iPhone App Development, Installation of supported software, uploading Apps to Appstore etc. Company : Freelancing
Duration : June’17 – till date
Designation : iPhone Mobile App Developer
IPHONE/IPAD App Development Experience as a Freelancer App for the General Directorate of Prison, KSA
Appstore Link : https://itunes.apple.com/sa/app/balagh-public/id1165308972?mt=8 https://itunes.apple.com/sa/app/balagh-admin/id1165756284?mt=8 This app has been designed for the betterment of Directorate General of Prison Department for Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, wherein through this application the staff can raise tickets. I have worked on the updated version of this application as they wanted to add some more features to this app like push notification, sending mail, etc.For e.g. If tube lights, fan is not working properly in a particular floor of the prison, they can raise tickets through this application, which will send a push notification to the admin and admin will then look into the ticket and resolve it. Apart from this, the other functionalities include sending push notification to all the app users at one go, sending mails of the ticket generated, rejection of tickets and thereby sending push notification to the user about the rejected ticket etc.
Responsibility Development in Swift
Technology MAC OS X, Xcode 8.3, iOS 8 and above, Swift Cab Booking App
Appstore Link : https://itunes.apple.com/in/app/muhrah/id1317577071?mt=8 This is a cab booking application, wherein the passenger selects the pick up and destination and based on the location and car type selected the nearby cabs will be shown and the passenger can select a driver based on his ratings and book a cab. This application is also for the driver wherein the drivers can register and can get request for the booking and thereby accept/ reject a trip. This app also includes live tracking of the driver through google maps and firebase, google based navigation to the destination, booking history, language settings etc. are some of the functionalities of this application.
Responsibility Development in Objective C
Technology MAC OS X, Xcode 8.3, iOS 8 and above, Objective C EDUCATIONAL BACKGROUND
Degree Institution/University Stream Year
Marks
(in %)
MCA Sardar Vallabhabai Institute Of Technology Computers 2013 9.28 (CGPA) BCA
Maharaja Sayajirao Gaekwad University
(MSU)
Computers 2010 77.6
XII Sabari Vidyalaya Science 2007 66.40
X Sabari Vidyalaya All 2005 86.00
PERSONAL DETAILS:
DATE OF BIRTH : 19-AUGUST-1989.
MARITAL STATUS : Married
HUSBAND’S NAME : Mr. Ankush Manoharan
LANGUAGES KNOWN : English, Hindi, Malayalam and Gujarati. HOBBIES : Playing Badminton, Reading Novels
I hereby declare that the above information provided by me is true to the best of my knowledge and any changes will be notified.
Contact this candidate