Daniel Rivera
**** ********* ***** ******** ** **062 404-***-**** ac8hjw@r.postjobfree.com
A dynamic team player with excellent IT support and programming knowledge using Java and Swift to develop applications within Android and iOS devices.
Proficient with programming languages and knowledgeable in using Adobe Cloud applications.
Strong analytical problem solving abilities and a high enthusiasm for developing excellent relationships with people.
Career Summary
Peachtree Orthopedics 2017 – Present
System Administrator
JETT Business Technology 2016 – 2017
System Administrator
Partners in Performance 2014 – 2015
Senior Helpdesk Support
CBIZ, Inc 2011 – 2014
Support Specialist III
KForce Inc, Atlanta GA 2009 – 2011
Network Ops Mgmt Tech: Aetna Insurance - Contractor Dextrys Inc, Atlanta GA 2007 – 2009
IT consultant for GE Healthcare - Contractor
Fordham-Tremont/St. Barnabas Hospital, Bronx NY 2003 – 2007 Network Admin Assistant/Information Systems Technician Education
Full Sail University Online Marietta, Ga
Bachelor’s Degree in Mobile App Development (September 2018) New Horizons Computer Learning Center Atlanta, Ga
A+/Network+/MCSA
College of Westchester White Plains NY
Associate Degree: Computer Systems Management (May 2001) Magna Cum Laude Honors
1
Certifications
CompTIA A+ IT Technician
CompTIA Network+
ITIL - Foundation
Microsoft Certified Professional (MCP) 2003
Microsoft Certified Systems Administrator (MCSA) 2003 Professional Experience
Peachtree Orthopedics 2017 - Present
System Administrator
Manage user exchange accounts using Office365 Exchange Console and Powershell
Management and deployment of Meraki and AdTran access points
Provide onsite support to customers as needed servicing both PC and Mac clients.
Provided remote support to clients using VNC or Remote Desktop
Management of HP Aruba switches and Dell Servers throughout the separate office locations.
Manage 3rd party ticketing system and help desk personnel to keep ticket resolution times with the SLA time frame.
JETT Business Technology 2016 - 2017
System Administrator
Manage user exchange accounts using Office365 Exchange Console
Managed and administered rollout of Office365 software
Created training documentation for company applications
Moderated employee training sessions of new software rollouts
Management of Sonicwall firewalls
Provide onsite support to customers as needed
Provided remote support to clients using MSP Connect and LogMeIn
Used Solarwinds N-able to monitor workstations and servers for clients
Configured and deployed servers, workstations and Sonicwall Firewalls at client locations.
Partners in Performance 2014 – 2015
Senior Helpdesk Support
Provide exceptional level 1 – 3 IT helpdesk support to the global staff, in particular those across North, Latin and South America. Support provided via skype, remote control and instant chat
Lead projects to drive continuous improvement to our IT systems architecture, aligned with the Department’s priorities.
Maintained and managed Okta’s Single Sign On application. 2
Implemented new user training documentation and process checklist.
Trained new users working in North and South American regions
Managed and created new users on various systems including, Active Directory, Skype, Box, Openair, and Netsuite.
CBIZ, Inc 2011 – 2014
Support Specialist III
Managed over 100 user accounts over 3 office locations in using Active Directory Tools.
Responsible for the inventory and replacement of leased Dell equipment.
Installation and configuration of windows server 2008 via vmware and managed through vsphere
Administration of backups, utilizing Symantec Backup Exec.
Resolve problems reported through the help desk tracking system, desktop support and application support calls.
Administration of the Shoretel system, including the day-to-day operation of Voice over IP telephone systems.
Configure smartphones to access CBIZ emails and mobile applications (Android, iOS, Blackberry)
Integrate new office acquisitions into the CBIZ enterprise network model.
Delegates appropriate share folder permissions to fit Business Unit’s needs
Trained users on the use of new and existing technologies. KForce Inc, Atlanta GA 2009 – 2011
Network Ops Mgmt Tech: Aetna Insurance - Contractor
Tier 2 desktop support team distributed support, desktop and infrastructure maintenance, installation services, and problem resolution.
Give 1st level support for Aetna's workstations via the telephone and remote control, when needed.
Work with other internal support organizations within Information Services to achieve departmental goals and meet customer service level agreements.
Manage administrative processes (asset, change, and problem management) to meet departmental objectives.
Dextrys Inc, Atlanta GA 2007 – 2009
IT consultant for GE Healthcare - Contractor
Installed and updated GE PACS workstation software and hardware at various hospital locations within the US Southeast Zone.
Performed installations on HP and Dell servers with proprietary GE software on Windows Server 2K3
3
Used GE PACS Administrative tools to update users and workstations privileges on the Centricity Database
Operated various remote access tools such as Remote desktop, VNC and VPN to connect to workstations and servers
Utilized troubleshooting skills and knowledge of PACS work flow and Centricity Software to insure proper functionality of all equipment.
Managed Data migration from one Archive Server to another using GE’s Enterprise Archiver proprietary software.
Fordham-Tremont CMHC St. Barnabas Hospital, Bronx NY 2003 – 2007 Network Admin Assistant/Network IT Tech
Managed 150 + user accounts and workstations over four site locations using Active Directory on Windows Server 2000 and Exchange 2000
Performed daily backups of network resources
Maintained Database of workstations inventory
Trained users on basic usage for various software including Medical Manger and Microsoft Outlook
Supported 2000 desktop workstations for the hospital and its affiliates
Trained users on basic usage for various software including Medical Manger and the various Microsoft office applications.
Utilized HEAT software to receive, update and close service tickets
Used troubleshooting skills and tools to resolve network and hardware issues that may arise including replacement of workstation parts for example, Motherboard, power supplies and hard drives.
Configured new workstations to hospital approved standards
Managed phone extensions and voicemail utilizing Avaya Voice-over IP Site Administration software.
Skills
Programming Languages: Swift, Java, C#
Adobe Illustrator, Photoshop, Adobe XD, Indesign CC
MySQL, Visual Studios 2015, Powershell
Windows 8/7/Vista/XP/2000/, Mac OSX
Microsoft Office Package 2003/2007/2010/2013/2016, Visio
MS Server 2103/2K8/2K3/2K, Exchange 2000/2013, AD Tools
Citrix, Cisco VPN Client, ManageEngine, Netsuite, Office365, EAC
Smartphones (iOS, Blackberry, Android)
VMWare vSphere, Hyper-V
Avaya & Shoretel VOIP Mgmt. System, Mitel, Skype, Meraki
Symantec Backup Exec, Storagecraft Shadowprotect
VNC, Remote Desktop, Logmein, Putty, MSP Anywhere
TCP/IP, DNS, WINS
4
References available on request
5
Contact this candidate