VRITIKA GODARA
Contact no: +919*********
Email: acdyjy@r.postjobfree.com
LinkedIn: in.linkedin.com/in/vritika961it/

Objective

To work as an iOS app developer, imbibing latest and best technical skills

Educational Qualification

Degree School/College Board/University Year GPA/Percentage

J.P. Dawar Institute of M .Sc.I.T. Veer Narmad South Gujarat
M.Sc. I.T 2013 5.38/6.0
and I.C.T. Surat (Gujarat) University

J.P. Dawar Institute of M .Sc.I.T. Veer Narmad South Gujarat
B.Sc. I.T. 2011 78.71%
and I.C.T. Surat (Gujarat) University
Kendriya Vidyalaya No.3 (ONGC), Central Board of Secondary
HSC 2008 78.4%
Surat (Gujarat) Education (CBSE)
Bright Day School, Vadodara Gujarat State Education Board
SSC 2006 88.71%
(Gujarat) (GSEB)

Work Experience

Currently working in Mumbai with La Net team software solutions Pvt. Ltd., as an iOS app
developer and tester. (Jan 2013- Jun 2013 internship, employee since July 2013)

Technical Skills

Mobile Technologies: iOS, PhoneGap
Web Technologies: Asp.Net, J2EE,PHP, HTML, JavaScript, CSS
Programming Languages: C, C++, Objective C, VB.Net, C#.Net, Java, PHP
RDBMS Products: MS Access, Oracle,MySQL, SQL Sever
Operating Systems: Windows, LINUX(Ubuntu)
Key Projects

Resolution Survey (ongoing)
Description: A mobile application, which enables users to create their own survey on mobile
and ask their friends to answer the questions in the survey
Role: Working with phoneGap in a team of 5 members
Pluto (4 months and ongoing)
Description: An iPhone application which enables user to watch television on mobile. It uses
live video streaming concept. The user can also chat with friends or a particular channel for a
particular video.
Role: Worked with iOS in a team of 3 members, extensively tested the app
ShuffleCar (6 months)
Description: Mobile supported web app that enables users of Taylor's university, Malaysia, to
carpool with each other
Role: Worked with MVC architecture in CakePHP and used MySQL as backend. Mobile app
testing was done before release
iHeart (4 months)
Description: An informative iPad application that gives user hands-on access to every detail of
Primary Children's Medical Centre hospital in Utah, USA
Role: Worked with iOS and used pList as backend to store informative data
nomadResto (2 months)
Description: An iPad application that uses POS concept in a restaurant. With the customer
module of this application the user can place order, view menu, edit order and also reorder
Role: Worked with iOS and MySQL as backend. MySQL was used for CRUD operations.
Rigorously tested the app and submitted bugs
Mobile Music Directory(2 months)
Description: A mobile application where users can view and request registration for the
upcoming events of their favorite artists/bands/djs as well as follow them
Role: Worked with MVC framework in CakePHP, jQM (for mobile module), handlebar.js and
backbone.js. MySQL was used as backend
Online Stock and Commodity Trading (2 months- part time)
Description: A website used for stock trading and getting real time stock updates. User of the
website has to register to the site in order to initiate trading. An admin website is used to
maintain various stock details such as- company name, symbol, price etc.
Role: Worked with MVC, Java-EE architecture and used APIs like Yahoo Finance API and Java
Timer API for stock market live updates. MySQL was used as backend for database operations
Online Embroidery Office Management System(4 months-part time)
Description: An admin website that manages an embroidery work office details and factory
details. Admin can also view the office reports
Role: Worked with MVC architecture in ASP.NET with C#. Used SQL Server as backend for
database operations
Indoor Patient Department(3 months)
Description: Hospital Management System module that manages details of a patient starting
from his admission to the hospital until he gets his discharge card
ole: Worked with C#.NET and SQL Server as backend
Academic Achievements

Secured 5th position in an intra-college online exam conducted for PHP workshop conducted
by Spoken tutorial project, IIT Bombay, in collaboration with MHRD, Government of India
Appeared for online exam conducted for Linux workshop by Spoken tutorial project, IIT Bombay,
in collaboration with MHRD, Government of India
Secured 3rd position in science quiz held on National Science Day 2007, organized by Government Of
India
Was among top 3 students in my Masters batch

Co-curricular Activities
Presented a seminar on ‘ADAPTIVE CRUISE CONTROL’
Member of Computer Society of India
Participated in industrial tour to Microsoft and DQ Entertainment International, Hyderabad in
February 2012
Attended seminar on ‘T-SQL’ and ‘Software Testing’ held by ‘COMPUTER SOCIETY OF INDIA’
Contact this candidate