*
Amit Mathur
Profile
Five years of IT industry experience encompassing a wide range of skill set, roles and industry verticals.
Extensive experience with analysis, design, development, customizations and implementation of mobile iOS applications.
Proficient in analyzing and translating business requirements to technical requirements and architecture.
Database skills, Object Oriented Programming and development knowledge
Experience in leading and managing teams. Handled multiple roles - Project Lead, Developer
Good communication skills, interpersonal skills, self-motivated, quick learner, team player. Skill Set
Languages: C, C++, Java (J2SE & J2EE), Objective C, Phonegap, Swift
Client/Server: Apple Push Notification, IRC, Messaging, iCloud, Beacon Programming
R.D.B.M.S.: Sqlite, Core Data Framework
Packages: E-Business, Network & Mobile Communication Education:
2011 Post Graduation Diploma in Computer Application (“A” Level) from DOEACC Society New Delhi.
2009 Master in Computer Application (M.C.A) From Sikkim Manipal University,Poddar Centre, Jaipur
2005 Business Professional Programmer in Computer Application (“O” Level) from DOEACC Society New Delhi.
2003 Bachelor of Arts (B.A.)
Professional Experience
May 25, 2016 – Ti l l Date, Senior Mobi le iOS Developer IBM India Pvt. Ltd. India
As a senior developer responsible for Analysis, design, development and implementation of customized Migros Retail Shift Sync.
§ Responsible for development and delivering solution to our customer in the E- Business Sector.
§ Deliver new and complex high quality solutions to clients in response to varying business requirements
§ Responsible for effective communication between the project team and the customer.
§ Translate customer requirements into formal requirements and design documents, establish specific solutions, and leading the efforts including programming and testing that culminate in client acceptance of the results.
A-306, Ashwini Homes,
Near Anandapura Circle,
TC Palya Main Road
Bangalore - 560038
Mobile: +91-921*******
acwda4@r.postjobfree.com
Email :
acwda4@r.postjobfree.com
Home: +91-80-
Cell: +91-98-
2
Environment: Apple iOS Swift Language, Core Data Framework, Multi - Language Team Size: 5 to 8
Feb 25, 2016 – May 20 2016, Senior Mobi le iOS Developer IBM India Pvt. Ltd. India
As a senior developer responsible for Analysis, design, development and implementation of customized Markor Sales Consult for new implementations.
§ Responsible for development and delivering solution to our customer in the E- Business Sector.
§ Deliver new and complex high quality solutions to clients in response to varying business requirements
§ Responsible for effective communication between the project team and the customer.
§ Translate customer requirements into formal requirements and design documents, establish specific solutions, and leading the efforts including programming and testing that culminate in client acceptance of the results.
Environment: Apple iOS Swift Language, Core Data Framework, Multi - Language Team Size: 5 to 8
Nov 2015 – Jan 2016, Project Lead C G Technosoft, Jodhpur, India
§ Handled Multiple roles and responsibilities, Developer, project manager in the GoBoulder - Travel Diary ‘15 application which is used to provided the survey about the trip related experience. User gives his/her feedback or experience of trip. Survey contains the information about the user and experience about his/her trip. Survey data can be analyzed statistically.
§ Project Lead - requirements and design phases, Project manager - project planning, scheduling, risk mitigation and customer coordination.
Environment: Objective C, Sqlite Database
App Store: https://itunes.apple.com/in/app/travel-diary-15-for-city-boulder/id1034976430?mt=8# Team Size: 5
Apri l 2015 – Jan 2016, Technical Analyst C G Technosoft, Jodhpur, India CoffeeW,nk is a sophisticated mobile application for like-minded people to connect via advanced GPS plotting for face-to-face meetings at any cafe or mutually-agreed venues anywhere throughout the world over- coffee. My role is as follows:
§ Work with Business Analyst in translating business requirements into Functional Requirements Document and to Detailed Design Documents
§ Lead analysis sessions, gather requirements and write specification and functional design documents for enhancements and customization, Analyze product impact
§ Present and defend product designs and architecture to clients
§ Coordinate and communicate tasks with developers
§ Ensure that development is performed as per requirements
§ Work with QA to create test scripts and scenarios for enhancements and customizations to the core product
§ Develop implementation and test plans, build software acceptance criteria, coordinate and work with clients to oversee the acceptance and dissemination process Environment: Objective C, Sqlite Database and XMPP Framework 3
App Store: https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/coffeew-nk/id971638515?ls=1&mt=8 Team Size: 5 to 8
Nov 2014 – March 2015, Sr. iOS Developer C G Technosoft, Jodhpur, India
§ Handled multiple roles and responsibilities as a Developer, Analyst and QA in the Tribal Soccer application. It is utility kind of application in which a user can get list of sports events. User can get details of events like League's name & about sports bar. Sports bar details, search and calendar for mark events. There is also chat functionality we user want to share experience about matches & sports bar. User can share information about sports bar and post data to in-app wall.
§ Project Lead - requirements and design phases, Project manager - project planning, scheduling, risk mitigation and customer coordination.
Environment: Objective C, Sqlite Database, chat Implementation App Store: https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/tribal-soccer/id872978791?mt=8 Team Size: 5
March 2014 – Oct 2014, Systems Analyst/Project Lead C G Technosoft, Jodhpur, India
Qskippy App has two version one is Qskippy for iPhone Users & another one is ExQ (Express Queue) for iPad (Admin). User can see Restaurant List choose products & categories which he want order then after paying bill an order will send for processing.an iPad app is part of admin for this admin can check users & manage products & categories also he will confirm the order. Communication will be there via Apple Push Notification. My role is as follows:
§ Work with Business Analyst in translating business requirements into Functional Requirements Document and to Detailed Design Documents
§ Present and defend product designs and architecture to clients
§ Coordinate and communicate tasks with developers
§ Ensure that development is performed as per requirements
§ Work with QA to create test scripts and scenarios for enhancements.
§ Develop implementation and test plans, build software acceptance criteria, coordinate and work with clients to oversee the acceptance and dissemination process. Environment: Objective C, Xcode IDE
App Store Link
https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/qskippy/id924441172?ls=1&mt=8 iPad
https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/exq-expressqueue/id924445707?ls=1&mt=8 Team Size: 4
Oct 2013 – March 2014, Team Lead/ Sr. iOS Developer C G Technosoft, Jodhpur, India
§ Handled multiple roles and responsibilities as a Developer, Analyst and QA in the Mulberrys Dry Cleaners application. Enables users to have their dry cleaning picked up in less than an hour and returned the next day. Share with your friends, Find Locations, Pay your bill, check your order status, or get a price quote.
§ Work with Business Analyst in translating business requirements into Functional Requirements Document and to Detailed Design Documents
§ Present and defend product designs and architecture to clients
§ Coordinate and communicate tasks with developers
§ Ensure that development is performed as per requirements 4
§ Work with QA to create test scripts and scenarios for enhancements.
§ Develop implementation and test plans, build software acceptance criteria, coordinate and work with clients to oversee the acceptance and dissemination process. Environment: Objective C, Sharing Framework
App Store: https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/mulberrys-dry-cleaners/id917580307?%20ls=1&mt=8# Team Size: 5
Apri l 2013 – Sept 2013, Sr. iOS Developer C G Technosoft, Jodhpur, India
§ Handled multiple roles and responsibilities as a Developer, Analyst and QA in the Bad Ass Beer App application By this app you can instantly join the beer clubs at local bars, breweries and beer retailers directly from your phone. You'll earn rewards just for drinking beer, see how you rank against other beer drinkers, see which beers are on tap, and know who's at the bar before you even get there. And best of all, you'll receive offers and discounts from beer clubs you belong to. You'll also be able to connect with friends, read descriptions of every single beer, read reviews from other beer lovers, track, which beers you've had, and even create a "favorites" list to help keep track of what you like.
Environment: Objective C, Sqlite Database, and Sharing. App Store: https://itunes.apple.com/tc/app/bad-ass-beer-app/id674960168?mt=8 Team Size: 4
Dec 2012 – March 2013, Sr. iOS Developer C G Technosoft, Jodhpur, India Handled multiple roles and responsibilities as a Developer, Analyst and QA in the Building EVAC application. When an emergency strikes, The WPS Building EVAC App helps building occupants reduce the confusion and calmly follow any directions and emergency procedures. The WPS Building EVAC App is customized to the building and allows occupants instantly & easily accessible emergency information, anywhere & anytime. With step-by-step directions, users can also choose to listen to a voice automated system by prompting the command keys at the bottom of each step. Please note that for all violent intruder protocols, this voice-automated feature has been disabled to ensure the safety of all building occupants.
Environment: PhoneGap Gramework
App Store: https://itunes.apple.com/in/app/building-evac-app/id595062407?mt=8 Team Size: 3
Sept 2012 – Nov 2012, iOS Developer C G Technosoft, Jodhpur, India Patient Activator
Manage your dental practice from the palm of your hand with the FREE Mobile Dashboard App for PatientActivator® from 1-800-DENTIST®.
Dentists and office managers get instant 24/7 access to PatientActivator. Take dentistry’s #1 communication and online marketing service wherever you go.
• Access critical practice info anywhere, anytime
• View all appointments in your schedule
• Quickly make patient calls with a tap
• Monitor your PatientActivator ratings and reviews Get more done when you’re away from the office.
My Role:
5
§ Team member on customization project to develop new sessions and reports to manage trade notes. A Trade-note is a consolidation of invoices based on customer’s business rules to track payments made to several invoices.
Environment: PhoneGap Gramework
App Store: https://itunes.apple.com/in/app/patientactivator-app/id589316787?mt=8 Team Size: 3
May 2012 – Aug 2012, iOS Developer C G Technosoft, Jodhpur, India Rip Virtual
Remember loved ones (people, pets or other) the way they would like to be remembered and place the memory in cyberspace forever. RIPVIRTUAL can be used to create beautiful customized memories celebrating a lifetime.
My Role:
§ Team member on customization project to develop new sessions and reports to manage trade notes. A Trade-note is a consolidation of invoices based on customer’s business rules to track payments made to several invoices.
Environment: Objective C, Sqlite DataBase
App Store: https://itunes.apple.com/in/app/ripvirtual/id586237701?mt=8 Team Size: 4
Jan 2012 – April 2012, iOS Developer C G Technosoft, Jodhpur, India GPS Nag
Locate friends nearby you, Calendar sync, Sharing
My Role:
§ Team member on customization project to develop new sessions and reports to manage trade notes. A Trade-note is a consolidation of invoices based on customer’s business rules to track payments made to several invoices.
Environment: Phonegap Framework, Sqlite DataBase
App Store: http://itunes.apple.com/cn/app/gps-nag-free/id524007986?mt=8&uo=4 Team Size: 3
June 2011 – Dec 2011, iOS Developer C G Technosoft, Jodhpur, India Fish On- Lite
Fish On Lite is a fishing app that enables you to use various GPS featured tools, such as weather, tides, moon phase, Fuel, Bait, buoy data...etc to provide useful planning information when fishing. These popular featured tools help the Angler to plan and enjoy their fishing trip. My Role:
§ Team member on customization project to develop new sessions and reports to manage trade notes. A Trade-note is a consolidation of invoices based on customer’s business rules to track payments made to several invoices.
Environment: Phonegap Framework
App Store: https://itunes.apple.com/in/app/fish-on-lite/id564759778?mt=8 Team Size: 3
Training:
§ Microsoft Virtual Tech Days in Visual Studio .Net Framework & Other Technologies.
§ Sun Certified Java Professional (SCJP) from Sun Microsystems in May 2009.
Contact this candidate