<Name>
iOS Developer

● +** years of Work Experience in Mobile Software development.
● +8 years in iOS (Swift).
● +1 years in iOS (SwiftUI).
● +11 years of Work Experience in UI Design.
● +11 years of Work Experience in UX Design.
●Deep experience in prototyping mobile applications.
●Proficient work Experience in designing and developing mobile applications for iOS Projects.
●Experience in maintenance and updating iOS Apps into the AppStore.
●Proficiency working with iOS Frameworks, mostly with Native iOS Frameworks.
●Experience in the integration of API Services into iOS Apps.
●Experience Agile & Scrum Delivery Team with mobile projects.

Bachelor of Computer Engineering Hardware Option.

Design Skills/Tools
UX/UI Design for mobile applications
iOS Development Tools
Xcode, SwiftUI, Swift, Swift Package Dependencies, Cocoapods, AVFoundation, UIKit, Foundation, Combine, AVKit, Firebase, Geolocation, CoreData, Audiokit, RealmSwift.

Web Services
Restful Web Services, Soap, URLSession, Postman, Charles.
Testing and QA Tools
XCTest, iOS Simulator, TestFlight.
Package, Devops, & Version Control Tools
Jira, Git, Terminal, Sourcetree, Github, Gitlab, Bitbucket, Confluence.
Operating Systems
iOS.

Dish Network, Englewood, CO, US
iOS Developer
Jun 2022 - Nov 2023

Responsibilities:

●Worked with 2 company's iOS applications (BoostOne mobile and Infinite) as an iOS Developer in Swift.
●Implementing web services into the application.
●Working with project version controls on SourceTree, Git, GitLab.
●Working with Xcode, Swift, SwiftIU .
●Implementing and maintaining iOS Frameworks
●Teamwork daily remote meetings and all communication on Google meets and Gmail.
●Projects’ structure tasks and all documentation on Rally and Confluence.
●Deep Investigation when implementing new technologies into the iOS Applications.
●Scrum Methodologies within Company’s Scrum Rules.
●All commits, pushes, pulls, releases through Gitllab and SourceTree.
●All iOS Real-Device testing from Testflight and all build devops’ builds on Bitrise.
●New Architecture design using modularizaion to decouple the code and make it more testable.
●Dabbling with kotlin multiplatform to share business logic code across android and ios applications
●Use CoreData

Environment: iOS 15.0, Swift 5.0, Xcode 15.0, AVFoundation, UIKit, RxSwift, Combine, Test Cases, Security Software, Sourcetree, Bitbucket, Confluence, ChatGPT, Json, Firestore, RemoteConfig.

DISH Company Main iOS App Link: https://apps.apple.com/us/app/boostone/id1587785671

Procesar, Ciudad De México
iOS Developer
Feb 2020 - JUN 2022

Responsibilities:

●Working with the company's primary application as an iOS lead and Developer with Swift.
●Managing Build and Version Updates within iOS Archives and AppStore Connect.
●Implement CI/CD using jenkins and fastlane.
●Working with Xcode.
●Working with iOS Frameworks.
●Applications teamwork tasks within Version Controls: Sourcetree, Bitbucket.
●Projects’ structure tasks updates in Jira.
●Implements Invision UI Design into the iOS Application.
●Deep Investigation when implementing modern technologies and design into the Application.
●Agile Methodologies within Scrum Teamwork Ceremonies and Rules.
●Remote Meetings with Microsoft Teams.
●Restful Web Services and Url Services Testing with Postman
●All commits, pushes, pulls through SourceTree.
●All iOS Projects Management and Administration.
●Integration of pipelines on Bitbucket to check the quality of the code using sonar cloud.
●Implementing technologies to authenticate users like facial recognition using DAON, face id, touch id
●All iOS Real-Device Testing on TestFlight.

Procesar Company Main iOS App Link: https://apps.apple.com/us/app/aforem%C3%B3vil/id1240001519

Environment: iOS. SwiftUI, Swift,, Xcode 14.0.1, Json, Agile Methodologies, Postman, Rested, Terminal, Git, Sourcetree, Bitbucket, iOS UI Design, iOS UX Experience, iOS Project Management, Confluence.

Ironbit, Ciudad De México
iOS Developer
JAN 2017 - DEC 2018

Responsibilities:

●Working on a Productive iOS App.
●Worked with MVVM Design Pattern for any updates and clean code for a better project structure.
●Working with iOS Frameworks
●Working with the UI Design Team to improve the Innovation of certain mobile projects.
●Worked on Bitbucket for all project’s updates.
●Worked on CocoaPods for any Frameworks' Version Updates.
●Worked with streaming of music
●Use Realm

Environment: iOS, Swift, Xcode,, Interface-Builder, UIKit framework, Push Notifications, MVVM Architecture, Scrum methodology.

Ironbit Company Main iOS App Link: https://apps.apple.com/sv/app/claro-musica/id849276806

Interceramic, Chihuahua, México
iOS Developer
OCT 2012 - JUN 2017

Responsibilities:

●Worked in iOS Mobile Development.
●Worked in Mobile UIKit and Storyboards.
●Use Firebase crashlitycs, analitycs, pushnotifications..
●Create application from the scratch using Objective C.
●Work in the migration from Objective C to swift.
●Create Restful and Soap Services Usisng PSQL & Mobile Applications Development.
●implementation of an external hardware named Captuvo to scan bar codes

Environment: iOS, iPhone, iPod Touch,,Xcode, Json, Postman, MapKit, Alamofire, Firebase, Inventory
Contact this candidate