Poshan Pandey (He/Him/His)
+1-312-***-**** ad0bzk@r.postjobfree.com www.linkedin.com/in/ppandey6 Chicago, IL 60616 EXPERIENCE
Graduate Research Assistant – Illinois Institute of Technology Aug 2023 – Present
● Develop models for different experiments (isothermal titration calorimetry, spectroscopic reporters of binding, enzyme kinetics, catalytic efficiency, analytical ultracentrifugation) that include thermodynamic, kinetic, and noise parameters.
● Develop software (based on pymc4?) that accepts multiple data sources as input and provides analyses of samples from Bayesian posteriors as output. Analyses include convergence metrics, 1D and 2D marginals, the maximum a posteriori estimate, and 95% credible interval as output. Mobile Application Developer - Ekbana Solutions Pvt. Ltd. (Lalitpur, Nepal) Feb 2021 – July 2022
● Implemented an API integration solution that improved data accessibility and reduced data-entry errors by 90%, saving 15+ hours per week
● Managed a project with team of 8 following Agile methodologies, Profit of 86% in project. Part-Time AI Research Assistant - MounTech Solutions Pvt. Ltd. (Lalitpur, Nepal) Jan 2020 – Aug 2020
● Optical Character Recognition of the Devanagari characters and numbers using custom made data set.
● Implemented automated data cleansing for the Devanagari dataset and increased time efficiency by 90 %. Flutter Developer Intern – Techno Dawn Pvt. Ltd. (Lalitpur, Nepal) Aug 2019 – Jan 2020
● Responsive UI/UX design and state management of hybrid mobile apps SKILLS
Coding Languages: Kotlin, Java, JS, Html, CSS, Dart, Python, C, C++ Project Management: Agile, JIRA, Trello, MS Project, Git, GitHub, Bitbucket, Gitlab Framework: Flutter, ReactJS, Docker, TensorFlow, Pytorch, Flask, Node Operating System: Windows, Linux, Ubuntu
Cloud System: AWS, Azure, Google Cloud
EDUCATION
Master of Science in Computer Science Aug 2022 – May 2024(expected) Illinois Institute of Technology, Chicago, Illinois Coursework: Mobile Application Development, Design and Analysis of Algorithms, Applied stat, deep learning, SPM Bachelor of Software Engineering, CGPA: 3.60/4.0 Jun 2016 – Jun 2021 Nepal College of Information Technology, Lalitpur, Nepal Coursework: Application Development, Algorithms, Advanced databases, Project Management Frameworks, Java PROJECTS
A Comparative study of Bike Sharing Users: An Analysis of Divvy Trip data in Chicago 2023
● Academic project at IIT for Applied Statistics (Grade: A), Used R programming language to analyze data
● Compared various rides and implemented ride prediction and visualize various categories of divvy rides. Identification of Rice Leaf Disease using Deep Convolutional Network (Mobile Application) 2020
● Major undergrad academic project (Grade:97%), Implemented project using TensorFlow framework
● Deployed in mobile and web platform using Flutter framework.
● Used CNN for the purpose and compares performance, FastRCNN performed best with 86% accuracy. YarsaVision 2019-Present
● Founded, manage, and write articles to https://www.yarsavision.com, a platform dedicated to insightful content on machine learning and data science.
LEADERSHIPS & ACHIEVEMENTS
● Winner of NCIT website designing competition & First Runner-Up of Sagarmatha Tech fest website development competition 2019
● Organized NCIT Expo on Technology (NEXT). Demonstrated leadership and organizational skills in managing a team of volunteers ensuring the smooth execution of event, collaborated with industry professionals and academic experts to plan and deliver informative and engaging event.
Contact this candidate