SHADI OTHMAN
Regina, SK S*X*C*
ad0mbb@r.postjobfree.com / 306-***-****
PROFILES
GitHub https://github.com/ShadiOthm/
LinkedIn www.linkedin.com/in/shadiothman-23467735 SUMMARY
Organized, self-motivated and problem-solving Web and Mobile Applications Developer with 2 years of success designing and implementing code solutions. Goal-oriented to understand business problems and create solutions to improve functionality. Work effectively independently and in collaborative settings. EDUCATION AND TRAINING
Business Information Systems Advanced Diploma: Information And Computer Systems 06/2021 Saskatchewan Institute of Applied Sciences And Technology - Regina, SK Bachelor of Science: Pharmaceutical Medicine 07/2001 Mansoura University - Egypt
SKILLS
jQuery, JavaScript, Angular, JSON, XML
HTML5, jQuery, CSS3, and Bootstrap
Produce dynamic Web pages with node.js, NextJs,
Ajax, WordPress and php
Database analysis and modeling
Production of .NET applications
Data testing
Data conversion and migration
Agile methodology
Customer needs assessment
Writing queries
EXPERIENCE
Data Administrator / eHealth Saskatchewan - Regina, SK 11/2021 - 02/2022 Assessed customer needs and goals through communication and system evaluations to modify existing databases for personalized customization.
Communicated with data architects, programmers and engineers to keep projects on track. Performed quality assurance processes to support data warehouse improvements. First point of contact for the public for privacy questions, making requests, complaints. Respond to access to information requests, managing the deliverables and deadlines as outlined in The Health Information Protection Act (HIPA) and The Freedom of Information and Protection of Privacy Act (FOIP). Website Developer / Easy Job Quote Company - Vancouver, BC 07/2020 - 07/2021 Contributed back-end development experience and collaborated on multiple APIs crucial to functionality. Developed the company's websites using CakePHP and JavaScript programming languages, XAMPP and SO
MySQL.
Participated in pre-project analysis and technical assessments to develop user-friendly interface and correct functionality.
Built and applied reusable code to other projects to reduce consulting fees and development hours. Implemented backup system to protect site from outages, data loss and data corruption. Used SharePoint Kanban board and Jira for tasks and testing completion. Mobile Application Developer / Mental Health Society of Great Victoria - Regina, SK 07/2020 - 06/2021 Developed mobile application (Android and IOS) tailored to client requirements using Swift, and Java. Created app documentation which provided all pertinent information including features, capabilities, and benefits. Participated in lifecycle of Android application research and planning through app launch and client support. Customer Relations Specialist / Canada Life Assurance Company - Regina, SK 01/2019 - 06/2019 Communicated and responded to client calls professionally and courteously with a diverse group of users by providing accurate information regarding products and services offered through Canada Life.
Helped and supported clients with troubleshooting regarding re- registration process for new website.
Responded to Email and Chat inquiries.
Maintained a positive and professional approach with clients Consulted with customers to determine best methods to resolve service and billing issues. OTHER EXPERIENCES
Customer Relations Specialist Regina, SK
Great-West Life Insurance Co. January 2019 till July 2019
• Providing guidance to legal assistants, and training where appropriate on accessing and using the specific resources and tools available relating to marketing and business development
• Manage and conduct the weekly plan with peers
• Contributing in big events and conferences as required Senior Sales Representative Saudi Arabia
Novartis Pharma. Co. Mar. 2006 – Jan. 2017
• Promoted Novartis brands in different therapeutic areas (Diabetes, Osteoporosis, Rheumatology and Dermatology)
• Coaching field visits to achieve and support company program of “7 steps of successful sales call” and “Coaching for results.”
PROJECTS' WEBSITES
https://www.easyjobquote.com/
https://github.com/ShadiOthm/eCommerce-laravel
https://github.com/ShadiOthm/WeUsThemDevProjectShadi REFERENCES
References are available upon request.
Contact this candidate