Resume of Kurt Risser
Newport News, Virginia, USA • 757-***-**** (cell) • ad143v@r.postjobfree.com

OBJECTIVE
I am an enthusiastic software developer seeking employment where I can draw upon my experience to efficiently design, implement, test, deploy & maintain excellent mobile apps and enterprise applications using Kotlin, Java SE, and Java EE, while also acquiring new skills. I enjoy the challenges of understanding how new capabilities afforded by emerging AI and open source technologies may be applied to better implement project requirements. Efficient, well-designed software is elegant and beautiful!

I like to work as part of a cohesive team where each member can realize their potential, while creating products in which the entire group can take pride. However, I am ready and able to work independently on projects. I am well-organized and can complete tasks with minimal guidance. I can work effectively with a wide variety of tools and operating systems.

Recruiters, please note: Unless there are exceptional incentives, I am not interested in positions requiring relocation at this time. Opportunities for remote work will be considered.

EXPERIENCE

02/2022 - 08/2023: Capital One Bank, on contract assignment for PrideGlobal Consulting
●Working on internal web facing applications.
●Helped design, implement and test new API, including OpenAPI specifications.
●Working 100% remotely full time as part of an Agile/Scrum team.
●Working with, and deploying to AWS platform, including AWS lambda, RDS, and S3.
●Participated in a migration from S3 to RDS with AWS lambda.
●Incorporated SSO token authentication and token exchange while implementing API endpoints.
●Used OpenFeign to implement SSO token exchange.
●Working with Kotlin, Java, Typescript, Golang, Node,js, Docker, Git, and Maven.
●Database experience includes Oracle, MySQL, Postgres RDBMS, etc., including using stored procedures and functions.
●Frameworks include Spring Boot, JPA, Hibernate, REST, GraphQL, Jenkins pipeline, and internal Capital One frameworks.
●Development tools include IntelliJ, Postman, pgAdmin, etc.

05/2021 - 12/31/21: NATO Innovation Lab, on contract assignment for HUBZone HQ Consulting
●Working on NATO web facing applications.
●Working on a team using Agile/Scrum methodology.
●Worked with deployment to AWS S3 platform.
●Worked on front-end features using the Vue framework.
●Provided support for migration to Vue 3 Composition APIs.
●Designed and implemented back-end API with SQL and JPA.
●Configured and implemented Keycloak based authentication into back end of web-facing application.
●Created design document, and functional POC prototype for implementation of MFA using OAuth 2.0 and OpenID Connect.
●Experience using Apache Kafka.
●Working remotely full time.
●Working with Java, Javascript, Node,js, Docker, MySQL, Postgres RDBMS., and Prisma.

11/4/19 - 12/12/19: Louisville Water Company, on contract assignment for VSoft Consulting
●Worked on internal web applications
●Worked with Oracle RDBMS, Oracle WebLogic, JSF, and PrimeFaces.
●Worked on-site and remotely.
●Worked with Java and SQL.

9/14/19 - less than a year: Anthem Health, on contract assignment for APEX Systems
●Worked with Android Anthem Sydney Health Care app team.
●Worked in Kotlin using Android Studio on MacBook Pro.
●Participated in daily Scrum.
●Participated in feature design reviews.
●Left this position to accept a position offering substantially higher compensation and closer proximity to a terminally ill friend.

5/15/19 - 9/13/19: Independently
●Wrote android app EpicExplorer (100% Kotlin)
Published on Google Play.
●Wrote android app CallExplorer (100% Kotlin)
Currently approval pending on Google Play.

9/2018 - 4/12/19: Insight Global, on contract assignment for Emprise Corporation
As a senior software engineer on six-month contract:
●Implemented fixes and enhancements to Emprise’s SAMM software.
●Participated in code reviews, defect diagnosis and resolution, and testing.
●Contributed to design discussions and architecture planning.
●Mentored other developers.
●Performed as backup Team Lead.
●Worked with Java, AngularJs, ExtJs, Javascript, etc.
●Utilized git and GitHub.
●Helped automate regression testing.

6/2015 - 3/2018: SWISSLOG, Newport News, VA Senior Java Programmer
As a Software Developer on the Swisslog North America WM6 customization team:
●Tailored existing functionality.
●Implemented new features per specification.
●Diagnosed and corrected defects.
●Deployed and configured containers using the AWS console.
●Participated in code and design reviews.
●Used Siemens Polarion
Requirements content management.
QA artifacts content management.
As a Quality Assurance Engineer
●Helped perform initial installation and deployment, integration testing, and customer acceptance testing, both locally and at customer site locations.
●Participated in test planning, user test case creation and execution.
●Designed and built an custom automated testing framework using Java and Kotlin that prepares data, executes and provides metrics for sets of test cases. It integrates with WebLogic application server, SQL databases, and uses Cucumber with Gherkin to drive Selenium GUI testing. It contains self-correcting mechanisms for dynamically generated web element IDs.
●Created and executed manual and unit test cases in conjunction with software implementation.

2013 - 5/2015:
Designed applications for inclusion in Google's Android AppMarket.
Created TextTrigger and TextTriggerPlus android apps.

2010 – 2012 :
●Designed and prototyped a smart device that actively harvests and accumulates electrical energy. The machine is constructed using traditional digital electronics, Arduino microcontrollers. Created programs in C for several models of Arduino microcontrollers using avr-gcc and other tools.

6/2005 – 7/2009: DATALINE, a contracting agency located in Norfolk, Virginia USA.
DATALINE clients that I have worked for include:
●United States Joint Forces Command. Three assignments in Suffolk, Virginia, as a developer in the J9 Experimentation and Prototyping group. Our team created and maintained tools used for secure cross-domain collaboration using direct socket connections, and JNI interfaces with System V message queue. Work involved JSR-168 compliant portlets. Used Java, Tomcat, Oracle, Hibernate, Spring and other technologies including SOA, RESTful web services, XMPP, SSL, digital signatures and certificates, etc. Work primarily on LINUX platforms, but also use Solaris and MS Windows.
I held an active top secret clearance to facilitate my work there.
●The City of Chesapeake’s (Virginia) IT department. There I worked with Java, IBM DB2 RDBMS, IBM WebSphere Studio and Java EE Application Server, and also ColdFusion MX.
●Air Force Research Lab This project uses a web application to alter Cisco router Quality of Service (QoS) settings. The application programmatically controls routers via socket connections using Cisco IOS commands. It also uses Java Server Faces (JSF) on its web interface. http://www.sbir.gov/sbirsearch/detail/142448

11/2004 – 6/2005: Watachi Shoppe, Created and implemented an online retail site. This site was a more robust implementation of the original Watachi Shoppe implementation. The site used Java 1.5 with Tomcat 5 and Postgresql database server, under Fedora LINUX FC5. I selected, installed and configured the server hardware. I designed and wrote the online retail software using Java. It interfaced in real time with Verisign's credit card processing gateway, and with USPS shipping rate and address information servers. I also set up business relationships with a credit card processor, a merchant account provider, a digital certificate authority, and a bank. I coordinated a Google AdWords pay-per-click advertising campaign.

10/2002 - 10/2004: Analytical Mechanical Associates, Inc., Senior Programmer. Worked as part of a team at the NASA Langley Research Center to help customize, enhance and maintain the PDM portion of NASA’s Advanced Engineering Environment (AEE). This Java-based system is integrated with PTC’s Windchill workflow / content management engine. Tasks include the implementation of new features, modifications to existing features, and software maintenance. During my assignment with NASA, I created and implemented an external customizable process monitoring system that acts as a watchdog for their AEE platform. Technologies used include Java EE, JDBC, RMI and XML. Tools include Bugzilla, CVS, StarTEAM, NetBeans, JBuilder, Eclipse, etc.

2/2002 - 10/2002: Designed and implemented a custom online retail site using Java, postgresql SQL-compliant database, Apache web server, and Tomcat servlet / JSP engine. This system was distributed across two machines running Red Hat LINUX, with the database engine on one, and the Apache and Tomcat modules on the other.

2/2001 - 2/2002: SYMANTEC Corporation, Newport News, Virginia, Principal Developer/Architect. Designed, architected and implemented Java based applications including a management console for multiple antivirus engine installations across a heterogeneous TCP/IP network. Participated as a C++ developer on the CarrierScan Server™ 2.1.3 release. Worked with Norton Antivirus™ engine technology and it's ancillary components. Implemented features to increase robustness of enterprise grade antiviral product. Designed solutions for configuration management.

4/2000-1/2001: UUcom, Inc, Reston, Virginia, as architect/programmer. Using Java 2 under Solaris, LINUX and Windows. Author of a core component ‘assembly engine’ in a distributed email and polymorphic messaging system. Intensive, hands-on EJB centered development using a variety of Java and Java EE technologies, including RMI, JDBC, JNI, JNDI, etc.. System analysis, consulting, architectural planning, requirements & design document creation and review. Used XML and XSLT to programmatically generate custom formatted messages from database content. Experience with XML parsers including JDOM, and SAX APIs.
Oracle using SQL via JDBC, also SQL*Plus. Socket level interfacing.
RFC 822 compliant internet email message generation. Instant Messaging creation. Peer code and document reviews. Used include BEA Systems clustered WebLogic Java EE server, IBM VisualAge for Java, BEA Web Gain Studio, JDK command line tools.

1999-2000: IMI Systems consultant on assignment at AT&T in Herndon, Virginia, as a software developer. Using C & C++, Java, Perl, Pro-C (Oracle), RogueWave, etc. under HP/UX. Help add additional functionality as well as providing troubleshooting support for a major component in a networked distributed billing and provisioning system. Participation in system analysis, code & design walkthroughs, and architecture review for new projects. Using BEA Systems' TUXEDO, BEA Message Queue middleware. This system is accessed by both X-windows and web-based GUI components. Added support for new product offering by implementing new logic in C++ modules. Enhanced web interface by modifying PERL scripts. Assisted in new design by prototyping applet to servlet communications using HTTP tunneling techniques. Participated in C++ compiler conversion project, porting from HP's cfront C++ compiler to new ANSI-2 compliant compiler. Maintained, enhanced & expanded project web site which contains over 2,500 files. Created Java servlets, applets and applications to implement various functions on the website.

1997-1998: IMI Systems consultant on assignment at AT&T in Herndon, Virginia. IST (Integrated System Test) Environment Support for seven concurrent test environments on a large, distributed HP/UX based network. Worked extensively with testers, analysts and QA. Used and configured BEA Message Queue, BEA TUXEDO, connect:direct, Netscape Enterprise & FastTrack web servers, and other 3rd party software. Also developed software in Microsoft Visual C++ for environment monitoring.
●As Technical Lead, provided mentoring, technical and logistical support in troubleshooting and problem resolution to other team members. Represented IST at meetings at alternate client sites, including service level agreement negotiation & architecture reviews.
●As Release Coordinator, managed and verified installation and connectivity of numerous modules in a large distributed computing environment, including active participation in daily status conference calls.
●As System Administrator, environment creation & support on a multi-tier client/server HP/UX platform.

(Older computer related work experience removed from 1981 - 1995 is available upon request)

SKILLS
●Computer programming for many types of applications.
●Extensive experience with IDEs:
NetBeans
intelliJ (JetBrains)
■Using IntelliJ AI assistant for rapid and accurate development support.
Visual Studio Code (Microsoft)
Arduino IDE
Eclipse
●Proficient using LINUX, MacOS, or Windows.
●Experience with Agile methodology variants.
●Experience with test driven design (TDD).
●Interfacing back end systems with external and/or legacy systems.
Using Message Queues.
Using Object Request Brokers.
SOAP message exchange.
REST API.
GraphQL.
●Work on application GUIs:
JavaFX/Swing/AWT.
Web-facing applications.
■Single Page Applications (SPA)
■JSP/JSF, Javascript, Angular, NodeJs, PrimeFaces, JQuery, CSS, XHTML, etc.
Android mobile devices.
■Java
■Kotlin
●my socket demonstration program with interactive UI:
https://github.com/kurtrisser/Sockastic.git
■Familiar with NativeScript and React Native.
■Google Location Services.
■Google Play.
●Using Java EE to create, customize, and maintain enterprise application components using Java EE, EJB, JPA.
●Worked extensively with Oracle RDBMS, MS SQL Server, Oracle WebLogic, Glassfish, etc.
●With git, gitHub, SVN (Subversion), Maven, JUnit, Jenkins, etc.
●Creating test cases and testing procedures, including unit, system, regression, load and user acceptance tests.
●Experience with CMS including Polarion, SharePoint, Alfresco.
●Designed and implemented working, domain-specific test framework prototype with Java and Kotlin, leveraging functionality from Cucumber, Selenium, and Geckodriver to support Gherkin driven tests.
●Good documentation skills.
●Quickly proficient in new environments.
●Comfortable with a command prompt.
●Experience planning, developing, maintaining and troubleshooting client-server applications in a distributed computing environment.
●End-to-end e-Commerce implementation and integration.
●Writing, editing and proofreading technical documentation.
●Experience maintaining, installing and using TCP/IP networking, including some experience installing, configuring and programmatically controlling routers, hubs and switches. Experience with SAMBA, NFS and NIS.
●Internet mail server with sendmail, spamassassin, etc.
●Familiarity with digital electronics and IoT technologies, including Arduino and Raspberry Pi.
●Excellent written and verbal communication skills.
●Occasionally impressive with a laser pointer.

JAVA and JVM TECHNOLOGIES
Java, including experience with modern Java features including enhanced Stream API, lambdas, functional interfaces, etc.
Hybrid Java Kotlin application development.
Java on the Android platform, since 2.35 (froyo) to 7.1 (nougat).
Kotlin on Android
Java EE design, implementation, testing and deployment experience in a variety of settings.
Enterprise Java Beans (EJB), entity, session & message driven beans.
JPA Java Persistence Architecture conventionally within application server, and also in stand-alone Java SE applications.
Hibernate An important lightweight and efficient persistence layer.
Spring container, dependency injection, MVC for servlets and more. Extensive experience with Spring Boot.
Swing / AWT for legacy GUIs.
JavaFX for high performance, maintainable GUIs and GUI components.
Servlets/JSP, for the implementation of business logic and other functions.
Java Native Interface, (JNI) for writing portions of applications in other languages such as C/C++. I have used this technology to create specialized nonportable high performance components that are accessed from a Java based system.
Java Messaging Service, (JMS) for asynchronous communication between various components (such as Message EJBs, etc), and also in applications deployed entirely with a container such as IBM WebSphere or WebLogic, sometimes in lieu of traditional direct socket to socket connections.
Java Server Faces (JSF) used to create interactive web applications which are more robust, responsive and user-friendly. Worked numerous times with AJAX both directly via Javascript and also encapsulated by JSF and other high level frameworks including PrimeFaces, Ext JS, AngularJs and GWT. Experience with CSS, XPath, JQuery, etc.
JSON, XML, and YAML format data manipulation.
PrimeFaces libraries that include sophisticated interactive web UI components.
JDBC for access to any SQL-compliant database manager such as Oracle, MySQL or Postgresql. I have used this technology for numerous applications and servlets.
XML, JDOM, SAX & XSLT while creating components that parse and create XML documents, and transform them. These include configuration documents, XHTML pages, method invocation requests, database content, EJB deployment descriptors and others.
XMPP eXtensible Messaging and Presence Protocol for open-standards compliant instant messaging applications.
Oracle Weblogic Scripting Tool. (WLST)
Oracle Node Manager.
Web Services, including SOAP, REST, and GraphQL.

JAVA TOOLS

IDEs

●NetBeans
●IntelliJ
●Android Studio
●Eclipse
●Microsoft Visual Code (not quite an IDE, but useful and cross-platform)

JVM Runtime Environments

Apache TOMCAT JSP/Servlet engine.
Oracle WebLogic Java EE Application Server, first used in 2001 at UUCOM, when it was BEA WebLogic. I worked in an environment utilizing clustering, load balancing, and database connection pooling features, etc.
●Recent daily experience with WebLogic 12c at Swisslog.
Glassfish from Oracle/Sun, providing the official Java EE reference implementation and Java EE runtime environment.
Google's Dalvik virtual machine and its successor, ART. (Android)
JBoss Application Server. A Java EE services container that I have used as a development and testing platform for a variety of Java EE projects that include servlets, EJB's and other Java technologies.
IBM WebSphere Application Server is a full-fledged Java EE services container that I have used during my work at the City Of Chesapeake, and have evaluated in another capacity.

Non-JVM Runtime Environments

Node.js for implementing backend Javascript including web service APIs.

OPEN SOURCE
I have been pleased to have worked with many open source libraries and components, too numerous to list. Many have become part of standard Java releases, such as the SAX XML parser. Being aware and familiar with these invaluable resources can exponentially increase productivity, decrease development time and cost, and significantly reduce defects and maintenance.

OTHER LANGUAGES & TOOLS
Although my primary focus is on Java, Kotlin, Golang, and Javascript, I have past experience with C, C++ and Pascal.

I am reasonably proficient with UNIX/Linux shell scripting, (mostly bash), and Windows .bat and .cmd scripting.

I have some experience with Python.

I am ready and able to pick up new languages as required.

Experience writing extensions to AutoCAD™ using ADS and ARX libraries.

CLOUD COMPUTING
I have deployed cloud hosted applications to Amazon EC2 and AWS services, and regularly use Google Cloud.

DATABASE MANAGERS & TOOLS
Oracle, including use of the ProC precompiler and SQLPlus. MySQL, SQLite, MS SQL Server, and Postgresql SQL-compliant database engines. Have worked with non-SQL database MongoDB.

BUILD & SOURCE CODE CONTROL
Presently I use git and gitHub for source code control, and Maven, ant and Gradle for building JVM projects. I use npm, grunt, gulp, webpack, spearhook, etc., for Javascript projects. I have used cvs, svn (subversion), Jenkins, Borland StarTeam, Siemens Polarion, and the P4 (aka 'Perforce') source code control systems and tools.

RESEARCH
I contributed to a white paper that appeared in the Third Annual Security Enhanced Linux Symposium, March 2007, Baltimore MD USA, entitled The Design and Implementation of a Guard Installation and Administration Framework. (SELINUX)

OSP PRODUCT LINE
In ancient times, I produced several applications which I sold to online service operators around the country. My oldest product is PIQUE, an internet .BAG file preprocessor for sysops who received their USENET feed via satellite dish receiver. The Internet Mailer versions 1.5 and 2.0 were widely used by TBBS sysops. Other products included a calendar manager and an on-line testing system.

WAREHOUSE AUTOMATION
As a Software Developer on the Swisslog North America WM6 customization team,
●I tailored existing functionality.
●Implemented new features per specification.
●Diagnosed and corrected defects.
●Participated in code and design reviews.

As a Quality Assurance Engineer, I participated in test planning, user test case creation and execution.
●I helped perform initial installation and deployment, integration testing, and customer acceptance testing, both locally and at customer site locations.
●I designed and implemented a custom testing framework using Java and Kotlin.

TEST AUTOMATION
At Swisslog North America, I designed and implemented a custom testing framework using Java and Kotlin. It leverages open source libraries including Gherkin and Selenium, and proprietary tools such as Weblogic Node Manager, etc. The framework automates test execution, and supports tests expressed in simple, domain specific language.

PROCESS CONTROL
During my employment at TRIG I was responsible for, among other things, the development, testing & implementation of software which controlled custom-built machines used at the factory to produce, test & calibrate bimetallic thermostats. I used PASCAL, C, and assembler to write modules which directly interfaced to the hardware, i.e., PIOs, UARTs, etc.

REFERENCES
I have removed the references from this version of my resume. I will be pleased to furnish them at the appropriate time in a manner that respects their privacy. Thank you.
Contact this candidate