PALLAVI KAMAT
+1-985-***-**** adbwbg@r.postjobfree.com

PROFESSION SUMMARY

Around 7+ years of professional experience in mobile application development (Native/Hybrid) and its related technology implementation.

●Experience on complete software development life cycle with software development models like Agile Scrum Model.
●Development, testing and deployment experience of mobile applications on through development tools like XCode, Eclipse, SAPUI5 web-ide, Visual Studio, Neptune.
●Developed the Applications using Design Patterns such as Model-View-controller (MVC), (MVVM), Singleton, Delegate, Observer, etc.
●Having working knowledge on SCM tools like Github, Jira, Bitbucket.

Language
Objective C, Swift, Java Script, SAPUI5(Fiori), Java
Operating System
iOS, macOS, Microsoft
Database
Core Data, MySQL Realm
Development Tools
XCode, Eclipse, SAPUI5 web-ide, Visual Studio, Neptune (SAP backend)
Testing/Debugging tools
Google Analytics, Testflight, Flurry Analytics
Others
Cordova, JSON, XML, Push Notification, API Integration, HTML,
Native/Hybrid Mobile Application Development

Roles and Responsibilities held in all projects:
●Customer interactions.
●Requirement understanding.
●Database Architecture.
●Contribution in design phase.
●Development
●Deployment
●Post-implementation query/support.

Professional Experience

●Webonise Lab, India

Project Information

●Cocoon Cam- Smart Baby Monitoring

oCocoon cam is mainly used for breathing detection, video and audio of baby. User can set camera using mobile app.
oUser can view baby’s live video, activities, swaddle stories etc.. through app.
oApp contains gif push notification to see baby’s activity.

oiTunes Link: https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/cocoon-cam-smart-baby-monitor/id1183233445?mt=8

●Check-in for Good

oCheck-in for Good is a free crowd-funding app that turns your everyday actions into donations for the causes you care about!
oCreate your own campaign. Your cause can be anything you need to raise money for.
Encourage businesses, friends and social networks to give to your cause.
Update supporters on your progress with photos and video.

oiTunes Link: https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/check-in-for-good/id536219052?mt=8

●USA Football

oCreate a better, safer game with this FREE USA Football app, which includes concussion awareness, equipment fitting and proper tackling technique from USA Football
oAlong with up-to-date information on concussion awareness and management, Heads Up Football breaks down tackling into five basic fundamentals for youth players through drills to introduce then re-enforce each step.
oBeginning in a non-contact environment and progressing to full-speed contact, the instruction improves tackling skills, increases safety and limits helmet-to-helmet contact.

oiTunes Link: https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/usa-football/id551371276?mt=8

●My Altour

oAny trip you’ve booked with us will automatically be available and you can view important details anytime.
oOur premium travel tools will give you access to the latest travel information that can make all the difference when trying to catch that last minute flight. Track your flights, receive push notifications of gate changes, and even check the weather at your destination, all are available for free with myALTOUR.

oiTunes Link: https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/my-altour/id669717352?mt=8

●Rate Away

oRateAway is a social network for users to rate and review their friends on several of their skills, attributes and likes. It is a simple, fun and interactive platform for a more verified and comprehensive insight into your personality!
oUsers will have the opportunity to choose one of the pre-selected categories filled with some exciting and engaging questions. They can then rate friends on various attributes and invite
Friends to get rated on their attributes most important to them.

●CHOC

oCHOC is a medical care center for children. This project was about creating an application for this center to help them collect patient data. This patient data can be tagged to various event conducted by the CHOC.
oMain purpose of this application was to create events (e.g.: an eye camp) conducted by CHOC, tag patients attending this event and maintain data in a centralized way.

●Vodafone, India

Project Information

●System Status Check
oThis project shows status of Vodafone’s SAP systems. Also shows mobile application list of that systems. User can check details of his device and send feedback if they are facing any issues.

●SDP (Supplier Digital Portal)

oThis project enables to check different status of invoices, details of payments made, open invoices n my account ect.

●SSCRT (Shared Services Request Tool)

oThis application was developed to help Supply chain management (SCM)
oAgents can provide resolutions to queries raised by users. They can view tickets assigned to them or their team in an agent inbox.
oCreate SSC request functionality enables the agents to create ticket on behalf of any user.

Certification
●CDAC (Mobile Application Development)

Education
●Bachelor of Engineering, Shivaji University, Kolhapur, India.

Employment History

●Currently working as senior developer (Designation: Deputy Manager) at Vodafone Shared Services
●As a Technical Lead at Webonise Labs
Contact this candidate