/
MOBILE APPLICATION DEVELOPER
SHIVAM GAUR
adcjz6@r.postjobfree.com
stackoverflow.com/users/7533005/shivam-gaur?
tab=profile
+91-995*******
www.linkedin.com/in/shivam-gaur-b90896b0

Results-oriented software developer with three years of experience in iOS App development. I make it my goal to create software with the user in mind, creating applications with a useable and intuitive user interface experience. I also understand the importance of creating a highly readable and easily maintainable source code. I am constantly striving to learn new technologies and look to ways to better myself in this rapidly changing industry.
Skills & Tools
Swift
Objective - C
OpenCV(iOS)
Image Processing (iOS)
Xcode
Jira
BaseCamp
RxSwift
RxCocoa
Swinject/SwinjectStoryboard
XCTestCases
Education
SHIVAM GAUR 2013 to 2017
B-Tech Computer Science Engineering 2017
Employment
AppInventiv Technologies Noida
iOS App Developer Jan. 2017 to June 2019
Nagarro Gurugram
Associate Technology (iOS) June 2019 to Current
Projects
McKinsey - South Africa June 2019 to Current
The project involved the development of a banking mobile application. The application provided Platform where millions of users can use bank facilities via the application.
LINK - https://apps.apple.com/za/app/nedbank-money/id1260981758
Roles & Responsibilities -
Responsible for the development of the International Forex Module Developed this module using RxSwift.
Delivered a quality module with above 95% Code Coverage.

FLUENT8: Learn & Speak English - Japan Jan. 2019 to June 2019 The FLUENT8 app is specially designed by AI to help you think in English through customized lessons and pronunciation games. This makes learning English easier and more enjoyable, thus reducing the time and effort required to become fuent in English.
LINK - https://itunes.apple.com/in/app/ uent8-learn-speak-english/id1444389358?mt=8
Roles & Responsibilities -
Developed word based game using SpeechKit of iOS, Converted speech to text.
Added support on AI Chatbot converting speech to text and text to speech.

IndiaMart - India Aug. 2018 to Jan. 2019
With the IndiaMART App, millions of buyers and sellers can connect with each other to fulfill their business requirements. Browse through India's IN largest online marketplace and explore the widest range of products & services.
LINK - https://itunes.apple.com/in/app/indiamart-buy-sell-products/id668561641?mt=8

Roles & Responsibilities -
Working as an external resource at Indiamart from Appinventiv Working as Lead and Developer for Lead Manager and Message Center Module Responsible for Revamp of LMS and Offline support for the module using Realm with MultiThreading

Duty Manager(IKEA Store) - UAE Jan. 2018 to Aug. 2018
It’s an IKEA store app for duty managers of the stores, these managers can perform various surveys according to different departments, then those survey data is used for analysis and solving the issues at stores.
Roles & Responsibilities -
Added Offline Support to the App Using CoreData with Relationships. Revamped whole Code Structure and managed according to the huge data. Add performance tuning for syncing data to Backend using multithreading.

Hand and FootPrints - Japan Sept. 2017 to Dec. 2017
It is an Online shopping App by customizing the products, which specifically for creating memories of children's, by capturing hand and footprints of children's and convert them to artwork, and adding those artworks to product and customize them. Roles & Responsibilities -
Worked on the app from scratch, was responsible for the development at iOS Side. Worked on Image Editing, masking, and filters using OpenCV. Integrated feature of removing the background from the image using the GrabCut algorithm in OpenCV. Added iPad support for the app

Naoow - USA Jan. 2017 to Sept. 2017
Naoow is a Social App that will provide the user with a platform where a user can share the post, images, video embedded with text. A user can follow the other users and can also get the notification of a post by their followers.

Roles & Responsibilities -
Worked on the app from scratch, was responsible for the development at iOS Side. Added Image Editing and Video Editing Feature, same as Whatsapp Worked on Google Maps and Custom Clustering
Added Custom SideMenu using Bezier Path

Training and certiﬁcations
1. Completed Online Course from UNIVERSIDAD CARLOS III DE MADRID in THE SOFTWARE ARCHITECT CODE: BUILDING THE DIGITAL WORLD.
2. Completed Online Course from the University of Michigan in Introduction to Python for Everybody.
3. Completed an Online Course from the University of Michigan in Python data structures.
Contact this candidate