MUBARAK HUSSAIN
Senior Mobile Application Developer(News Technology Services), India
Phone: +457*******, +919********* Email:adjmd9@r.postjobfree.com Location:Vejlevej Billund, Denmark www.linkedin.com/in/mubarakhussain
https://stackoverflow.com/users/1292241/mubarak
https://github.com/mhandroid
SUMMARY
● I have 8.8 years of experience in the mobile domain with 7.8-year Android application development using Core Java, Kotlin, Kotlin coroutines, ExoPlayer, Media API, XML, Android SDK, MVP, MVVM, Social media API, SQLite. Presently Working with News Technology Services(News Corp) as Sr. Mobile Application Developer from Jan 2019 to till date.
● I have long term Denmark D-visa.
● I have one year of experience in IOS App development.
● Involved in Full Software Life cycle implementation projects covering Requirement & Impact analysis, Effort estimation, High level & low-level designing, Test-driven development, Unit & Integration Testing, Debugging, Training and Documentation, User Acceptance Testing, Data Modeling, Post Go-live support.
● Well accustomed to working with multicultural teams spread across geographies.
● Good at delivering best-yet apps, Passionate to learn & up-skill, enthusiastic to solve real-world problems using Tech, Practicing Agile.
● Worked on the complete software life cycle, right from the requirement analysis to product delivery and maintenance
● Strong debugging and problem-solving skills. Software Development, Leadership, Teamwork.
● Excellent communication skills with experience in client-side communication. Skills/Tools
● Languages (Primary) : Core Java, Android, Kotlin
● Miscellaneous : XML, MVP, MVVM, Social media API, ExoPlayer, SQLite.
● Framework : Dagger, Rxjava, Room, Jetpack Components, Kotlin coroutines
● Framework (Testing) : Junit, Robotium, Mockito, Appium, Espresso
● Tools : Bugzilla, Rally, Collaborator, ALM, Perforce, SVN, Git, GitHub
● Minor project experience : Objective C, Apache Tomcat 6.0, HTML/CSS, MySql AWARDS & HONORS:
● Awarded as Live wire of the year 2014 in HCL Technology, India.
● Received Most Valuable Person for Q2-2017 at Mobileum, India.
● Participated in Ingenious Hackathon Bangalore and achieved 3rd place. PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Working with News Technology Services(News Corp) Bangalore, India as Senior Mobile Application Developer from 3rd Jan 2019 to till date.
Complete ownership of android app development
Dealing the news based application like The Australian, news.com.au etc.
Developed complete Podcast feature using ExoPlayer and android media framework. Migrated acast to Omny.
Managing the complete life cycle of an application by oneself.
Post-production Go Live support, Monitoring & Reporting the metrics.
Developed update patches, modules and components. Creates a handset specific user interface (UI) for mobile phones and tablet PC's.
Responsible for requirement & impact analysis, high level technical & components designing, building the prototype design with mocks.
Worked with Mobileum India Pvt. Ltd as Senior Software Engineer from 20th July 2016 to Jan 2019.
Worked on the travel app. It is B2B app where you can all travel-related activity in a single place, app suggests about flights, Stay, Car rent, restaurants and guide you various activity based on your current location.
Created a plug and play components.
Worked on architecture components like LiveData, ViewModel, Dagger, WorkManger & Room database.
Developed custom and reusable Android UI components
Integrated Android app bundle to reduce the apk size
Worked on application localization to support around 4 languages in the app
SQLite Database, JUnit Testing.
Having a Telecom domain experience.
Worked with HCL Technology as Lead Engineer from 18th September 2014 to 20th July 2016. Client location GE Healthcare Bangalore.
Android application development experience in the health care domain.
Responsible for Development, Implementation, Integration and Unit Testing.
Worked on Lotus Fetal Monitor Android application development.
Worked on USB communication for data transfer between android mobile app and Fetal monitor device(for pregnant women)
Worked on different modes of data saving on Android i.e. Files, Shared Preferences, Content Providers and SQLite database.
Worked on developing applications supporting Localization features like Arabic and French.
Worked on connectivity features like Near Field Communication (NFC), Bluetooth and Wi-Fi.
Used Data structures and Algorithms for better performance and optimization of application data.
Worked in both Waterfall and Agile software development life cycle models. Worked with Trelleborg Sealing Solutions as Software Development Engineer-I from 26th December 2011 to 12th September 2014.
Worked as an Android Application developer and started a career as a fresher.
Worked on I-Phone and web application.
Worked on Android apps like ISO-Fits, Oring Ring, Shim selector etc
Worked on the consumption of REST and SOAP web services.
Worked on different modes of data saving on Android i.e. Files, Shared Preferences, Content Providers and SQLite database.
Integrated Google services like Google Analytics, Google Maps, Google AdMob Ads, Google Play In-App Billing, Google Cloud Messaging and Google+.
Worked on Social networking APIs like Twitter API, Facebook API and LinkedIn API in Android Applications
Worked on developing applications supporting Localization features like Arabic and French. EDUCATION
Master of Computer Application (MCA) - Madhav Institute of Technology & Science, India (2008 - 2011) PROJECTS
Title The Australian (Android app)
Skills Core java, Kotlin coroutines, Kotlin, Retrofit, Rxjava, MVVM, Dagger, ExoPlayer. Description The Australian is a paid news app which comes under NewsCorp. It has many features like offline reading, Digital edition, Podcast, syncing across the devices, social media integration and many more.
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.newscorp.theaustralian&hl=en_IN Title Rovng (Android app)
Description It is a travel app to those people who used to travel frequently. App has a module like book flights, Stay, Car rent and find restaurants, guide info near your current location. You can find Activities in a particular city.
Title Fetal Care Attendant Monitoring (Android app) for GE Healthcare client Description The Attendant Fetal Monitor is a monitoring device used to monitor the health of the fetus during antepartum evaluation and during labour and delivery. The monitor is used to detect, display, and record the fetal heart rate using either an ultrasound transducer
(Non-invasive) or fetal ECG using a fetal scalp electrode (invasive). The monitor is also intended for use to detect, display and record uterine activity using a toco dynamometer
(toco) transducer or intrauterine pressure catheter. Fetal data may be either printed or displayed simultaneously with acquisition and stored for archival, display and/or printing. The device also supports a monitoring mode for detection of fetal body movements. The monitor is intended for generating alarms from fetal parameters, for displaying, storing and recording patient data and related waves, and has the option to transmit patient data to a patient information and surveillance system on a network. Title Hydraulic Cylinder Calculator (Android app)
Description Analyzing Clients Requirements, Responsible for developing the full application. Responsible for planning the effort estimation for the development, quality testing by engaging with the Business & Quality assurance team.
Responsible for delivering mobile native applications with unit testing. Responsible for Analyzing Clients Requirements, Responsible for developing the full application. Responsible for building the app from the scratch and involved in the complete life cycle of the app development.
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.tss.in.android.hydrauliccylinder Title Tubing & Hose Selector (Android app)
Description The Trelleborg Sealing Solutions Tubing and Hose Selector app simplify choosing the correct tubing and hose based on input parameters such as material and pressure, giving the information instantly and removing the need to search through catalogues. The app also allows you to directly request samples or contact Trelleborg Sealing Solutions from the interface. Sample request functionality based on user’s input less.
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.tss.in.android.tubingandhoses Title Shim Selector (Android app)
Description The premier Brake Shim Material Selector now fits in your pocket: introducing Brake Shim Material Selector for Android.Designed for Brake NVH test engineers for quick and easy access to Trelleborg’s wide range of Shim materials used for elimination of specific brake noise problems. With only a few parameter inputs such as Temperature and Frequency the Shim Selector will propose the best material for the given noise problem. https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.trelleborg.shimselector Title Converter Paid Version (Android app)
Description Unit and Hardness Converter” helps you convert frequently used units and currencies in an efficient and convenient way. Also, the app comes with a Hardness Converter based on ISO and ASTM Standards to convert between popular hardness scales for various material types. https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.tss.in.android.uhconverter Title ISO-Fits (Multi language Android InApp)
Description “ISO-Fits” is intuitive and very easy to use. Upon entering the nominal diameter needed, users simply select the tolerance classes for bore and shaft. The application then provides the complete ISO fits definition with all relevant values. Tolerances are shown for the most commonly used ISO tolerance classes
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.tss.in.android.fitsTolerance Title O-Ring Calculator (Android App)
Description O-Ring App calculates O-Ring dimensions by simply entering installation specifications for your application in metric or inch. In addition, the App recommends O-Ring sizes according to ISO 3601. O-Ring Housing: After entering the bore or rod/shaft diameter, you will receive an O-Ring recommendation and O-Ring housing calculation according to the recommendations of ISO 3601. O-Ring Quick Search: offers the selection of O-Ring nominal sizes according to the following national/international standards: ISO 3601, JIS B 2401 (Japan) SMS 1586 (Sweden). Tolerances: calculation of O-Ring tolerances according to ISO 3601-1 Class B switch between metric and inch. Chemical compatibility check: find out which materials are compatible with the media used in your application. Integration of Trelleborg Sealing Solutions Videos. https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.tss.in.android.oring
Contact this candidate