Rajesh Rathod
Mobile: +642********
Email: adke6r@r.postjobfree.com
Residence: Auckland, New Zealand
Nationality: New Zealand

Full Stack Mobile App Developer
(React Native, Redux, REST, GraphQL, Apollo, URQL)

Summary
Sharp, results-oriented developer with 14 years of experience providing programming expertise.
Forward thinking, problem identification, time management, research, analysis and resolution.
Spearhead full software development life cycle. Involve in developers recruitment process.

Key Skills
Good User Interface skills with the development of mobile applications
Multi-platform app developer with experience in web and mobile hybrid/native apps
Technical Expertise
Web/ Mobile: JavaScript, React, React Native, Redux, GraphQL, GraphQL-Mesh, GraphQL-Yoga, URQL, Apollo server, Apollo client, AWS AppSync, AWS Amplify, PhoneGap/ Cordova, Sencha, HTML5, CSS3, Sass, Jest, NodeJS
Programming Languages: JavaScript ES6/7 (with Flow), GraphQL, Java, C#.NET
Platforms: Web, iPhone, Android, Windows Phone, BlackBerry
Tools and IDE: Microsoft Visual Studio Code, Microsoft AppCenter, Microsoft CodePush, GitHub, BitBucket, SourceTree, Xcode, iPhone SDK, Android Studio, Android SDK, Telerik AppBuilder, Zeplin, InVision, Figma, NPM, yarn
Summary of Experience
Responsible for analysis of user requirements, design and preparation of detailed processing and programming specifications, development of complex workflow and mobile applications.
Development – to convert designs/ wireframes into actual web/ mobile app. Meeting the design specifications
Adhering to best-practices for mobile app development, code quality, test and automation, write Jest unit tests.
Maintain and enhance performance, quality and responsiveness of apps.
Develop production implementation procedures and collaborate with other IT groups to migrate apps to production environment.
Design and implement CICD for mobile apps. Effective collaboration with trainers to develop end-user training for apps.
Collaborate with cross-functional teams to design development workflows using successful, proven strategies. Mentor junior developers.
Identification of problems, bottlenecks and fix bugs. Work on technical debts

Employment / Project History

Togo Group, Auckland, New Zealand (2017 – present)
Project: RV App Platform – Togo Platform
Role: Development of cross-platform (iOS / Android) React Native mobile applications.

App development - make sure development of the new feature is implemented as per user stories, meet design specifications. Implement offline app capabilities using Apollo Client, GraphQL, AppSync and Amplify. Optimistic UI, real-time updates using GraphQL subscriptions. Write GraphQL Schemas, Queries, Mutations and Subscriptions. Use the latest React patterns – React Hooks, Context, Functional Components.

Consume RESTful APIs in iOS/Android app. Create builds for testing, setup CICD for apps in Microsoft AppCenter for React Native project (iOS and Android). Automate app build process in Microsoft app center. Use Microsoft CodePush to deploy mobile app updates directly to mobile devices. Setup app for different environments – dev, test, staging, production. Collaborate with various teams to ship new features in a timely manner. Ensure data is pushed correctly into MongoDB. Create custom components in React Native. Custom form component in React Native with validations. Implement template engine in React Native. Cache templates in app. Ensure app performance and quality of code.

Interact with designers, involve in UX meetings to make high standard user experience – quick, easy and responsive app experience. Identify problems and look for the best solution. Write test cases, help QAs to automate testing using test scripts. Fix bugs and follow best practices to avoid common bugs or flaws. Use Google or Apple Map APIs, navigation, Google location APIs. Cloudinary APIs for image upload, manipulation. Cloud media library.

Use OIDC for login, SSO - Google, Facebook etc. JSON Web Token (JWT). Use of deep linking and custom URI. Implement and access Camera, Photo gallery functionality in React Native app for iOS and Android. Make sure app code is cross-platform with native controls in Android and iOS.

Use Firebase Analytics, Crashlytics in React Native App. Use Firebase cloud messaging for push notifications.

Upgrade React Native framework to latest version. Use the best tools for benchmarking, optimization and memory tuning. Cache app data using Asyncstorage, redux-persist to persist redux state.

Create app signing certificates for Android and iOS. Create and update list of iOS devices in iOS provisioning profile. Deploy app to Apple App Store and Google Play Store.

Create and maintain codebase in Git. Code versioning in Git. Write build scripts and automate build process. White label app for different clients. Internationalization - Internationalized React Native apps for multilingual users.

Technology: JavaScript ES6/7, Flow, React Native, Redux, GraphQL, Apollo, AppSync, Amplify
Description: Togo RV Platform is an RV app development platform for white labelling apps for Togo partner OEMs. Togo RV is a mobile app for trip tracking, vehicle management, maintenance, service centres, explore RV Living community news and updates.

Reckon Ltd, Reckon Group, Auckland, New Zealand (2013 - 2017)
Project: Reckon App
Role: Development of cross-platform (iOS / Android) React Native mobile application. Convert wireframes into functional modules. Consume backend services and Restful APIs in iOS/Android app. User account creation, profile management, upgrade, downgrade account. Create builds for testing, setup CICD for apps. Ensure app performance and quality of code.
Interact with designers, involve in UX meetings to make high standard user experience – quick, easy and responsive app experience. Fix bugs and follow best practices to avoid common bugs or flaws. Use Identity server for login, Google, Microsoft SSO. Create and update list of iOS devices in iOS provisioning profile. Create and maintain different branches in Git. Code versioning in Git. Write build scripts.

Technology: JavaScript ES6/7, React Native, Redux
Description: Financial accounting mobile app – timesheets, bills, invoices, expenses

Project: Reckon Mobile
Role: Development and maintenance of cross-platform hybrid mobile application (AU/ NZ/ UK). Write custom components. Use Compass/ Sass to write style classes and compile to CSS3 classes. Develop slide navigation. Use Cordova plugins to access the camera in the app. Write Cordova plugin to implement certain features. Write test cases, help QAs to automate testing using test scripts. Setup CICD for the app in Telerik App Builder. Write build scripts to automate the build process using Sencha cmd.
Create and maintain app signing certificates for iOS and Android. Create and update list of iOS devices in iOS provisioning profile. Deploy app to Apple App Store and Google Play Store. Create and maintain different branches in Git. Code versioning in Git.

Technology: JavaScript, HTML5, CSS3, Compass/ Sass, Sencha Touch and PhoneGap/ Cordova
Description: Financial accounting mobile app available on app store - timesheets, bills, invoices, expenses, record money transfer, bank accounts.

TickerPlant Ltd, Financial Technologies Group, Mumbai, India
Project: Market View Mobile (Windows Phone version, 2012)
Role: Design, Development and Test application for Windows Phone. Use Socket connection for real-time feed and HTTP for API calls to the server. Write test cases, collaborate with QAs. Create custom components in Silverlight. Use Windows Phone navigation controllers for Page navigations. Use Silverlight for UI and C# for business logic.
Technology: C#.NET and Silverlight
Description: Real time live exchange feeds on Windows Phone.

Project: MDI for Android Tabs (2011-2012)
Role: Design, Development and Test custom control interface - MDI for Android Tabs. Store state of each document tab in xml. Persist document state. Drag and drop row functionality to open or update existing windows inside documents. Ensure UX quality and performance is maintained at high load. Draw charts using graphics APIs in Java Android. Use Android Activity, Activity life cycle events and Intents.

Technology: Java, XML and Android SDK
Description: MDI (Multiple Document Interface). An Android custom control interface for creating an application that enables users to work with multiple documents at the same time, such as grids, images, or any custom control/view.

Project: Market View Mobile (Android version, 2009-2011)
Role: Design, Development and Test application for Android phones. Use Socket connection for real-time feed and HTTP for API calls to the server. Use Android Activity, Activity life cycle events and Intents. Draw charts using graphics APIs in Java Android. Use Xml to define UI components. Write test cases, collaborate with QAs.
Technology: Java, XML and Android SDK
Description: Real time live exchange feeds on Android.

Project: Mobile News Upload (2010)
Role: Development using C#.NET for Windows Mobile
Technology: C#.NET, Java- Android, ASP.NET and SQL Server
Description: Developed for Ticker News. Upload News stories or headlines to Ticker News server from anywhere at any time using the mobile phone.

Project: Market View Mobile (2008- 2009)
Role: Development using C#.NET for Windows Mobile and Test application on various handsets
Technology: C#.NET, ASP.NET and SQL Server
Description: Market View Mobile is a Socket based application that gives real time feeds for Stock, Currency and Commodity exchanges (BSE, NSE, MCX, NCDEX, MCXSX, FOREX and NSE currency exchange).

Financial Technologies (India) Ltd, Financial Technologies Group, Mumbai, India
Role: Development using C#.NET and J2ME and Test application on various handsets
Technology: J2ME, C#.NET and ASP

Project: iWin INT (2007- 2008)
iWin INT is an International version mainly for the Middle East exchanges (DGCX, ADSM and DFM). Real time exchange feeds and place orders from the phone.

Project: iWin (2006- 2007)
iWin application is mainly for the Indian exchanges (MCX, NCDEX, BSE and NSE). Real time exchange feeds and place orders from the phone.

Qualification
Bachelor of Engineering (Information Technology) from University of Mumbai, India – 2006
Contact this candidate