Luis Eduardo Hernandez Diaz
619-***-**** 858-***-****
admqcj@r.postjobfree.com
LinkedIn - https://www.linkedin.com/in/luiseduardohd

Xamarin Tech Lead Mobile developer with more than 12 years of total web development experience and more than 10 years into mobile development using latest Mobile technologies.

Goal focused Developer with year of experience in designing, developing, maintaining and architecting, refactoring Mobile applications, committed to maintaining cutting edge technical skills and up-to-date industry knowledge. I am a dependable, detail-driven individual with established ability to improve productivity and efficiencies through technology applications and innovative techniques for rapid development.

Professional Summary:
Ten plus years of IT experience developing software with focused on mobile development, testing and deployment in both consumer and enterprise based mobile applications using diverse languages and technologies such as Object-C, Swift, Xamarin, C#, Java, HTML, CSS, JavaScript.
Defined development guidelines for mobile applications over iOS and successfully integrated current deployment line including testing process.
Experience as iOS Native Developer on Xcode using UIKit, Core Location, MapKit, Cocoa Touch and other mobile Frameworks.
Developed apps using various iOS design patterns (MVC, Delegation, Protocols).
Comprehensive understanding of iOS/Android application architecture, UI components & controls.
Good understanding of UI guidelines, and experience with: Table view, Stack view, TabBar, Collection view, Navigation and third-party view components.
Proficiency with common API's (Email, WebView, Contact Manager, Camera, Notifications, Bluetooth).
Experience working with Objective-C, Swift to develop iOS apps using the core frameworks such as UIKit, Foundation, AVFoundation, CocoaTouch, MapKit, Core Data and third-party libraries.
Hands on experience in developing dynamic web pages using HTML5, CSS, JSON, DOM, JavaScript on ASP.net
Experienced in provisioning and publishing applications in App Store, Google Play store with working knowledge of publishing procedures and review process.
Experience with implementing push notifications (Firebase, SNS), animations, and user location.
Experience helping and working as project management designing plans, distribution of work, and time schedules, especially when new technologies arrive that the company wants to implement.

Education:
Bachelor of Computer Science 2008
University: Universidad Autonoma de Nuevo Leon.

Certifications:
Xamarin Certified Developer, Xamarin University
Sun Java Certified Programmer (SJCP)
Titanium Certified Developer ( TCD )

GITHub
github.com/luiseduardohd

Unbabeler/Poliglotr code translator Obj-c<->C# v 0.01 https://github.com/luiseduardohd/Unbabeler
UIGenerator generates user interface from model v 0.01 (like monotouch dialog but for Xamarin forms) https://github.com/luiseduardohd/UIGenerator
UIViewController Category for Screenshots gist.github.com/luiseduardohd/c3fbd1c95ccb52ad3aa4
Storyboard XML format parser gist.github.com/luiseduardohd/1304a923f7978aeb1533
Xamarin Controls Github organization (recompilation of Xam libs) github.com/XamarinControls
Merry Christmas with Apple Script gist.github.com/luiseduardohd/615732e603e7d8cfda40

Technical Skills:
Languages
Objective-C, Swift, Java, C#.Net, C, C++, Lua, Python, SQL.
Html
HTML, HTML5, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery
Mobile Technologies
iOS Native, Xamarin.
IDE
XCode, Android Studio, Xamarin Studio/Visual Studio.
iOS
Objective-C, Swift, Cocoa Touch, Foundation, AVFoundation, UIKit, MapKit, PushNotifications.
Android
Layout design, fragments, multi-threading, layout design, fragments, multi-threading, lifecycle, multi-touch, Data Binding.
Asp
Asp MVC, Asp webforms, Blazor.
Web Service
JSON, XML, RESTFUL, SOAP, RPC.
Version Tools
GIT, GITLAB, GitHub, Subversion, Team Foundation Server. Bitbucket
Payment Gateway
PayPal, Ecommpay.
Operating Systems
OSX (apple), Linux, Windows, iOS, Android.
Databases
SQLite, Realm, SQL Server, Oracle DB.
Project Management tools
Jira, Trello, BaseCamp, Agile Methodologies.
Continuos integration
Bitrise, Hockey app/Visual Studio App Center, TestFlight
Testing
NUnit, XCTest, JUnit
UI Automation
Cabalash iOS/Android, Appium, VS App Center, Puppeteer, Selenium, AutoHotKey, AppleScript.
Exception management
HockeyApp/VS App Center, Raygun, Instabug.
Other Technologies
Kinvey, Tokbox, Quickblox, Firebase, Hockey, CocoaPods.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:

Truist/Crump crump.com June 2020-Current
Tech Lead Xamarin Software Developer
Location: Harrisburg Pennsylvania

Project Name: Crump Life Insurance
App URL: https://apps.apple.com/us/app/crump-life-insurance/id1543771728
Project Description: Application to help certified agents run quotes for their clients and provides information that helps them and their clients decide their best option.
Responsibilities:
Performed requirements gathering, transforming them into epics, user stories, development tasks and actively involved in the application architecture and design.
Create initial code architecture.
Adding accessibility feature and testing those features.
Helping with the implementation of web services.
Solving issues and bugs.
Refactoring application in order to be able to use the business code on both Forms and Native, anticipating a future migration to MAUI or Native.
Build and publish app.
Environment: iOS, Android, Xamarin Forms, Biometric authentication, Accessibility, Azure DevOps.

Ryder Systems ryder.com Feb 2020-May 2020
Mobile Software Developer
Location: Miami, Florida

Project Name: RyderFuel app
App URL: ryder.com/solutions/fleet-leasing/fuel-services
Project Description: Ryder Fuel management application, dispense fuel, print ticket and track inventory.
Responsibilities:
Performed requirements gathering, transforming them into epics, user stories, development tasks and actively involved in the application architecture and design.
Developing features for flagship mobile application using Xamarin Forms.
Developing custom renders and effect in order to reuse functionality and keep code clean.
Create and maintain User tests and UI automation tests.
Create user interface using Android SDK, iOS SDK and Xamarin Forms for designing UI using framework APIs and XAML with different available layouts and controls .
Analyze, Design, Implement and Integrate functional requirements in new/existing solutions.
Working closely with analysts, designers and rest of the team members to achieve project & organizational objectives.
Producing detailed specifications and writing the program codes that performs efficiently.

Environment: iOS, Android, Xamarin Forms, Camera, Bluetooth, Google maps. Azure DevOps.

Lehigh Hanson lehighhanson.com Oct 2018-Jan 2020
Mobile Software Developer
Location: Australia working remote
from Tijuana, Mexico

Project Name: Buildey
App URL: https://www.buildey.com.au/#/
Project Description: Uber eats like app for construction materials. Is an strategic application for a new line of business, the application is already working in Australia, and is planned to be launched globally by the company.
Responsibilities:
Performed requirements gathering, transforming them into epics, user stories, development tasks and actively involved in the application architecture and design.
Utilizing MVVM design patterns for implementing the architecture of the application.
Implementing Web API Services for web service calls backend System and database.
Collaboration with the UX team and product owners before and during development.
Experience implementing native and 3th Party Frameworks.
Environment: iOS, Android, Xamarin, Google maps, Camera, Calendar, Accessibility. Bitbucket, TestFlight.

Multiva Bank multiva.com.mx Feb 2018 – Oct 2018
iOS Mobile Developer (Freelance)
Location: Monterrey, Mexico

Project Name: Multiva Bank app
App URL:
apps.apple.com/mx/app/multiva-banca-digital-móvil/id1469997781
play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.microemu.android.model.common.VTUserApplicationMLTVMB
Project Description: This is the main bank application. I worked the first version of this app, and I worked this new request as Freelancer, they asked me to add some modules and fix some bugs.
Responsibilities: Analyze Requirements, and work the task until delivery.
Plan and execute testing with bank executives.
Environment: iOS and Android Native, Ice RPC Services.

iTether Technologies itethertech.com July 2017 - Feb 2018
Lead iOS Mobile Software Developer
Location: Las Vegas, Nevada working remote from
Monterrey, Mexico

Project Name: iTether
App URL: tethertech.com
Project Description: Health Services app to keep track rehab patients, offering them courses, in books and videos, where they can communicate directly with their doctor through a chat within the application and can see on the calendar the appointments they have, this is the main application of this startup.
Responsibilities: Performed requirements gathering, transforming them into epics, user stories, development tasks and actively involved in the application architecture and design.
Utilizing MVVM design patterns for implementing the architecture of the application.
Environment: iOS, Android, Xamarin, Kinvey RTDB, Chat, Videoconference, PDF viewer, Bitrise, Github.

Site Service Software siteservicesoftware.com Jan 2017 - July 2017
iOS Mobile Developer
Location: Jamison, Pennsylvania, working remote from
Monterrey, Mexico

Project Name: Mobile Dispatch
App URL: NA/Internal app.
Project Description: Helped adding some modules to the app.
Responsibilities: Is a field application for Mechanics, Tickets are generated in the office and are automatically send to field personnel.
Field Surveys with Monkey survey on a WebView.
Geolocation to keep track of Mechanics using geofence and regular updates.
Multiple Photos per Ticket
Legal/Permanent ASW Ticket Storage, using S3 API
Automatic Check Out / Check in with geofence.
Environment: iOS, Xamarin, AWS S3, WebView, Geolocation, Bitbucket.

Sigma Foods sigma-alimentos.com July 2016 - Jan 2017
Lead Mobile Developer
Location: Monterrey, Mexico

Project Name: SolMovil
App URL: N/A (private enterprise app)
Project Description: (Android, iOS Xamarin) Field agent app
A migration of an old logistics system in windows CF on PDA terminals was performed, to Android phones using Xamarin technology to be able to reuse a part of the previous code, in this way it was possible to reduce the delivery time and we could archieve reduction in inherited code testing time too.
Environment: iOS, Android, Xamarin, maps, SOAP SAP Services, Signature Control, Camera, Bluetooth, TFS.

Tecnológico de Monterrey tec.mx Aug 2015 - July 2016
iOS Mobile Developer
Location: Monterrey, Mexico

Project Name: MiTec
App URL: apps.apple.com/mx/app/mitec-movil/id500004669
Project Description: Helped adding some modules to the app.
Responsibilities: It is an application for the students of the university that allows them to see the news of the campus, see those related to the student life, review the grades, schedule, listen to podcasts and configure services. I worked by adding a module to the application, I worked this module specifically myself.
Environment: iOS, Android, Titanium SDK, JavaScript, Subversion.

BSD Enterprise bsdenterprise.com Jun 2014 - Aug 2015
Lead Mobile Factory
Location: Monterrey, Mexico

Project Name: Q-bits app solutions apps
App URL: q-bitsapp.com
apps.apple.com/es/app/q-bits-chat/id1289394049
Project Description: I was contacted from this company to create the mobile application development department for the company, these solutions started as an idea to create a complete medical services application, and it was working under this idea until it was seen that the requirements had grown a lot and a considerable time was required to complete everything, then the idea was to split the system into small modules that are sold separately to customers, modules such as chat, which is a complete chat application, the restaurant application like OpenTable that help to reserve a place. These are currently sold as customizable applications for each business.

Creating the Mobility Department, I was in charge of defining the projects to be carried out, raising requirements for the proposed projects, developing MVP and searching and interviewing and hiring developers to continue with the second versions and bug resolution.
Responsibilities: Stared all the project, hire people, choose technology, helping with market studies.
Perform applications personal assistant BSD AP using Native Objective-C
Designed and developed cross platform BSD Chat using Ionic and AngularJS
Worked on applications Chat with Quickblox backend for BSD Chat using Native Objective-C
Worked on phase 1 App medical system using Xamarin
Consuming RESTful API for the software updates.
Implementing design patterns for increase the performance of the Mobile app
Supporting the maintenance team on its periodic tasks such as: bug fixing, continuous integration, build publication, communication with customer’s and technical staff.
Understood the project scope, identified activities/tasks, task level estimates, schedule, dependencies, risks and provide this to upper management for decision making.
Environment: iOS, Android, Xamarin, AngularJS, API, GSON, JSON, Quickblox, Tokbox, Github.

Banamex banamex.com Oct 2013 - Jun 2014
Project Lead Mobile and Developer
Location: Monterrey, Mexico

Project Name: Transfer
App URL: banamex.com/transfer/app-transfer.html
apps.apple.com/mx/app/transfer/id596050024
play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.citi.transfer
Project Description: This application is the result of an alliance of three big companies in Mexico, Telcel, Banamex, and Inbursa. The idea is to bring users a easy way to use more financial services, everybody with a phone number in Mexico can create an account and use bank with this service. I worked in this application as lead or technical lead, they hired me because of my experience working in multiple mobile platforms, in this i helped coordinate the development of the apps, and i develop by myself in native code the platforms Android, Windows Phone and Blackberry 10 and helped with some bugs on iOS, Firefox OS platform and some backend issues.
Responsibilities: Help with the project management, help everyone that has problems with their job, develop and test Android, Windows Phone and Blackberry 10 platforms.
Transfer iOS using Native Objective-C
Transfer Android using Java, JSON, Web services
Transfer Windows Phone 7 (C#, JSON, Web Services)
Transfer Blackberry 10 (QT-QML, C++, JSON, Web Services)
Transfer Firefox OS (JavaScript, Web services)
Used fragments to build small re-usable pieces that are easier to manage and allow for a more fluid visual design and can adapt to tablet and phone resolutions
Developed user documents for the users
Worked on security implementation by the client – side application
Lead and mentor team of 4 members for mobile application development.
Environment: Xamarin, iOS, Objective-C, Android, C#, JSON, Web Services, POC, Subversion.

National Unity nationalunity.com Jan 2013 - Oct 2013
Software Engineer
Location: Monterrey, Mexico

Project Name: Appsegurate
App URL: nationalunity.com
apps.apple.com/us/app/appsegurate/id898343554
Project Description: I made this application as a freelancer in a company that I created, I was in charge of helping to find projects, requirement gathering, create app mockups and polish requirements, to start the development, and to get a people to support in finishing it.
Responsibilities:
Participated in complete Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) for proper analysis, development of reusable code, testing and enhancement of the code.
Environment: iOS Xamarin, Github.

Project Name: Reporte Accidente.
App URL:
apps.apple.com/us/app/reporte-accidente/id1348892656
Project Description: I made this application as a freelancer with friends, I was in charge of helping to look for the project, to carry out the lifting of requirements, to make models of the application, to start the development, and to get a people to support in finishing it.
App insurance iOS, Android, Blackberry using PhoneGap, JavaScript, jQuery mobile, JSON, web services, geolocation
Designed & developed UI Screens with CSS3, JavaScript to provide interactive screens to display data, using jQuery Mobile.
Optimized the UI to make the layouts reusable by showing or hiding a few views, using frame layouts using fragments concept.
Implemented different versions of same application to run on different platforms.
Used GITHUB for code repository and maintaining current and historical versions of the source code.
Environment: iOS, Android, Blackberry, JavaScript, jQuery, JSON, Web services, PhoneGap, Github.

Sigma Foods sigma-alimentos.com Jan 2012 - Jan 2013
Mobile Engineer
Location: Monterrey, Mexico

Project Name: Sigma Foods Recipes.
Project Description: I made the recipes app where you could see recipes with company products.
Responsibilities: Be in charge of development and maintaining of the app.
Involved in the requirements gathering.
Worked on App Recipes using Xcode, Objective-C, Web Services and SQLite
Involved in making release builds for deploying the application and upload to the stores.
Testing new flows and validates the correct functionality.
Write technical and user manuals.
Environment: iOS, Android, Xamarin, Web Services, SQLite, TFS.

Multiva Bank multiva.com.mx Jun 2011 - Jan 2012
iOS Mobile Developer
Location: Monterrey, Mexico

Project Name: Multiva Bank app
App URL:
apps.apple.com/mx/app/multiva-banca-digital-móvil/id1469997781
play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.microemu.android.model.common.VTUserApplicationMLTVMB
Project Description: This is the main banking application, it is the main application of this bank, I worked the first version that was a basic banking application made in native code and that made calls to ICE RPC services, and later they contacted me again to add some modules of Different functionalities
Environment: iOS and Android Native, SQLite, Ice RPC Services.

Yumbling / Chilango grupoexpansion.com Nov 2010 - Jan 2011
iOS Developer
Location: Monterrey, Mexico

Project Name: Yumbling / Chilango
App URL: yumbling.com
Project Description: Foursquare like app, focused on Mexican market. One of the first Mexican successful startups, currently has been sell to Grupo Expansion in Mexico.
Responsibilities: I was working as iOS developer creating demos for sells team but started in this this project as a support for current Blackberry Developers, then the developers quit and I had to complete the development of the Blackberry App and I worked too on the iOS App.
Build applications such as Yumbling, app like Foursquare, now Chilango iOS
Design and developed mobile applications using Objective-C, Xcode, Java, Eclipse, Blackberry SDK5.
Wrote modules in JavaME/BB5 and Objective-C, generate SQL queries according to specifications using the framework.
Developed database code for transactions.
Debugged classes using Eclipse Debugger.
Tested applications on multiple devices to ensure compatibility standards
Programmed with clean, modular, robust code using Java and XML with Blackberry SDK platform.
Environment: XCode, Objective-C, iOS, Android, Blackberry, Java, Eclipse, SQLite.

Banorte banorte.com Jun 2009 - Nov 2010
Java NetWeaver Developer
Location: Monterrey, Mexico

Project Name: SICRESE (Sistema de Crédito Selectivo, Selective Credit System)
App URL: N/A (Internal app)
Project Description: Selective Credit System using java and connecting with SAP with Netweaver.
Responsibilities: Develop, and help resolving bugs.
Involved in Java application testing and maintenance in development and production.
Involved in developing the customer data tables. Maintaining the customer support and customer data from database tables in Oracle database.
Designed and developed Views, Model and Controller components implementing MVC Framework in Netweaver.
Troubleshooting, monitoring production applications.
Logged and monitored incidents and request in production environment, tracking the escalation
Solved bugs and request tickets, provide Root cause analysis
Performance metrics, SLA, escalating request and incident tickets.
Environment: Java Web Dynpro, Netweaver, Jasper Reports, Oracle DB.
Contact this candidate