Mohinder Singh Sarohiwal

Mobile No: +919********* Email:adnlk0@r.postjobfree.com
Professional Summary
Having 12 plus years plus of total experience presently not working and seeking a challenging assignment in Project Management on Production Environment with a growth oriented organization.
Having experience in development as well as in SQL database. Adept at ASP.Net Development. An effective communicator with team management and organizational skills and capacity to meet deadlines.

Personal Details
Present Address : #2156, Sector 15, Panchkula,Haryana 134113
Permanent Address : #74B, Swami Enclave, Dhakauli, Zirakhpur, Punjab
Date of Birth : 17th Nov, 1979
Marital Status : Married
Current Organization: Not working
Total Exp : 12 years plus
Preferred Location : Anywhere

Skills
Technical Languages:MS .NET (VB .NET, ASP.NET,C#), WebApi, Entity Framework, Crystal Reports, JQuery, MVC
Management Skills :Project Management and Implementation & Business Development.
Databases : MS SQL Server 2000, DB2 (IBM certified), MS SQL Server 2012 & 2017
Tools :Aspect EPRO 6.5 and EPRO 6.6
Analysis & Design :UML, Object Oriented Analysis & Design
Experience
Organization
Designation
Duration
DAKTERS Software Consulting Pvt. Ltd.
Project Manager
(07/2018) – (07/2019)
Micromation Pvt. ltd.
Sr. Software Engineer
(05/2012) – (03/2018)
Pacific IT Solutions
Manager
(09/2009) – (02/2012)
SPARSH BPO Services Limited
Process Coordinator
(05/2007) – (07/2009)
Logix Net Solutions Pvt. Ltd
Software Developer
(05/2006) – (05/2007)
Createch Software Pvt. Ltd
Software Developer
(06/2005) – (12/2005)

Organizational Details
Since July 2018 with DAKTERS Software Consulting Pvt. Ltd. as a Project Manager. DAKTERS Software Consulting Pvt. Ltd. With the right combination of people, processes, knowledge sharing and technology we provide cutting edge Software solutions. Company has the capability to streamline and enhance mission-critical operations and has solutions for Hospitals and Doctors.

Job Description:
1.Organization : DAKTERS Software Consulting Pvt. Ltd.
Designation : Project Manager
Duration : 13 Months
Project Name : DAKTARZ Software

This software is cloud based. Easy to Access from anywhere like phone, tablet you just need internet to access the application. Doctors Consultation, Ambulance and Medicines anytime & in case of emergency on the go.

Job Profile Includes:
Team handling for achieving the goal on time without any fails, sorting out the issue.
Database Designing was done by me only keeping in mind the relationship of all the tables.
Guide the designer in designing front end of the application.
Helping the mobile developer in understanding the webapi’s for smooth implementation in mobile app.
Looking after the hiring and managing the attendance.
Making offer letters of the new joiners and collecting the docs of them for cross-verification.
Interacting with the persons and taking their feedback about features in software.

2.Organization : Micromation Pvt. ltd.
Designation : Senior Software Engineer
Duration : 72 Months
Project Name : i-Bill Front Office Billing Software, i-Bill Restaurant Billing Software

This software is cloud based. Easy to Access from anywhere like phone, tablet you just need internet to access the application. Billing, Reports on the go.

Job Profile Includes:
Taking care of front end design, keeping it simple and user friendly. So that the software can be operated easily.
Designing of the database, keeping in view that there is no anomaly while saving or retrieving the data.
Application installation, software training and bug removal.
Interacting with the customers and dealers in case of any problem.
Handling team and guiding how to go through in case of problems.

3.Organization : Logix Net Solutions Pvt. Ltd
Designation : Software Developer
Duration : 12 Months
Project Name : Change Management Process (CMP)

CMP is software to keep track of all the changes that will be raised by client. This software was developed to keep track of all the requests raised by any client for any kind of change in the software. There were stages for every request. You can see who worked on the request and what kind of work was done. How much time was taken. It was designed and coded by me. For front end and coding Visual Studio 2003 was used. For Database we used Microsoft SQL Server 2000.

Job Profile Includes:
Software design and database design as per the guidance of the boss.
Software installation and training to the customers.
Bug removal

4.Organization : Createch Software Pvt. Ltd
Designation : Software Developer
Duration : 7 Months
Project Name : HR Management System, Directory Management System (DMS)

HR Software includes the daily day to day work of MCTE personnel’s. It start from daily attendance and end with the all the official work of army personnel’s. This software is very useful to keep track the record of personnel of Indian Army. Cater all the payments related to civilian staff.
Directory Management System, it enables OC Communication to create and manage database of Telephone Directory from print media to e-media.
Job Profile Includes:
Making document of the software with all the features explained in a simple manner.
Coding of the software a per the senior guidelines,
Making of stored procedures as per the direction of the senior person.

Scholastic Credentials

MCA passed from International Institute of professional Studies (IIPS) DAVV Indore, in 2005.
BCA passed from International Institute of professional Studies (IIPS) DAVV Indore, in 2002.
XII passed from Kendriya Vidyalaya Srinagar, in 1998.
X passed from Kendriya Vidyalaya Mhow, in 1996.

Certifications
MCDBA Certifications

IBM DB2 certified Specialist having cleared: 512 Certification, Oct 2002.

Achievements
Merit Certificate in Mathematics Olympiad
Winner in volleyball in K.V. Srinagar 1997
Captain of batch and hostel volleyball team, 2003.

Extra Activities
Had involved in setting up Local Area Network in our campus Hostel, involving custom sub netting & installation of Microsoft Windows 2000 Professional Ed. & Windows XP on 16 Nodes.
Head of Hostel’s Mess committee (fully managed by students)
Member of synergy club, a cultural committee at IIPS.
Organized & participated in Blood donation camp in the hostel.
Contribution Area as Software Development
As a team member, my responsibilities are:
Software Design which is user friendly
Software Development
Software Testing
Maintaining & Managing, Monitoring Database running on SQL Server and MS Access.
Local Backup and Recovery Strategy for all SQL Servers.
Maintaining Security of the SQL Server.
Design, implementation and review of SQL database queries, views, stored procedures and triggers.
Experience in tuning and Monitoring Database Maintenance Plan.
Creating and monitoring schedule Jobs.

About myself- I am a hard working and ambitious person. I can be trusted with responsibilities. Like to work under pressure because I believe it improves my work capabilities. I like to achieve the best result and I would give the 100% to the concern I work for.
Self-confident having organization, analytical capabilities & can take heavy workload.
Capability to work with a team and alone as a team member.
Result oriented attitude.

Date: Mohinder Singh Sarohiwal
Contact this candidate