Van Erick Pena
**** * ************ ***
West Jordan, Ut 84081
385-***-****
adpk8i@r.postjobfree.com -https://www.linkedin.com/in/van-erick-pena-a92a6671
Summary
Excellent Experience in sourcing and hiring top talent for Fortune 500 and other diverse industry organisations. Skilled in full-cycle recruiting, key account management, and high volume recruiting through Social Media networking, and event/ Career fair organisation. Leverage’s metrics and modern methods to seamlessly fill high-priority positions, improve processes and build a strong employer brand.

Educational
●Associates Degree in Psychology from John Jay College of Criminal Justice, New York 1990 – 1993

Language: Spanish, English

Skills:
●Full Cycle Recruiting
●Sourcing
●Onboarding
●Interviews
●Payroll
●Scheduling
●Terminations
●Employee Relations
●Human Resources
●Sales calls
●Retention
●Job descriptions
●salary negotiations
●Microsoft (office, outlook, excel etc.)

Professional Experience
Swoon Staffing (Client-Stericycle) March 2021– July 2021
Staff Recruiter
●Communicating with hiring managers to identify future job openings and the technical requirements for those jobs.
●Writing job descriptions and posting to relevant media platforms.
●Screening applicants for competency with the job requirements.
●Arranging telephone, video, or in-person interviews.
●Performing background and reference checks.
●Offering job positions and completing the relevant paperwork.
●Keeping track of all applicants as well as keeping applicants informed on the application process.
●Forecasting recruitment budgets.
●Recruited complete operations team from managers to support staff, plant workers, full support staff for facility manager, CDL, field biologists
●Technology used: SucessFactors

CSS Corp Salt Lake City, UT September 2018 – Nov 2020
Contract Corporate/Technical Recruiter
●Full cycle recruiter helping to fill various projects with diversified technical roles.
●Worked with various interview formats (e.g. phone, Skype and structured)
●Technical expertise with an ability to understand and explain job requirements for diverse IT roles
●Familiarity with Applicant Tracking Systems and resume databases
●Solid knowledge of sourcing techniques (e.g. social media recruiting and Boolean search)
●Conduct interviews and ensure that necessary employment paperwork is completed.
●Advertised job openings across multiple platforms and organize interviews.
●Designed procedures for each hiring stage, including assessments and interview questions
●Ensured proper on boarding for new hires.
●Coordinated with department managers and team leaders to identify current and future hiring needs.
●Managed candidate’s information in our applicant tracking system.
●Address employee relations issues, such as harassment allegations, work complaints.
●Manage recruiters by conducting regular performance reviews,gaps identifications .
●Scheduling job interviews and assisting in interview process
●Responsible to internal and external HR related inquiries or requests and provide assistance.
●Completing termination paperwork and assisting with exist interviews,background checks
●Design, plan and execute selection processes (conduct interviews and screening calls, administer psychological tests etc.)
●Analyze employment related data and prepare required reports.
●Interview job applicants to obtain information on work history, training, education, skills.
●Evaluate resumes and conduct initial screenings to determine candidate criteria.
●Coordinate interview scheduling with candidate and hiring managers.
●Communicating with clients to better understand their needs.
●Recruited roles-sales team for a call center, IT help desk, programers, technical analysts, systems analyst, corporate roles including HR Manager
●Completed searches for: EDI Systems Analyst (East Coast), Salesforce APEX Developer (East Coast), SAP ABAP Developer, IT Server Administrator, Project Manager (South America), Helpdesk Administrator (Bilingual Korean), Java Developer (East Coast), .NET Full Stack Developer, and JavaScript (Node.js) Developer.
●Technology used: Dice.com, Linked In, Facebook & Instagram networking with technical recruiters

Express Employment Professionals Taylorsville, UT April 2017 – September 2018
Staffing Consultant- Full Cycle
●Has extensively worked on the non-technical, (Some Technical) positions e.g. customer service, call
●center, IT help desk, entry level tech support sales, reception, front desk, office admin, warehouse, forklift operator, manufacturing,
●and production, general labor. skilled tradesman, CDL drivers
●Manages and consults over 100 client accounts. Manages online posts, flyers and on-site recruiting for
●employment.
●Responsible for new hire paperwork, on boarding and reviewing resumes for consideration.
●Prescreens individuals for employment.
●Conducts interviews, on-site drug screens and background checks on all hired associates Select qualified job applicants or refer them to managers, making hiring recommendations when
●appropriate. Reviews employment applications and job orders to match applicants with job
●requirements.
●Attends facility tours and luncheons with new clientele. -Conducts safety orientation with all new hires.
●Conducts 25-50 client calls daily to generate job orders.
●Arranges management interviews by coordinating schedules, arranging travel, lodging, and meals, escorting applicant to interviews, and arranging community tours.
●Evaluates applicants by discussing job requirements and applicant qualifications with managers and interviewing applicants on a consistent set of qualifications
●schedule and coordinate interviews cooperatively with hiring managers.
●business development in various markets
●Completed searches and hired for: .Net Software Development Lead, Jr .Net Software Developer(C-H), QA Mobile Tester (C-H), QA WMS Tester(C-H), Front End Developer (C-H), Product Manager WMS (C-H), Web Product Manager (created), IT Helpdesk Supervisor, IT Helpdesk Technician 2nd shift (C-H), Intern for Software Development, Director of IT Ops, Sr DevOps Engineer (created), Sr Manager of Software Development- Customer Facing, Sr Manager of Project Management, and Sr IT DevOps Manager.
●Technology used: Workforce Services partnership, job boards

C3Customer Contact Channels,Salt Lake City, UT January 2016 – March 2017
Talent Acquisition Specialist
●Scheduled appointments between 10-20 appointments daily.
●Promoted to Full Cycle Recruiter within a 2 week time frame.
●Recruited candidates with customer service, call center, help desk, IT Department experience. - Ensure
●timely and accurate reporting of recruitment activity through applicable documentation of candidates in
●Attended job fairs, set up company booth and pre-screened potential candidates. Completed training
●with new hires also supervised orientation classes for pre-employment.
●Filled 6 hiring classes every 2 weeks of between 50-60 new employees. (Customer Service Agents, Help desk
●Medical Insurance Agents, Help Desk, IT Department, Supervisors and Managers).
●Completed searches and hired for the following positions: Software Engineer (Embedded), Hardware Engineer, Mechanical Design Engineer, Engineering Manager, Oracle DBA, Unix Systems Administrators, CampusVue Developer, Sharepoint Application Developer, J2EE Developer, Flex/ ColdFusion Developer, Business Analysts, .Net Developer, and User Experience Designers.
●Responsible for sourcing, screening, interviewing and maintaining a pipeline of qualified candidates
●through ads, referrals, internet and networking.
●Responsible for a 30% increase in productivity in the Talent Acquisition Department.
●Technology used: ATS (Taleo, Workday).

Discover, Salt Lake City UT Feb 2013 to Jan 2016
Contract Recruiter
●Contract assignments to support: new market launches, IPO’s, integral company projects, etc.
●Acted as an ambassador in the community brand Company as an employer-of-choice
●Conducting interviews and filtering candidates for open positionsResponsible for proving applicant and candidate support throughout the recruitment and on-boarding process.
●Produced reports or analyzed recruitment data, if necessary.On boarding.
●Helped with HRS team on the boarding process, ensuring a smooth candidate experience.
●Organized new employee orientation schedules for all new hires.
●Screened all applicants based on their qualifications and background check and orientation or mentoring employee.
●Completed searches and hired for: Sr Solutions Engineer, Sr Business Development Manager, Sr IT Auditor, and IT Help Desk.
●Converted employee status from temporary to permanent.
●designing and implementing the overall recruiting strategy
●Sourcing and attracting candidates by using databases, social media etc
●Built relationships with diversity networks and participating in professional networking and recruiting
●events to generate qualified/diversified leads

Yellow Flame Corp New York City, NY January 2010 – January 2013
HR Generalist
●Ran small HR Department for a commercial stove and equipment warehouse and distributor.
●Placed open jobs to all major job sites and media outlets.
●Interviewed and on boarded candidates including checking references and job history.
●Performed difficult staffing duties, including dealing with understaffing, refereeing disputes, firing
●employees, and administering disciplinary procedures.
●Advised manager on organizational policy matters such as equal employment opportunity and sexual
●harassment, and recommend needed changes.
●Provided current and prospective employees with information about policies, job duties, working
●conditions, wages, and opportunities for promotion and employee benefits.
Contact this candidate