SKILLS
Flutter & Dart *+ yrs
Python * yrs
Django 3+ yrs
Html/CSS & Javascript 2 yrs
Bootstrap 2 yrs
Swift 1 Month
CONTACT
Nairob, Kenya
Æ +254*********
R adwkvd@r.postjobfree.com
evanswanyoike
Evans Wanyoike
live:9af49190c36e876b
© UTC + 3:00
EVANS WANYOIKE
Flutter and Django Developer
PROFILE
Flutter and Django developer.
As a senior Flutter and Django developer, I bring a wealth of expertise in building advanced cross-platform mobile and web applications. My skills and experience include in-depth understanding of Flutter’s UI toolkit, widgets, and rendering engine, proficiency in state management patterns such as BLoC, Provider, Redux, and MobX, and experience with advanced animations and custom UI/UX implementations.
In Django, I have expertise in Django’s Model-View-Template (MVT) architecture, Django’s ORM for efficient database management, and experience with authentication and authorization mechanisms, including custom authentication backends and OAuth integrations. I am also familiar with Django REST framework for building robust RESTful APIs. My advanced programming skills include offline data synchronization, push notifications, in-app purchases, and deep linking in mobile apps, as well as integrating social media APIs, payment gateways, and third- party services into Flutter and Django applications. I am proficient in debugging and profiling techniques for performance optimization and memory management.
I am well-versed in Firebase services, such as Firebase Authentication, Firestore, Realtime Database, Cloud Messaging, and Cloud Storage, and integrating Maps SDKs, such as Google Maps and Mapbox, for implementing maps and location-based services. I am also familiar with Android SDK tools for developing, testing, and debugging Flutter applications on Android devices.
WORK EXPERIENCE
Indexoftech - Gadgets Specs July 2022 - Feb 2023
Fullstack Developer
Nairobi, Kenya
Indexoftech is a flutter application available now on the Google Play Store! The app is designed to provide an engaging and user-friendly experience for our users intrested in knowing specifications of their gadgets. The app integrated with our Django API to provide dynamic and up-to-date content. For example, we utilized REST APIs for fetching data from external sources, such as social media platforms, and other third-party APIs to deliver relevant and personalized content to our users.
To manage the app’s state and ensure smooth data flow, we implemented a statemanagementarchitecturethatisProvider.These patterns help us efficiently manage the app’s state, ensuring that the UI remains responsive and the data is updated in real-time.
The backend was made with Django and Django Rest Framework for the API. Authentication with the flutter app was made with JWT(Json Web Token) and API keys. The frontend of the website was made in Bootsrap 5. CERTIFICATIONS
2023 -
The complete iOS 16
Developer Course
Udemy.com
(Started in March so far so good)
2019 - 2020
Python & Django - The
Practical Guide
Udemy.com
Learnt to build web apps with
Django and bootstrap
2020
The complete Flutter
Development Bootcamp
with Dart by Angela Yu
Udemy.com
Gained the necessary juniour
skills in flutter
Technologies include:
• Django for backend and Rest API
• Flutter for the Android/IOS/Web app
• Linux for deployment of the web app to a virtual private linux server
• Bootsrap 5 for indexoftech.com
• Data scrapping with Excel
Links:
Ù Indexoftech - Phone Specs
® Indexoftech.com
Remotasks Dec 2021 - Jan 2022
Data Annotation
Remote - Global
My main work was image annotation, video annotation and LIDAR to train AI models.
Technologies include:
• Image annotation
• Video annotation
• LIDAR
• AI & ML
(CONFIDENTIAL) - Taxi App Oct 2021 - Feb 2022
Flutter Developer
Nigeria
A driver’s app for a request taxi app. The driver’s app and admin portal was made in flutter. I used Firebase for location updating info as well as their API to deliver real time data to the app.
Technologies include:
• Working with APIs
• Firebase as a database
• Firebase authentication and role management
• Flutter bloc state management
• Flutter notifications
• Publishing of application on the Apple App Store EDUCATION
2018 - 2023
B. Arts Mathematic &
Economics
Egerton Uiversity
Equiped with the necessary
statistical skills and quantitative
methods of mathematics with
applied science in order to
solve real economies problems.
2014 - 2017
KCSE
Kijabe Boys High School
LANGUAGES
English
Native or Bilingual
Swahili
Native or Bilingual
Kikuyu
Native or Bilingual
Elwak Bookshop Dec 2020 - Feb 2021
Flutter Developer
Eastleigh, Kenya
Point of sale flutter application. This app downloaded the products catalogue fromaDjangobackendandsavedforofflineusageinflutter_hive. Whenmaking an order/processing a receipt, data would be retrieved from the hive database and added to a listview that is the printed/saved by the flutter pdf package. Technologies include:
• Django Rest Framework for making APIs
• Flutter for the desktop app
• Flutter pdf package for making and printing pdf receipts
• Flutter PDF for making documents in dart
• Online and offline data sync
FootballDl Dec 2020 - Sep 2021
Flutter Developer
USA
Footballdl is a android/ios app for football fans. It incorporates real time football data, fixtures and many more. Firebase was used for authentication, storing of user favourites and firebase cloud messaging for notifications. Various third party APIs were used.
Technologies include:
• Working with APIs
• Firebase as a database
• Firebase authentication and role management
• Flutter bloc state management
• Flutter notifications
• Localization and multi app languages with Google Cloud Translate API
• Publishing of application on the Apple App Store Links:
Ù FootballDL - Fixtures, Predictions
FootballDL - Live Soccer Stats
Dynamic Wallpapers Jan 2021 - Feb 2021
Flutter Developer
Nakuru, Kenya
A simple wallpapers app. It had premium wallpapers and ads that would be accesed after payiong to google play.
Technologies include:
• Working with asset JSON
• Google Play Billing
Coffee SACCO Management System June 2020 - Aug 2020 Django Developer
Kiambu, Kenya
A simple Bootstrap 5 management system written in django. It had user roles for various types of users
Technologies include:
• HTML, CSS and Javascript
• Bootstrap 5
• Linux shared hosting
OTHER SKILLS
•
Programming in tex, the language used to compile this pdf Deploying Django site to VPS/Shared Hosting
Uploading apps to the App Store and Google Play Console Image & video annotation and LIDAR
Contact this candidate