CURRICULUM VITAE

AFTAB HASSAN
B Tech (IT) Semester 6, NITK Surathkal
Microsoft Student Partner, 2010
Email: czu3qs@r.postjobfree.com
czu3qs@r.postjobfree.com
Mobile: +919*********

Objective To obtain a challenging position in the Information Technology field and gain new cutting edge skills and experience in a rapidly changing field with the possibility of career advancement.

Academic Profile:

DEGREE COLLEGE/SCHOOL BOARD PERCENTAGE YEAR
Secondary School Examination (10th) International Indian School, (IIS) Dammam CBSE 92% 2005
Intermediate Examination (12th) International Indian School, (IIS) Dammam CBSE 83% 2007
Bachelor of Technology
(Undergoing 6th semester) National Institute of Technology Karnataka, Surathkal NITK SGPA*
1and II semesters: 8.2
III semester: 9.4
IV semester: 8.3
Vth semester : 8.2
2008
2009
2010
2011
* Semester Grade Point Average

Highlights:

Got selected as Microsoft Student Partner, 2010
Got letter of recognition from Facebook for designing a social networking application like Facebook
Completed Cisco Certified Network Associate (CCNA ICND1)
Youth President of Sahara Toast master’s Club, 2006-2007
Designed a game software for the college which sold for Rs.22,000
Good ASP.NET Web Developer
Only Third Year Student to get selected in the elite 5-member Technical Committee of the College Technical Festival, Engineer
Comfortable with working on the Cisco Packet Tracer

Technical Skills:

Web Technologies ASP.NET, ADO.NET, HTML, XML ,CSS, JavaScript ,CGI
Programming languages C#, C ,C++, Ruby
Databases MS-SQL Server 2005, 2008, MySQL, Toad
Operating Systems Windows XP, Windows 7, Linux
Development Platforms Visual Studio 2005/2008/2010, Windows Phone 7, Android , Eclipse, Rhodes
Hardware Exposure Integration with GSM Modem, API, System Integration

Project Experience:

1. Web based Stock Trading application (MOCK-STOCK) for the ROTARACT Club, NITK

Tools used: ASP.NET, C#, MSSQL
Team size: 1
Duration: 2 weeks
Role: Requirement Analysis, Development, Coding, Installation and Training
Description: The software was used by the students as part of the mock-trading competition conducted by ROTRAC club in NITK. Over 400 students participated in the program which was conducted for a period of 10 days.

The Software includes tools to select the winner and used to monitor the transactions throughout.

2. Social Networking web site - MeetUp

Tools used: ASP.NET, C#, MSSQL
Team size: 1
Duration: 6 weeks
Role: Requirement Analysis, Development, Coding, Installation and Training
Description: A Social networking site inspired by Face book for the college Intranet with features for creating friends, friend classifications, albums, upload features, birthday reminder, online diary, etc. The details were sent to Facebook team and got acknowledged for the development.

Got a letter of recognition from Facebook Corporation for this project

3. Web based application for MATLAB competition for ENGINEER 2010, NITK

Tools used: ASP.NET, C#, MSSQL
Team size: 1
Duration: 2 weeks

Description: The requirement was to create a dynamic page where users could post their answers as “.m” files. This had to be connected to a MATLAB server where the answers would be processed and the winner would be decided.

4. Socket programming and chat program

Tools used: C#
Team size: 1
Duration: 3 weeks
Role: Requirement Analysis, Development, Coding, and Installation

5. GSM Modem based communication application

Tools used: C#, MSSQL, VS2005
Team size: 1
Duration: 3 weeks
Description: Developed a Windows Desktop application to interface WAVECOM GSM Modem through RS232 interface using Application Programming Interface (API). A client application is also developed which can be installed in any desktop PC to easily initiate SMS message through this gateway application.
This development work was carried out as part of an internship in Electronia, an ICT company during Semester 5 holidays.

Areas of interest:

• Android and Windows Phone 7 based mobile application development
• Web based Application development using ASP.NET, C#, SQL
• Development of hardware/software integrated applications
• Windows Communication Foundation (WCF) and distributed applications
• AJAX

Ongoing Projects:

• Mobile Application for Technical Festival of NITK, being developed on a Cross-Development platform called Rhodes using Ruby programming language. The application can be ported to different mobile platforms such as Android, Windows Phone, IPhone, BlackBerry and Symbian.
• Image Fusion using Wavelet analysis (on MATLAB)
• E-commerce related Web site using ASP.NET and WCF
• VoIP implementation and study of secure communications

UG Courses to be completed by the end of this semester:

Information Technology
• Object Oriented Programming
• Data Structure and Algorithms
• Object Oriented Systems
• Compiler Design
• Computer Organization and Architecture
• Internet Technologies and Applications

Extracurricular Activities:

• Member of the elite 5 member Technical committee for organizing the annual ENGINEER festival in NITK.
• Active participation in ROTARACT, Web Club and various other Clubs in college

Achievements:

• Youth President of Sahara Toast master’s Club, 2006-2007
• Won prizes in elocutions, debates and master of ceremony in school events, etc.
• School Topper in Class IX and Gold Honor winner for Class X and X11
• Microsoft Student Partner 2010-2011

Other Training:

• Diploma in C Programming course conducted by JITS
• Training on PC and Laptop Hardware, Computer Networking
• Completed Microsoft curriculum training in ASP.NET and Web application development
• Completed Cisco Certified Network Associate (CCNA ICND1)

Hobbies:
• Playing Cricket, Tennis
• Member of the School cricket team during 2005-2007.

Personal Information:

Name Aftab Hassan
Date Of Birth 28-07-1990
Languages Known English, Hindi, Malayalam, Tamil, French
Father’s Name Mr. Najeeb Abdul Majeed
Current Address Mega Hostel Block, NITK Surathkal, Srinivasnagar, Mangalore, Karnataka, 575 025.
Permanent Address 4G, Saraswathy Nilayam, Kowdiar, Thiruvanthapuram, Kerala, 695 041

Contact this candidate