J. Carlos Leon-Barth
***** ********* ***** ******: ab63df@r.postjobfree.com Phone: 407-***-****
Orlando, FL 32826 Email2: ab63df@r.postjobfree.com Mobile: 407-***-****

A Systems Engineer / Research Scientist with active security clearance seeking full-time
SUMMARY:
permanent position. Demonstrated ability to research, design, create, teach and present novel solutions for
complex problems in areas of aircraft simulation and training. Envisions profitable solutions through research,
leadership and teamwork, adapts to change and adds value quickly.

Ph.D., Computer Engineering
EDUCATION: 2010
University of Central Florida Orlando, FL
M.S., Computer Engineering 1998
University of Central Florida Orlando, FL
B.S., Electrical Engineering 1993
University of Florida Gainesville, FL

Systems Engineer Sr. II / Research Scientist / Analyst 2009-Present
EMPLOYMENT:
L3 Communications - LINK Simulation and Training IRAD. Orlando, FL

Provided systems design and knowledge engineering for simulator immersive
autonomous training within a UH-60 helicopter aircraft simulator. Real-time HUD-
Simulator virtual lessons displace the instructor and achieve traini ng in 1/3 of the
time. Applied artificial intelligence, speech recognition/synthesis, ISD, biometrics
and multimodal interfaces in the creation of instructor/student models that
provide inference and feedback through live data monitoring using a CxBR
approach. Provided logic and stochastic models that monitor the training and the
interaction with the man-machine interfaces.

Leveraged UH-60 immersive artificial intelligence prototype technologies for fixed
wing aircraft: Managed, designed, supervised and delivered in a month and
immersive training prototypes for T1A aircraft. Provided knowledge engineering
and transfer to rules for an F-16 simulator prototype that defines schoolhouse
training and future product lines. Designed and delivered a real -time
performance assessment module for the F-16 prototype extracting real-time
information from rules execution.

Researched and designed prototypes that leverage Intelligent Tutor
Technologies to monitor training and through a virtualized 3D maintenance
trainer. Gray Eagle UAV Maintenance Trainer Simulator, prototype leverages
internal technologies used in demonstration that influenced a positive contract
award decision.

Leveraged GOTS and COTS technologies to virtually replace internal and
external ASOC positions by intelligent agents for Wright-Patterson Air Force
Base cooperative research. Joint Theater Air to Ground Simulation System
(JTAGSS) Air Space Operations Center (ASOC) simulation trainer. Provided ICD
design for all hardware/software subcontracted interfaces. Typical applications
interfaces include SWIC, JADOCS, TACP-CASS, MACE (SAF), and a custom
IOS.

Performed as a technical liaison between executive, R&D director and
engineering teams scouting technology, presenting metrics and trends
information regarding future technologies. Leveraged IRAD technologies and
provided support and updates to executive and business development teams
about future technology. Able to disseminate complex technologies and provide
information at a glance.
J. Carlos Leon-Barth

Designed and Architected R & D projects. Created innovative solutions from
concept to prototype that leverage discriminatin g technologies applied to military
aircraft simulation and training. Provided knowledge engineering,
requirements/design, technical documentation, information/data analysis, ICDs,
testing procedures, usability interface design, user interface heuristic
evaluations, and process optimization for all aspects of the project. Served as a
SME in technology evaluations.

Managed technical and artistic resources, developed project work plans,
conducted technical review meetings, managed stakeholder issues, and
delivered technical presentations.

Analyzed the stochastic performance assessment module using Bayes Inference
models, used in L3’s Maritime Liquid Cargo simulator. Provided analysis and
methods for use in other training products.

Created roadmaps for the development of self-paced training scenarios.
Provided engineering storyboards, knowledge diagrams that describe the
courseware flow considering ISD, trainee’s KSA and SME training style and feel
for the aircraft. Provided with quality assurance for prototype. Coordinated the
development, graphic design and courseware rendering teams. Worked with ISD
director in ISD process and MMI modifications to address immersive variable
training environments.

Analyzed a C-17 School House for process flow optimization. Scheduling and
process optimization research. Analysis in content optimization & creation that
results in changes to LINK visual database storage procedures, optimizing cloud
storage.

Studied C-17 refueling for immersive technologies integration, to train pilots on
simulator refueling tasks. Designed and provided training storyboards for
intelligent training sequences and speech text interactions.

Studied brain activity and eye scanning, using Enotiv headset in search of
patterns to detect pilot state. Eye Tracker provided data regarding eye scanning
patterns in HUD.

Provided architecture and project support for Blue Box HD (BBHD): prototype
simulator that leverages avatar, speech recognition and synthesis within a
proprietary UAV simulator to research pilot stress while exposed to diverse
stimuli. Wright-Patterson Air force Base cooperative study.

PhD, Work – Researcher & Visiting Lecturer, University of Central Florida 2003-2009
Phoneme-Based Video Indexing Using Phonetic Disparity Search: Use of speech Orlando, FL
recognition and synthesis to index videos for cloud storage. Further optimized
search video search algorithms.

NSF funded LIFELIKE National Science Foundation (NSF) project: “Towards
Lifelike Computer Interfaces that Learn”. Immortalization of Dr. Alex
Schwarzkopf as an intelligent avatar.

Ph.D. Research – PEOSTRI: Army Future Combat Systems (FCS) bandwidth
optimization study based on an Omnet++ simulation. Applied research for
RDECOM/SAIC/BOEING for SOSCO communications simulator, & MITRE
COMPOSER communications effects simulator.
J. Carlos Leon-Barth

Consultant, Freelance and applied research. SBIR capture. 2002-2003
Neoteric Research Orlando, FL

I/T Specialist, IBM Global Services 1998-2001
IBM Corporation Orlando, FL
Eastern United States computer software and hardware consultant, On-site
project optimization, support and development. Liaison between executive and
engineering teams throughout different time zones. Integrated e-commerce
solutions using IBM Websphere (AIX & NT) / DB2, XML, J2EE (JAVA) and JSP
technologies on live customer environments. Team projects include E -
Commerce, Electronic Bill Presentment and Payment Applications (EBPP) and
Internet Service Support Software. Refer to project for a list.

Software Engineer, Sawtek Inc. 1997-1998
Process management and hardware/software implementation for Sound Acoustic Apopka, FL
W ave -Semiconductor Corporation.

SEI Software Architecture Principles and Practices. IBM Project Management for
TRAINING:
IT/IS Projects. IBM Object Oriented Programming with Java, IBM Visual Age for
Java. IBM Websphere Application Server Development and Studio. IBM
W ebsphere Commerce Suite Store Programm ing. IBM WCS Store Design, IBM
Programming Java Beans with WAS. Bluegill Smart Express for Electronic Bill
Processing. Websphere Catalog Manager Task Force Member.

L3 Communications Excellence Award 2011 & 2012, Award IBM Corp,
AWARDS and
Regional Managers Award for excellence in project leadership and customer
PUBLICATIONS:
satisfaction. Award University of Central Florida, Computer Engineering Best
Teacher Award for three consecutive years.
UCF Periodicals, Forced-Miss Data Referencing Methods for Benchmarking
Multiprocessor Memory Hierarchies (1998). SAWMAS, Bandwidth Optimizations
for Integrated Tactical and Training Networks (2004). MSIAC, Communication
Modeling of Training and Simulation Traffic in a Tactical Internet (2006). I/ITSEC
Towards Interactive Training with an Avatar-based Human-Computer Interface
(2008), MSIAC, Network Communication Effects Simulator Evaluation Scenarios
for JTRS and WIN-T. UCF Periodicals, Phoneme-Based Video Indexing Using
Phonetic Disparity Search (2010)

W right-Patterson AFB ASOC/JTAGSS, UH-60 HUD, ALTUS AFB C-17, Liquid
PROJECT
Cargo Handling Performance Assessment Study (2013), ISD process
EXPERIENCE:
optimization, F-16 Schoolhouse simulation prototype, Blue Box HD, T1A left
engine fire trainer. UPS.COM (MD), DC Government (DC), Capital One (OH),
Gateway (SD), Gerald Stevens (FL), Eckerd (FL), LillianVernon.COM (NY), IBM
NOC (NY), Oracle (FL), Billserv.com (TX), BIC IBM (GA), Watson Research
Center IBM (NY).
Contact this candidate