Marianne Pons, Ph.D.
**** ****** *** ***** - *****, Haw River, North Carolina
● 786-***-**** (cell) ● ab9sh4@r.postjobfree.com

Summary: Rigorously attentive to high standards senior scientist with
hands-on experience in validation, research project management, team
leadership and teaching with superior mentoring, organizational, written
and oral communication skills seeking a position of responsibility
as a senior scientist, a project manager, or lab supervisor.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Validation experience

DNA:SI Labs, Burlington, NC
Research and Validation Specialist, March 2012 – June 2013.

As part of a team of forensic DNA analysts and reporting to the Technical Leader in an
accredited laboratory following the FBIs Quality Assurance Standards:

● Responsible for independently validating, verifying and performance checking
complex and advanced analytical instruments and softwares performing benchwork in a
laboratory setting.
● Responsible for compiling data into complex reports for review and approval by the
Technical Leader.
● In charge of validating a new LIMS system.
● In charge of training staff to any new instrumentation.
● Composed, revised and updated standard operating procedures and maintenance
documentation.

Research experience

University of Miami, Miller School of Medicine,
Bascom Palmer Eye Institute, Miami, FL
Associate Scientist, July 2008 – February 2012.
Research interest: Pathophysiology of Age-Related Macular Degeneration.

University of Miami, Miller School of Medicine, Department of Surgery, Miami, FL
Assistant Scientist, July 2004 –July 2008.
Research interest: Role of Growth Differentiation Factor-11 in Kidney Structure, Disease and
Function.

University of Miami, Miller School of Medicine, Department of Medicine, Miami, FL
Post- Doctoral Associate, January 2002 – July 2004.
Research interest: Genetic Susceptibility to Diabetic Glomerulosclerosis.
University of Laval, Research Center on Infectious Diseases, Quebec – Canada.
Post- Doctoral Associate, October 1997 – October1998.
Research interest: Circadian Variations of Cyclosporin A-induced Renal Damage.

As a Scientist in Academic Research Laboratories :

●Responsible for conceptualizing, developing and conducting independent
research within the goal and framework of the department in order to obtain funding
from national agencies such as NIH and others.
● Proposed new experimental designs and conducted probing experiments.
● Collected data.
● Evaluated, interpreted and made sound decision in regard to scientific results
obtained.
● In charge of documenting practices, managing data and record keeping.
● Searched scientific literature to gain general and specific information.
● Presented research findings at national and international meetings.
● Participated in journal club meetings, attended weekly seminars and lectures.
● Mentored, trained, supervised and guided undergraduate students and laboratory
personnel.
●Communicated and interacted with staff at all levels in a team-based environment.
● Supervised laboratory operations.
● Composed grant proposals and protocols .
● Wrote and published scientific papers in peer-reviewed journals.

Teaching and Management Experience

University of Bordeaux 1, Agen – France.
Biology and Biochemistry Instructor, September 1999 – December 2001.

As a Teacher, Instructor and Co-Manager of a Master's Degree:

●Taught biology and biochemistry to Master’s Degree students.
● Co-Managed a Master’s Degree program in Science and Technology on Agro-
Food Processing:
Provided a welcoming and supportive environment for students and
faculty.
Helped coordinate internships.
Helped recruit teachers.
Communicated with teachers to plan, organize, coordinate schedule of
classes and tests.
Discussed with teachers course design, training material and content of
classes.
Helped organize and coordinate field trips.
Managed technical and administrative staff, supervised master’s degree
students.
Developed on-going mentor relationship with students.
Established communication channels with students.
Acted as a role model in terms of behavior in the classroom, socially,
academically.
Met individually with students as needed.

Horse Trainer Learning Center, Villereal – France.
Educator, September 2001 – January 2002.

● Taught various courses in a special education Certified Equine Specialist
Program that offers extensive practical training combined with formal classroom
education for students with special needs aged 16 to 25. The students attending
the center experienced personal difficulties as well as difficulties with authority and
discipline that would translate into hostility, severe, persistent and impulsive
behavioral disorders that required intensive support. These students also had
difficulties in basic areas of learning regular classes.
Taught biology, biochemistry, history and geography.
Worked with emotionally challenged students in a total inclusion program.
Developed lesson plans on a wide range of topics and varying levels of
academic ability.
Helped improve grades, tests scores, attendance, attitudes and behavior, learn
productive study skills, build self-confidence and reach full potential by offering
positive reinforcement and reassurance, encouragement, listening, establishing
communication channels, celebrating accomplishment and success, creating
nurturing and positive relationships with students.

Miscellaneous Work Experience

● Homework help for children in elementary school
● Private academic tutoring in biology for high school and college students.

EDUCATION
● Ph.D. in Biological Sciences - University of Bordeaux 2 (France) and University of
Heidelberg (Germany), 1997.

● M.S. in Physiology and Endocrinology - University of Bordeaux 1 (France), 1991.

● B.S. in Cell Biology and Physiology - University of Bordeaux 2 (France), 1991.

SKILLS

Interpersonal

● Strong problem solving aptitude to address issues.
● Ability to take responsibility for all aspects of job assignment.
● Ability to multitask and work on multiple projects simultaneously.
● Ability to organize and prioritize tasks and ideas in a logical fashion.
● Ability to write clearly and concisely at all levels.
● Proven ability to cultivate productive relationships with staff at all levels in a team-
based environment.
● Strong communication skills.
● Superb skills in training, supervising and guiding undergraduate students and
laboratory personnel.
● Ability to supervise laboratory operations.
● Excellent documentation practices, data management and record-keeping skills.

Technical

● Cell culture (primary and immortalized cell lines)
● DNA and RNA extraction and processing from cells and tissues
● Standard and real-time PCR
● Protein extraction and quantitation
● siRNA and plasmid transfection
● ELISA, Western blotting, zymography
● Immunohistochemistry, immunocytochemistry, histology
● TUNEL assay, measurement of caspase activity
● Surgery on mice and rats (cardiac puncture, kidney perfusion, vascular
catheterization, organ collection)
● Blood pressure measurement in mice and rats
● Microdissection of kidney tubules and glomeruli
● Breeding and maintenance of a mice colony (knock-out, Esr1Cre and Mx1Cre
transgenic mice), genotyping

Instruments

● BioRad iCycler, ABI 7500 and 7000 and Rotor-Gene Q Real-Time PCR Quantitation
Systems
● Qiagility automated liquid handling robot
● Qiasymphony and EZ1 DNA extraction robots
● Capillary Electropheresis Genetic Analyzers 3130xl and 3130
● AB9700 Thermal Cyclers

Computer

Computer statistical analysis applied to biological data
Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Prism, Outlook
LIMS, GeneMapper ID-X v1.4, GeneMapper V3.2.1

LANGUAGES
● English and French: fluent
● Spanish: conversational
PROFESSIONAL AFFILIATIONS

● National Kidney Foundation (August 2004 – August 2005)
● The Association for Research in Vision and Ophthalmology (July 2008 – May 2013)

TRAINING, SEMINARS and WORKSHOPS

● DNA Mixture Interpretation Theories - Bruce J. Heidebrecht (April 17-18, 2012
provided by DNA:SI Labs)

HONORS AND AWARDS

● Lavoisier Fellowship from French State Government (1997-1998)
● Student Travel Grant, Seventh International Congress in Chronopharmacology and
Chronotherapeutics, Heidelberg (Germany) (1996)
● Investigator Award, World Congress on Chronobiology, Ferrara (Italy) (1995).

BIBLIOGRAPHY (list available upon request)
17 peer-reviewed publications

2 book chapters

22 presentations at scientific meetings
Contact this candidate