Ahmad Abu Obaid
** ********** *****, ***#*
Newark, DE 19713
Phone: 302-***-****
E-mail: absx56@r.postjobfree.com
absx56@r.postjobfree.com

CAREER SUMMARY
Since 2000 I have been working as full time researcher at Center for Composite Materials (CCM) of the
University of Delaware (UD). My work focuses on fundamental and applied research in the field of
composites and nanomaterials. Overall, I have more than twelve years of experience in fundamental
and applied research in the field of polymeric composites as well as training and supervising students
from different engineering backgrounds. I have also worked at Hanwha L&C as product development
leader for one year. My responsibility focused on development of new composite materials for high
strain rate automotive applications. I have 26 research papers in various international journals and
conferences.

EDUCATION
Ph.D, Materials Science Engineering Technische Universität Berlin, Germany 1998
M.Sc, Physics University of Jordan, Jordan 1991
B.Sc, Physics/Mathematics Yarmouk University, Jordan 1987

WORK EXPERIENCE
University of Delaware, (2000 – present), Centre for Composite Materials (CCM), Newark, USA
Major responsibilities assigned for my position at CCM

Perform applied and interdisciplinary research in the area of synthetic fibers and composites
Participated in teaching graduate level class on experimental mechanics offered by materials
science department.
Develop model concepts and approaches as an individual researcher
Write reports on the work performed for publication as technical reports, journal papers and
publications for local, national, or international conferences.
Maintain a broad knowledge of state-of-the-art science, technology and equipment, and/or
systems.
Training and supervising undergrads from different departments and engineers from industry
and
Serve as project leader on different research projects

Hanwha L&C Company, (10/1/2011-6/1/2012),
I worked at Hanwha L&C as Product Development Leader and my work was focused to develop new
composite materials for automotive applications. These materials should be light and have good impact
resistance performance.

PROFESSIONAL SKILLS & ACCOMPLISHMENTS

Tailoring interfacial properties in metal joints and in composites
Material characterization, using SEM, TGA, DTA, TMA, DSC and FTIR.
X-ray wide angle diffraction characterization of micro-structural properties
Development of in-situ experimental techniques for gross and interphase mechanical properties
Mechanical testing of fibers and composites
Processing of thermoplastic and thermoset polymer composites
Selected types of accomplished research and development work
Tailoring interphase properties for glass fiber/epoxy applying different types of coupling agents-
project sponsored by USA government
Investigated the titanium /epoxy adhesion (surface treatment, durability)-Project was sponsored
by BAE SYSTEMS
Investigating the effects of 2D and 3D-weaving on mechanical properties of different types of
textile fibers-sponsored by 3Tex Company and Owens Corning
Investigated the Hydrolysis of synthetic fibers- project sponsored USA Army.
Developed multifunctional composites for antenna applications- sponsored by ONR

Investigated the thermo-mechanical behavior of solder joints of electronic chips-Project
sponsored by DuPont Company
Developed a robust technique for measurements of crack propagation in composites -Joint
project with Material Sensing & Instrumentation, Company.
Developed aerogel-based Glass fiber composites for extreme hot/noise conditions -Joint project
with Advanced Ceramics Research Company. Project was funded under SBIR programs

Weitzman Institute, 1998 – 2000, Materials Science Department, Post Doctoral Fellow, Rohovot,
Design of an impact machine for dynamic single fiber fragmentation tests
Investigation of interfacial properties of glass fiber/epoxy composite

Technische Universität Berlin, 1994-1997, Researcher, Berlin-Germany
Conducting research in material science focusing on investigation of thermo-mechanical properties,
chemical and hydrolysis resistance for advanced copolyaramid fibers (TREVAR)
Manufacturing of polymeric composites using impregnation via a powder technique

TEACHING EXPERIENCE

Technische Universität Berlin, 1994-1997, Undergraduate Assistant,Polymer Physics Department, Berlin/Germany
Supervised students on research in composites

University of Jordan, 1990-1991, Instructor
Department of Physics, Amman-Jordan
Taught laboratory courses in mechanics and electromagnetism.

AL-Khawarizmi College, 1989-1990, Full-time lecturer, Amman-Jordan
Taught courses of physics, thermodynamics, mechanics, and calculus.

Yarmouk University, 1987-1990, Instructor,
Department of Physics, Irbid-Jordan
Taught laboratory courses of mechanics, optics and electricity.

PATENTS

Co-author on a patent entitled “Sandwich Composites Materials “, U. S. Provisional Application No.
60/729, 732, filed on 10/25/2005.
AWARDS

DAAD Scholarship award for obtaining a PhD at the Technical University of Berlin /Germany
Director’s Award -2007 for CCM due to my outstanding research contributions.
CCM-Scholarship Award-2008 due to my high quality publications and productivity.
CCM-Scholarship Award-2010 due to my high quality publications and productivity

CITIZENSHIP: USA Citizen
LANGUAGES: English, Arabic and German
REFERENCES: Available upon request

JOURNAL PUBLICATIONS

A. Abu Obaid, S. Sharma, D. Heider and S. Yarlgadda “A Time-Domain Reflectometry
Method for Automated Measurement of Crack Propagation in Composites during Mode I
DCB Testing under Cold, Hot and Hot/Wet Conditions”, submitted to Journal of Composite
Materials (under review process)
Campanella, M. Bah, S. Fita, A. Abu Obaid, R. P. Wool, “ Composites from Northern Red
Oak (Quercus Robur) Leaves and Plant Oil-Based Resins”, Accepted for publication in the
Journal of Applied Polymer Science (2011)
A. Abu Obaid, J. M. Deitzel, J. W. Gillespie Jr. and J.Q. Zheng, “The Effects of
Environmental Conditioning on Tensile Properties of High Performance Aramid Fibers at
Near-Ambient Temperatures”, Journal of Composite Materials, 45 (11), pp. 1217-1231
(2011).
Gaurav Nilakantan, A. Abu Obaid, and J. W. Gillespie Jr. Experimental Evaluation and
Statistical Characterization of Strength Distribution of Kevlar Yarns: Accounting for Length
Scale and Weaving Effects” submitted to Journal of Composite Materials (accepted for
publication)(2010)
A. Abu Obaid and S. Yarlagadda, “Structural Performance of the Glass Fiber-Vinyl Ester
Composites with Interlaminar Copper Inserts”, Composites Part A, 39, 195-203, (2008).
A. Abu Obaid, A. Gocke, S. Yarlagadda and S. Advani,” Enhancement of adhesion
between copper and vinyl ester in glass fiber-vinyl ester composites”, Composites
Interfaces, 14, 2, 99-116 (2007).
Abu Obaid, S. Yarlagadda, M. K. Yoon, N. E. Hager III, and R. C. Domszy,” Time-Domain
Reflectometry Method for Automated Measurement of Crack Propagation in Composites
during Mode I DCB Testing, Journal of Composite Material, 40, 22, 2047-2066, (2006).
Jeffrey M. Lawrence, Pierre Frey, Ahmad Abu Obaid, Shridhar Yarlagadda and Suresh G.
Advani, “Simulation and Validation of Resin Flow during Manufacturing of Composite Panels
Containing Embedded Impermeable Inserts with the VARTM Process”, Polymer
Composites, 28,4, PP. 442-450 (2007).
V. Neacsu, A. Abu Obaid, and S. Advani, ""Spontaneous Radial Capillary Impregnation
Across a Bank of Aligned Micro-Cylinders - Part I: Theory and Model Development", Journal
of Multiphase Flow, 32, 677-691 (2006).
V. Neacsu, A. Abu Obaid, and S. Advani, "Spontaneous Radial Capillary Impregnation
Across a Bank of Aligned Micro-Cylinders - Part II: Experimental Investigations", Journal of
Multiphase Flow, 32, 661-676 (2006).
A. Abu Obaid, J. G. Sloan, M. A. Lamontia, A. Paesano, S. Khan, and J. W. Gillespie, “Test
Method Development to Quantify the In-Situ Elastic, Plastic, and Creep Behavior of 62%Sn-
36%Pb-2%Ag Solder Ball Arrays in Commercial Area Array Packages at –40 C, 23 C, and
125 C," Journal of Electronic Packaging, 127 (4), pp. 1-10 (2005).
A. Abu Obaid, J. G. Sloan, M. A. Lamontia, A. Paesano, S. Khan, and J. W. Gillespie,
“Experimental In-Situ Characterization and Modeling of Creep Properties of Tin-Based
Solder Joints on Commercial Area Array Packages at -40 C, 23 C, and 125 C," Journal of
Electronic Packaging, 127 (4), pp. 11-23 (2005).
M. E. Foley, A. Abu Obaid, X. Huang, M. Tanoglu, T. A. Bogetti, S. H. McKnight and J. W.
Gillespie, Jr., “Fiber/Matrix Interphase Characterization using the Dynamic Interphase
Loading Apparatus," Composites Part A, 33 (10), pp. 1345-1348 (2002).
H. Springer, A. Abu Obaid, A. B. Prabawa, and G. Hinrichsen “Influence of Hydrolytic and
Chemical Treatment on the Mechanical Properties of Aramid and Copolyaramid Fibers,"
Textile Research Journal. 68 (8), pp. 588-594 (1998).
M. Hindeleh and A. Abu Obaid, "X-Ray Diffraction and TGA Studies on Annealed PPT
Twaron Fibers and Powder," Acta Polymer. 47, pp. 55 (1996).

CONFERENCE PAPERS

A. Abu Obaid, G. Pandey, D. Heider E.T. Thostenson M.J Deluca and C. J Felker,
Characterization of the mechanical and electrical properties of carbon nanotubes yarns”,
submitted to SAMPE 2013-Long Beach
A. Abu Obaid, J. M. Deitzel, J. W. Gillespie Jr. and J.Q. Zheng,”The Effects of
Environmental Conditioning on High Performance Aramid Fibers”, Proceedings of the
American Society forComposites Twenty-fourth Technical Conference, University of
Delaware, Newark, September 2009.
A. Abu Obaid, S. Yarlagadda, T. Katayama and M. Kubota, “Impact and Hydrolysis
Resistance Behavior of Polyarylate LCP Vectran™ Fiber", SAMPE International
Symposium, Baltimore, May 2009.
Abu obaid, Andersen, S.M., Gillespie, Jr., J.W., Dickinson, B., Watson, A., Chapman, G.,
and Coffelt, R.A. "Effects of 3D weaving on Tensile Strength Retention of Z-Tows". 2nd World
Conference on 3D Fabrics, Greenville, NC, USA, April 7, 2009.
A. Abu obaid, Andersen, S.M., Gillespie, Jr., J.W., Dickinson, B., Watson, A., Chapman,
G., and Coffelt, R.A. "Effects of weaving on S-2 Glass™ tensile strength distribution".
Proceedings of the 9th International Conference on Textile Composites (TEXCOMP9),
University of Delaware, Newark, DE. (13 – 15 Oct., 2008): 78-87.
A. Abu Obaid, S. A. Andersen and J.W. Gillespie Jr., B. Dickinson, A. Watson, G. Chapman
and R. A. Coffelt, “Effects of weaving on S-2 glass tensile strength distribution”, International
Conference on Composites, University of Delaware, 2008.
A. Abu Obaid, S. Andersen, J. W. Gillespie Jr., Torrey L. Pike, George E. Thomas, Quan
Nguyen and Lee E. Hornberger, “Bond Strength and Durability of Titanium Joints Using TP-
8 Adhesive under different Environmental Conditions", SAMPE International Symposium,
Long Beach, CA, 18-22 May 2008.
O. Plageman, D. Egan and A. Abu Obaid, "Elastomer Toughened Vinyl Esters", SAMPE
Fall Technical Conference and Exhibition, Cincinnati, Ohio, November 1, 2007.
A. Abu Obaid, S. Andersen, J. W. Gillespie Jr., R. Vaidyanathan, and A. Studley,
“Investigation of Thermal and Acoustic Performance of Aerogel-Based Glass Fiber
Composites," SAMPE International Symposium, Long Beach, CA, 1-5 May 2005.
Gocke, A. Abu Obaid, S. Yarlagadda and S. Advani, ”Manufacturing and Structural
Performance of Composites with Interlaminar Inserts using Vacuum Assisted Resin Transfer
Molding," Intelligent Ship Symposium, Villanova University, Villanova / PA, June 2005.
V. Neacsu, A. Abu Obaid, and S. Advani, "Roll of Capillarity in Fiber Tow Impregnation
during Composites Processing, SAMPE International Symposium, Long Beach, CA, 1-5 May
2005.
Gocke, A. Abu Obaid, S. Yarlagadda and S. Advani, “Manufacturing and Structural
Performance of Composites with Interlaminar Inserts using Vacuum Assisted Resin Transfer
Molding," SAMPE International Symposium, Long Beach, CA, 1-5 May 2005.
J. Deitzel, D. Heider, A. Abu Obaid, A. Paesano, A. Chatterjee, J.W. Gillespie, G. Robblee
and V. Brachos and S. Walsh, ”Effect of Reactive and Non-reactive Binders on Preform and
Composite Properties," SAMPE International Symposium, CA, 16-20 May 2004.
S. Yarlagadda, A. Abu Obaid, N. Hager, M. K. Yoon, and R. Domszy, “ An Automated
Technique for Measuring Crack Propagation during Mode I DCB Testing," Material Sensing
and Instrumentation Program X, San Diego, CA, June 2004.
A. Abu Obaid, J. G. Sloan, M. A. Lamontia, A. Paesano, S. Khan, and J. W. Gillespie,
“Experimental In-Situ Characterization and Modeling of Creep Properties of Tin-Based
Solder Joints on Commercial Area Array Packages at -40 C, 23 C, and 125 C," SAMPE
International Symposium, CA, 16-20 May 2004.
A. Abu Obaid, J. G. Sloan, M. A. Lamontia, A. Paesano, S. Khan, and J. W. Gillespie, “Test
Method Development to Quantify the In-Situ Elastic, Plastic, and Creep Behavior of 62%Sn-
36%Pb-2%Ag Solder Ball Arrays in Commercial Area Array Packages at - 40ºC, 23ºC, and
125ºC," SAMPE International Symposium, CA, 16-20 May 2004.
A. Abu Obaid, M. E. Foley, A. Chatterjee, J. M. Deitzel and J. W. Gillespie, “Tailored
Interphase Properties of Glass/Epoxy Composites," SAMPE International Symposium, CA,
16-20 May 2004.
M. E. Foley, A. Abu Obaid, and J. W. Gillespie, "Fiber/Matrix Interphase Characterization
using the Dynamic Interphase Loading Apparatus," 7th International Conference on
Interfacial Phenomena in Composite Materials, France, 11-14 September 2001.
A. Abu Obaid, H. D. W agner, “Static and Dynamic Fragmentation of Glass Fiber Embedded
in Epoxy Matrix," International Phenomena in Composite Materials, Berlin, 7-10 September
1999.
A. Abu Obaid, H. D. Wagner, “Fragmentation of Glass Fiber in Epoxy Matrix: Effect of
Strain Rate," 4th Thematic Network Meeting, Weitzman Institute, March 1999.

RESEARCH INTERESTS

Carbon nanotube based multi-scale composites
Textile-2D and 3D-fabrics (effects of weaving process, mechanical properties)
Advanced fibers (Glass, Kevlar, Zylon, Carbon, UHMW PE)
Polymer coating for metal and advanced fibers (Formulation, Characterization)
Acoustical performance of lightweight materials for general applications
Fiber/Matrix interphase in composites
Multifunctional composites for antenna applications
Sandwich structures for extreme hot/noise applications
Composites (Processing-VARTM, Characterization)
Experimental Mechanics (Fracture, Creep and relaxation)
Contact this candidate