Jeffrey Wang
*** ******* ****** #***, ****** City, NJ 07306 Relocating to Philadelphia, PA
917-***-**** • ac18m1@r.postjobfree.com
Experienced engineer/scientist with more than 5 years of experience in Research and Development. My management experience includes managing two direct report interns on strategic projects to develop products to solve certain long-existing consumer product problems. Experience with complex formulation issues, stability, design of experience and reactive coal tar dyes. Results oriented team leader with excellent problem solving, organizational, and presentation skills who has launched several products, adhering to safety, consumer, and technical requirements.
Core Competencies:
Product Development
Design of Experiment
Research & Development
Visualization Statistical Packages
Full Life Cycle Project Management
Statistics
Formulation
Integration Strategies
Chemical Engineering
Polymers, surfactants, gums, additives

Professional Experience
L’Oreal USA, Clark, NJ
R&D Senior Chemist – Development, Hair Oxidative Color Department, 12/2016 – Present
Drive the planning and execution of development processes to advance products. Steer the design of in-progress consumer testing for new products with a focus on developing technologies and strengthening color lasting capabilities. Devise design of experiment procedures to troubleshoot problems and discover regions of unknown formulation. Administer the training and evaluation of a full-time intern with an emphasis on adhering to organizational standards.
Key Achievements:
Managed two direct report interns with unique projects to develop new technologies to meet need-gaps in industry. For example, managed one direct report to screen 50+ different raw materials that lead to the achievement of stable emulsion that performs vs. benchmark at parity level. Recommendation to senior management for hire was successful.
Managed second full-time intern with project to develop ratios of active agents to optimize hair color effect
Led and coordinated team of 4 scientists for project involving the development of long lasting hair color during stability and Design of Experiment stages.
Analyzed data trends and key performance indicators to identify critical areas for development and growth.
Successfully produced a 50% higher concentration active dye in transparent microemulsion that was previously considered a technical roadblock. Worked with Pilot Plant with 4 process engineers for large-scale process development of transparent microemulsion with new dye raw material and use of preparatory prebase
Led in-progress testing on consumers for new product with active technology that may lead to development of breakthrough technology for color lasting performance.
Organized Design of Experiment (DOE) with 14 lab batches that used DesignLab statistical software to produce 200K simulated data/formulation points that revealed a previously unknown stability in a microemulsion technology. Each RM lever was tested at different interval concentrations up to feasible and safety upper limits
Optimized the high oil blend emulsion to produce stronger stability and suitable viscosity. Introduced fatty alcohol and emulsifier blend to stabilize the emulsion to up 12 weeks at 45C stability testing, beyond normal standard stability of 8 weeks at 45 C
Performed thermodynamic heat release experiment on different levels of various RMs that can contributed to visually significant improvement in color and discovered an optimal ratio of raw materials with safety limitations that is needed to produce only a 2 Cincrease in temperature.
Designed formula composition that has led to the planned launches in three major L’Oreal brands: two in retail, and one in the professional market
Streamlined a region of a stability composition process that eliminated 15 minutes of processing and provided a desired transparent end product.
Performed process studies on cream emulsion technology and produced new 5 kg kettle processes. Accomplished a process for the OLSA kettle that allows for a quick addition of the oil phase to form an emulsion in a more than 50% total oil concentration formula. Process was maintained to be 100% room temperature to be very efficient and cost saving with no side phase kettles needed.
Determined optimal ratio of raw materials to produce a 2 C temperature increase while retaining color parity.
Submitted several U.S. Patents for filling : oil-in-water acrylates co-polymer emulsion, transparent liquid microemulsion with pyrazolopyridine dye, and transparent persulfate bleach product
L’Oreal USA, Clark, NJ
R&D Chemist –Retail, Hair Oxidative Color Department, 6/2012 – 12/2016
Pushed the development of the Soft-Sheen Carson brand portfolio consisting of eight major brands and technologies in addition to the new brands being developed each project cycle.
Counseled senior marketing and development leaders on technical feasibilities during bi-monthly meetings to launch hair color formulas within the Soft-Sheen Carson portfolio.
Launched multiple new shades and product line including an extension of cream SSC retail kits and booster kits as well as 14 new color SKUs with color boosters and direct dyes.
Worked in controlled environment, ensuring that formulas meet their chemical and physical specifications at 25 C such as pH, viscosity, total persulfates, total alkalinity, ammonia content, cloud point, density, etc
L’Oreal USA, Clark, NJ
R&D Internship: Methods and Techniques of Development Department, 5/2011 – 8/2011
Executed a wide range of testing functions to create new formulas for various viscosities and textures.
Key Achievements:
Boosted the effectiveness and efficiency of processes associated with the stability of the ODS gold base using different equipment comparisons: standard Rayneri, acoustic sound mixing, closed loop rotor-stator mixing
Utilized particle size analyzer to produce histograms of oil droplet size distribution and produced guidelines that outlined the predicted end stability at 45 C of the formulas
Johnson & Johnson, Skillman, NJ
Research Technology & Professional Products – Consumer Products Division, 5/2010 – 8/2010
Built proficiencies in research and analysis for products and testing programs.
Key Achievements:
Discovered the optimal ionic charge polymer to improve the performance of a body wash foam. Screened and evaluated carrageenan for its relationship between number of sulfate groups and its effect on sensorial feel
Leveraged model analysis of more than 30 Aveeno and Johnson’s formulas to validate sensory benefits of the formulas with statistical significance.

Technical Proficiencies

AutoCAD, MATLAB, Microsoft Office, Minitab Statistics, SolidWorks, Spotfire Visual package, Particle Size Analyzer, HPLC, GC
Education and Professional Development
Masters of Engineering in Chemical Engineering (2012)
Cornell University, Ithaca, NY
Bachelor of Science in Chemical Engineering (2011)
Cornell University, Ithaca, NY
Certifications & Training
Six Sigma Yellow Belt – Currently Pursuing
NCEES Fundamentals of Engineering (FE) Exam
Contact this candidate