BO LU

** ****** ***** *
Croton on Hudson, NY *0520

ac2gez@r.postjobfree.com 480-***-****

CAREER PROFILE

Research Scientist with Ph.D. in Chemical Engineering and nearly seven years of experience contributing to commercial engineering processes impacting clients including the National Science Foundation and the U.S. Department of Energy.
Track record of implementing processes improvements which achieved cost savings up to 50% while increasing product purity to 99%, with new methods resulting in 30% saving in energy efficiency.
Career history of introducing laboratory methods which optimized material synthesis, membrane preparation and gas separation processes, achieving tenfold increase in gas selectivity which was the highest ever reported.
Industry Credentials: Completed Six-Sigma Green Belt Certification.
Current valid U.S. Permanent Resident status.

CORE COMPETENCIES

Chemical Engineering
Process Improvement
Energy Storage Innovation
Compound Synthesis
Material Characterization
Thin Film Preparation
Gas Separation Processes
Membrane Reactor Design
Product Development

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

BETTERGY CORPORATION Peekskill, NY
Research Scientist June 2014 - Present
Contribute to product development initiatives on behalf of leading clean energy company serving clients including NASA, the U.S. Department of Energy, the National Science Foundation and the Office of Naval Research.
Achieved performance enhancement up to 500% by introducing specialized metal doped zeolite membranes for H2/CO2 and C3H6/C3H8 separation obtaining H2 and C3H6 purity up to 99%.
Designed membrane reactor for CO conversion and hydrogen recovery and monitored process-controlling temperature, pressure and raw material ratio-resulting in 99% conversion efficiency and 30% energy savings.
Introduced new ceramic-polymeric membrane casting process for C3H6/C3H8 separation and achieved 1000% increase in reproducibility and 100% reduction in costs while maintaining 99% C3H6 purity.
Innovated zeolite films on cation exchange membranes (CEM) and led to twentyfold increase in proton selectivity enhancing 100% energy production and provided chemical resistance in severe acidic environment.
Drafted project reports in support of grants and commercial contracts from the U.S. Department of Energy, NASA, National Institutes of Health, National Science Foundation, NYSERDA and the U.S. Navy.
Oversaw multiple commercial projects involving energy storage and gas separation processes, drafting proposals and status reports for submission to Project Manager.

ARIZONA STATE UNIVERSITY - School of Engineering Tempe, AZ
Research Assistant - Membrane & Energy Laboratory Nov. 2008 - June 2014
Contributed to three major research initiatives on behalf of Matter, Transport and Energy laboratory receiving funding and support from the National Science Foundation and U.S. Department of Energy.
Worked to improve purity of collected gas for energy storage and chemicals production while achieving no additional steps or cost expenditures, with benefiting gas, clean energy and manufacturing sectors.
Fabricated colloidal particles (<50 nm) and derived mesoporous membranes for filtration and clean energy.
Oversaw preparation of ionic-conducting ceramic powders using citric acid and solid state solution methods.
Developed ceramic-carbonate dual-phase membranes for high temperature carbon dioxide separation and designed membrane reactor to simulate industrial CO2 capture and CO conversion processes.
Gained proficiency in technical-characterization methods such as XRD, SEM/EDS, TGA-DSC, UV and Gas Chromatography.
Provided mentoring for graduate student, working to ensure optimal lab safety and equipment security at all times.

EDUCATION

ARIZONA STATE UNIVERSITY Tempe, AZ
Ph.D. Degree - Chemical Engineering Apr. 2014
Coursework in Applied Thermodynamics, Convective Mass Transfer and Advanced Process Control.
Academic emphasis: Membrane Synthesis, Gas Separation and Reactor Design. 3.81 GPA

TIANJIN UNIVERSITY Tianjin, China
B.Sc. Degree - Bioengineering June 2008

BO LU

18 Scenic Drive B
Croton on Hudson, NY 10520

ac2gez@r.postjobfree.com 480-***-****

ADDITIONAL EXPERIENCE

TIANJIN UNIVERSITY Tianjin, China
Chemical Reactor Design Assistant Feb. 2008 - May 2008
Worked with research team to develop distillation tower for separation process of hydrocarbon mixture.
Contributed to design of bioreactor facilitating protein production and alcohol production by fermentation.
Circuit Design/Process Control Trainee Sept. 2007 - Dec. 2007
Designed engineering circuit to simulate operation of chemical reactors, using AutoCAD to create engineering drawings.

AWARDS & AFFILIATIONS

Recipient of Award for Research Innovation - North American Membrane Society, June 2013
Awarded Conference Travel Support for Gordon Research Conference - Arizona State University, July 2010
Ranked in the Top 5%, receiving Dean’s Academic Scholarship - Tianjin University, Oct. 2006
Current Member of North American Membrane Society, Sept. 2010 - Present

ACADEMIC PUBLICATIONS

Bo Lu, Y.S. Lin, “Sol–gel synthesis and characterization of mesoporous yttria-stabilized zirconia membranes with graded pore structure”, J. Mater. Sci., 46-201*-****-****.
Bo Lu, Y.S. Lin, “Synthesis and characterization of thin ceramic-carbonate dual-phase membranes for carbon dioxide separation”, J. Membr. Sci., 444 (2013) 402-411.
Bo Lu, Y.S. Lin, “Asymmetric thin samarium doped cerium oxide-carbonate dual-phase membrane for carbon dioxide separation”, Ind. Eng. Chem. Res., 53 (2014) 13459 - 13466.
T. T. Norton, Bo Lu, Y.S. Lin, “Carbon Dioxide Permeation Properties and Stability of Samarium Doped Ceria-Carbonate Dual-Phase Membrane”, J. Membr. Sci. 467 (2014) 244-252.

PRESENTATIONS

Bo Lu (Speaker), Y.S. Lin, Presentation, “Synthesis and Characterization of Thin Samarium doped Ceria-Carbonate Dual-Phase Membranes for High Temperature Carbon Dioxide Separation”, North American Membrane Society Conference, 2013.
Bo Lu (Speaker), M. Anderson, Y.S. Lin, Presentation, “Synthesis and Characterization of Yttria-Stabilized-Zirconia Derived Supports for Carbonate-Ceramic Dual-phase Membrane”, North American Membrane Society Conference, 2011.
Bo Lu (Presenter), M. Anderson, Y.S. Lin, Poster Session, “Synthesis and Characterization of Yttria-Stabilized-Zirconia Derived Supports for Carbonate-Ceramic Dual-Phase Membrane”, Gordon Research Conference, 2010.

LANGUAGES

Fluently bilingual in English and Mandarin.
Contact this candidate