Education

Jackson State University (Jackson, MS) Aug 2012-May 2014
Master of Science, Chemistry. Physical chemistry concentration with nanotechnology emphasis.
**** ******** ******* ********** **uis Stokes Mississippi Alliance for Minority Participation Fellow (Bridge to Doctorate).

Jackson State University (Jackson, MS) Aug 2008-Apr 2012
Bachelor of Science, Chemistry, with honors. W.E.B. DuBois Honors College
Degree track certification by the American Chemical Society

Summary

Christen Robinson is a vastly creative mind and accomplished researcher within physical and inorganic chemistry, materials science, and engineering. Holding a BSc with Honors, and MSc in Chemistry, Christen specializes in nanotechnology. Christen’s strongest research experiences reside within research and design of cancer diagnostics and therapies (6 years), with additional experience in cryogenic, aerospace, and mechanical engineering (10+ years). Prior experience is held in general research and project design, theorizing, and development, also possessing excellent managerial and communication skills. Christen is efficacious with problem-solving, people management, strategic planning, and conflict-resolution.
A charismatic individual with phenomenal interpersonal communication skills, Christen has conducted presentations and talks in settings such as California, Mississippi, Belize, Florida. In addition to speaking efforts, Christen’s scientific affluency also allowed the held titles as Floor Judge and Special Awards Judge for consecutive years at the high school level for the Mississippi Regional Science Fair and Mississippi State Science Fair. While normally required to hold a PhD in a scientific field in order to judge at the high school level, a special circumstance was made for Christen, being the only upper level fair judge without PhD credentials.
Working within research, education, and clinical areas within local and national government, as well as academia, Christen is comfortable in a multitude of settings with a multitude of people. From UC Santa Barbara to The University of Belize to Kennedy Space Center, breakthroughs have been discovered and new partnerships established. All tasks have been and will continue to be welcomed with the utmost confidence of being completed with excellence and mastery. A strong worker, exceptionally-witted mind, pleasant personality, and charismatic presence, Christen is a well-rounded individual. Ultimately, with educational, professional, and social experience, there is no lack of confidence in Christen’s qualifications, allowing the ability to fit and thrive in any setting.

Professional History

Pharmacy Technician (Medical History), Covenant Healthcare (Saginaw, MI)
September 2017 January 2018
Constantly assures patient health by reconciling medicine information, Assists in life-saving efforts by quickly verifying hospital medication reports for inpatient and outpatient profiles for immediate usage.

Substitute Teacher, PCMI Staffing Solutions WillSub (Saginaw, MI)
October 2016 May 2017
Facilitated order and educational instruction throughout various classrooms. Manage, supervise, and attended to student needs within the classroom at the K-12 level for Saginaw Public Schools

Teacher, Wingfield High School (Jackson, MS)
August 2014 July 2016
Received “The Golden Bow Tie Award of Excellence” (2015) for efforts with changing Next Generation Science Standards (NGSS) nationwide. One of 5 Lead Teachers in the Honors Academy, piloting the Honors Physics and Honors Chemistry sections.

Chemical Analysis Branch Intern, NASA- Kennedy Space Center (Kennedy Space Center, FL)
June 2013 August 2013
As project lead, designed, developed, and assessed data for various non-destructive evaluation methods in cryogenic environments for impact damage. Works were focused for future flight hardware designs, including Orion and space habitats. Project titled: “Characterization of Thermal and Mechanical Impact on Aluminum Honeycomb Structures”
Conducted research and developments testing "green" (non-ozone depleting) cleaning solvents in liquid and supercritical states for flight hardware cleaning with six-man team. Project titled: “Green Solvents Project”

Graduate Research Assistant, Jackson State University (Jackson, MS)
August 2012 May 2014
Developed tunable hybrid graphene oxide and gold nano-scale system for non-harmful cancer detection and cancer therapy using infrared radiation.
Publication: Nellore, Bhanu Priya Viraka, Avijit Pramanik, Suhash Reddy Chavva, Sudarson Sekhar Sinha, Christen Robinson, Zhen Fan, Rajashekhar Kanchanapally et al. Aptamer-conjugated theranostic hybrid graphene oxide with highly selective biosensing and combined therapy capability. Faraday Discussions, Royal Society of Chemistry, 2014, 175, 71-257

MRSEC Research Intern University of California at Santa Barbara (Santa Barbara, CA)
June 2009 August 2009
Researched, designed, and developed systems and methods for hybrid atomic force and scanning probe microscopy. Fabricated etched tips for with single-molecule scanning capabilities. Tips were etched with fuming acid and fuming base baths completing engineering half-cell reactions with steel, tungsten, gold, and silver.

Undergraduate Research Assistant, Jackson State University (Jackson, MS)
September 2008 April 2012
Publication: Paresh C. Ray, Dulal Senapati, Wengton Lu, Santanuu Banjeree, Christen Robinson, Willie Wesley, Sadia Afrin Khan. Colloids: Classification, Properties, and Applications. Nova Publishers, 2012, 3, 59-73
Worked on design of a novel method to synthesize multi-tiered hollow nanoparticles composed of silver and gold. Nanoparticles were used in a variety of studies, including but limited to: cellular absorption rates of nanoprisms using HaCaT skin cells, design of synthesis methods with varying concentrations, and use as a therapeutic cancer treatment and potential cure.

Relevant Experiences

Graduate Teaching Assistant, Jackson State University (Jackson, MS),
August 2013 December 2013
Taught general chemistry lab. Responsible for small lectures, experiments, health, and safety procedures. Also made and administered exams
Undergraduate Teaching Assistant, Jackson State University (Jackson, MS),
August 2011 January 2012
Assisted in test proctoring and tutoring for general chemistry 1 & 2
Interdisciplinary Center for Nanotoxicity Summer Institute Intern Jackson State University (Jackson, MS),
June 2011 July 2011
Developed, designed, and perfected arsenic-removing water purification systems. Used multi-layer coated iron nanoparticles for groundwater cleaning. Also Summer studied computational and quantum chemistry methods for direct use.
Teacher/Mentor Oakland University Literacy Project (Saginaw, MI), June 2010 August 2010
Mentored K-7 students on the scientific method and conducting experiments. Three mentored students competed and placed at county science fair at the elementary and middle schools levels.

Skills

Laboratory-Based Skills: SDS/MSDS sheets, laboratory organization/supervising, stock, wet/dry testing,
diagnostics/characterization, spectroscopy, lasers, fluidization, absorption, microscopy (scanning electron,
tunneling electron), UV/Visible Spectrophotometer, QCM (quartz crystal microbalance), Raman spectroscopy
(SERS, TERS), process design, equipment design, dimensioning, sketching, blueprint reading, Autodesk Inventor.

Engineering Skills: Milling (linear, CNC), lathing (metal, wood), metrology and scanning (MicroVu, blue-light
scanner, white-light scanner), sawing (circular, cut-off, horizontal + vertical band, hand), drills, sanders, shop
machinery, dimensioning, sketching, blueprint reading.

Administrative Skills: People Management, technical directing/development, strategic planning,
teaching/instruction, curriculum/development, advisement, team/people development, interpersonal
communication, public speaking.

Selected Oral and Poster Presentations

“Problems and Solutions Facing Teacher w/ the Next Generation Science Standards"
March 12-15, 2015. National Science Teachers Association Conference. Chicago, IL.

“Synthesis and Development of Aptamer-Conjugated Multifunctional Graphene Oxide for Targeted Detection
and Therapy of Cancer Cells”
March 3, 2014. Jackson State University, Jackson, MS.

“Characterization of Thermal and Mechanical Impact on Aluminum Honeycomb Structures”
August 1, 2013. Kennedy Space Center. Kennedy Space Center, FL.

“Botannical Cancer Therapy: A Brief Overview”
May 23, 2013. University of Belize, Belmopan, BZ

“Popcorn-Shaped Magnetic-Core Plasmonic-Shell-Infused Graphene for the Targeted Magnetic Separation and
Enrichment, Drug Delivery, and Photothermal Destruction of Multidrug-Resistant Bacteria”
April 19, 2013. Hinds Community College. Jackson, MS.

“Popcorn-Shaped Magnetic-Core Plasmonic-Shell-Infused Graphene for the Targeted Magnetic Separation and
Enrichment, Drug Delivery, and Photothermal Destruction of Multidrug-Resistant Bacteria”
Sept. 24-28, 2012. National Organization for Black Chemists and Chemical Engineers (NOBCChE) National
Conference. Washington, D.C.

“Synthesis, Characterization and Biological Applications of Gold-Hollow-Nanostructures”
April 19-22, 2011. NOBCChE National Conference. Houston, TX.

“Size Dependent Cellular Uptake and Toxicological Effects of Silver Nanoprisms on Human Skin HaCaT
Keratinocytes”.
March 20, 2010, PREM-Research Internships in Science and Engineering (RISE). Jackson, MS.
November 4-7, 2009, Annual Biomedical Research Conference for Minority Students (ABRCMS).
Phoenix, AZ.

“Lights, Camera, Action! Molecular Surface Imaging via Enhanced Light-Matter Interactions”
August 13-14, 2009. RISE Conference. University of California at Santa Barbara, Santa Barbara, CA.

“Tunable Ag-Nanoparticle Surface Plasmon Absorption and its Effect on Surface Enhanced Raman Scattering
(SERS) Activity”
March 9, 2009, PREM-RISE. Jackson, MS. April 13-19, 2009, NOBCChE National Conference. St. Louis,
MO.

Professional Affiliations

American Chemical Society (ACS)
National Organization of Black Chemists and Chemical Engineers (NOBCChE)
National Science Teachers Association (NSTA)
Contact this candidate