PADMA PRADEEPA SRINIVASAN, MD, PhD
Lansdale, PA
ac46vz@r.postjobfree.com 330-***-**** LinkedIn
Legal Work permit holder (EAD) VISA sponsor not needed

Summary
Over 9 years of experience in preclinical and translational research with demonstrated research expertise in drug target and therapeutics development, biomarker development, oncology and stem cell research, osteoarthritis, bone and cartilage biology, in vivo animal models, and tissue engineering
Experienced medical writer with expertise to develop scientific content in multiple therapeutic areas
Participate in publication planning and strategic content development
Liaise with clients and authors to meet timelines and requirements
Proficient in AMA writing style, PubMed/literature searches, and reference management software
Developed 4 novel therapeutic targets and hydrogel-based drug delivery system for osteoarthritis (OA) and tested the in vivo efficacy using mouse models (surgical and non-surgical)
Established and validated a novel biomarker for early detection of OA in genetic and surgical mouse models
Developed explant culture method for tissue engineering functional salivary and mammary organoids, characterized and differentiated microtissues, and optimized 3D encapsulation in hydrogels
Used 4+ in vivo preclinical animal models (cancer and non-cancer) to study drug delivery and efficacy
Successfully completed multiple hypothesis driven research with publications in peer reviewed journals
Publication planning for 30+ scientific reports/presentations from initial drafting to submission process
Strong working knowledge of clinical trials stages and drug development process, ICH guidelines, GCP, GLP, GMP principles, site monitoring, and audit process, medical and regulatory affairs such as IRB and FDA

Education
Ph.D. in Biological Sciences, University of Delaware, DE (Dec 2014)
oGPA 3.9 Mammalian Physiology, Cell biology, Epidemiology, Bioinformatics, Biostatistics, confocal microscopy
oThesis Title: Novel preclinical targets and therapies for treatment of osteoarthritis
oBest dissertation of 2014, Dept. Biological Sciences
Bachelor of Medicine and Bachelor of Surgery (M.B.B.S), Mahatma Gandhi Medical College and Hospital, Pondicherry University, India (Aug 2007)
oDistinctions in Biochemistry and Pharmacology
oHuman Anatomy, Physiology, Pathology, Forensic medicine, Microbiology, Medicine, Surgery

Certifications
Clinical Trials Management, University of Delaware, DE (May 2017)
ECFMG certification (Medical credential verification) (Jan 2015)

Professional Experience
Scientific Communication Manager
AlphaBioCom, PA Jul 2018–Dec 2018
Participate in publication planning, schedule kick off calls, create agenda, and contact reports
Lead teleconferences and client meetings, provide scientific perspective for strategic planning
Review content accuracy and quality and approval of scientific content
Manage multiple projects and ensure timely delivery
Collaborate and communicate with clients and authors to meet their requirements
Develop content for scientific abstracts, posters, MSL slide deck, dashboard slides, outlines, primary and secondary manuscripts, and review articles adhering to good publication practices
Data interpretation to create clinical documents from preclinical, phase 1, 2, and 3 clinical study reports
Perform scientific platform searches, literature review and reference management
Strategic planning for scientific conference presentation and journal submission for assigned therapeutic area

Post-doctoral Research Scientist (Oncology)
Center for Translational Cancer Research, HFGCC, University of Delaware, DE Mar 2015–Jun 2018
Managed 4 multidisciplinary NIH-funded research projects for salivary gland tissue engineering to treat post-radiation xerostomia in head and neck cancer patients
Facilitated collaborations with the cross-functional team of Material Scientists, Oncologists/surgeon, Biologists at Rice University, Christiana Care hospital and NIH
Developed an explant culture method for isolation of human salivary stem/progenitor cells (hS/PCs) and characterized their functionality through biomarker identification and incorporation of biomimetic peptides
Identified specific cues to differentiate and induce branching of the hS/PCs in 3D hyaluronic acid-based hydrogels and studied the functionality using neurotransmitters
Optimized the primary cell culture of myoepithelial cells for assembly into functional salivary micro tissues
Worked with material scientists to formulate different composition of HA hydrogel for 3D encapsulation of salivary spheroids and tested its biocompatibility in rodents
Performed in vivo rodent model of parotid resection to study the immunogenicity and angiogenesis of the implanted 3D scaffolds using IACUC approved protocols
Engineered a novel 3D human mammary organoid system to study tumorigenesis and drug testing.
Adapted and optimized isolation protocols to culture conjunctival cells for use in eye grafting surgeries
Publication planning, write scientific reports, manage submission process with peer-reviewed journals
Designed and optimized SOPs for in vitro bioanalytical and immunoassays
Performed bio-statistical data analysis, data management, record keeping and electronic data entry
Facilitated material transfer (MTA) of the IRB approved human tissue samples between internal/external clients, managed tissue procurement and record keeping for regulatory submissions
Supervised and mentored research team of fellow scientists and research students
Perform data collection, management and interpretation using bio-statistical analysis
Summarize scientific update reports and present at internal and external research/conference meetings
Trained to work with Human subjects in research, GCP, GLP and biosafety protocols

Editorial board member for Scientific Reports-Nature Since Jun 2016
Used online tracking systems, work independently and collaboratively with scientific experts for review
Performed strategic planning for 40+ submissions from initial review to final decision making
Reviewed scientific content, perform QC and check for plagiarism
Wrote reports and decisions letters adhering to the journal guidelines

Oncology clinical research intern
HFGCC, Christiana Care, DE Feb 2017–Jun 2018
Worked with oncologists, project manager, procurement team to coordinate patient consent, human sample collection, participated in status update meetings and material transfer
Thorough working knowledge of clinical trials stages and drug development process, ICH guidelines, GCP, GLP, GMP principles, site monitoring and audit process, medical and regulatory affairs: IRB, FDA

Research Assistant
University of Delaware, DE Feb 2009–Dec 2014
Developed 3+ novel drug targets to promote cartilage repair using preclinical animal models of osteoarthritis
Developed a biomimetic hydrogel-based delivery system with perlecan domain 1 to inject BMP2 and demonstrated its efficacy using a reversible mouse model of osteoarthritis (OA)
Established T-type voltage sensitive calcium channel as a therapeutic target using a load-induced OA in mice and co-culture techniques of primary osteoblasts and chondrocytes
Demonstrated the therapeutic effect of Ck2.1 peptide to promote cartilage repair in surgical mouse model
Developed a novel biomarker, Serum xylosyltransferase 1 for early detection of OA using post-traumatic mouse model and tested its efficacy in two different genetic mouse strains
Cancer Research: Studied the therapeutic effects of vitamin D in Inflammatory (IBC) and non-inflammatory breast cancer cell lines using in vivo metastasis assay (using athymic mice), investigated the molecular and signaling mechanisms behind the co-occurrence of IBC and melanoma
Collaborated with material scientists, mechanical engineers and biostatisticians for various research projects
Design SOPs and conduct experimentations troubleshoot and optimized laboratory conditions/ equipment
Formulate chemical reagents, culture media, generate and maintain cell banking
Developed isolation protocols for RNA/primary cell culture from mice bones and cartilage
Provided support with troubleshooting and performed bio-functional assays and experiments
Bred and maintained different genetic strains of mice, genotyped and characterized them (IACUC protocols)
Developed animal models and performed animal surgeries for internal and external collaborators
Write/present scientific reports and manuscripts for publication at peer-reviewed journals/conferences
Managed laboratory inventory, bio-safety guidelines, chemical waste disposal and hazard prevention
Served as safety officer (Dept. Biological Sciences), oversaw the adherence to regulatory/safety guidelines
Managed and mentored 6+ research assistants with experimental techniques and thesis projects

Teaching Assistant
University of Delaware, DE Spr 2011, Sum 2012, Fall 2014
Teaching Assistant Conference and Training (July 2009–August 2009)
Teach, mentor, grade undergraduate course in basic biology
Created content/ PPT and lecture CME courses, graduate level course: Mammalian Physiology

Resident-General Physician
Mahatma Gandhi Medical College and Hospital, Pondicherry University, India Aug 2006–Aug 2007
Diagnosed and treated patients with clinical rotations in General Medicine, Surgery, Obstetrics, Pediatrics, Ophthalmology, Otolaryngology, Orthopedics, Dermatology, Emergency care
Community medicine: conducted projects in public health and outreach

Awards/Honors
Hatton Award winner: American Association for Dental Research, AADR (Mar 2016),
Subsequently was invited and sponsored to present at the IADR held at Seoul, South Korea
Winning image: 2016 NIH funded image
Best Poster Award, American Head and Neck society (Apr 2015)
University Graduate Dissertation Fellows Award (Sep 2013–May 2014)
Best Podium Presentation, 10th Annual Biomechanics Research Symposium (May 2013)
Professional Development Award for Graduate Students (Sep 2012)
Department Travel Award (Sep 2012)
Member of Golden Key International Honor Society

Technical Skills and Expertise
In vitro Bio-molecular functional assays: Primary and Secondary cell culture, Immuno detection/Immunoassays, Western Blotting, SDS-PAGE, ELISA, Transfection, Flow cytometry, Tissue processing and histological staining, paraffin and frozen sectioning of bone and soft tissues, RNA and DNA Extraction/purification, genotyping, qRT-PCR, DNA sequencing, Protein extraction, microarray, invasion assay, mass spectrometry, proliferation assay, sphere assay etc.
Bio-statistical data analysis, EXCEL, SAS
Bioinformatics: NCBI, DAVID, PAINT, Heat map, WoLF PSort, Pfam
Confocal microscopy: Zen and Zeiss imaging software
Microsoft Tools (Word, Excel and Power Point), Adobe tools, Internet Explorer
Preclinical in vivo animal (rodents) models and Microscopic surgical skills, inhalational anesthesia, breeding, in vivo loading, IVIS, retro orbital bleeding, IP, SC and tail vein injections, intraarticular injections
Teaching: Undergraduate and graduate level courses, CME lectures
Photoshop, Origin, Graph Pad Prism, Image J
Reference manager, EndNote Web, AMA writing styles and PubMed/scientific internet searches

Published Patents
Injectable Delivery System for Heparin-Binding Growth Factors. US Patent 9,597,412. Issued Mar 2017

Scientific Publications
Injectable perlecan domain 1-hyaluronan microgels potentiate the cartilage repair effect of BMP2 in a murine model of early osteoarthritis. Srinivasan PP, McCoy SY, Jha AK, Yang W, Jia X, Farach-Carson MC and Kirn-Safran CB. Biomedical Materials.7, 024109. Apr 2012. (“Highlights of Biomedical Materials: 2012”)
Serum Xylosyltransferase 1 level increases during early posttraumatic osteoarthritis in mice with high bone forming potential. McCoy SY, Falgowski KA, Srinivasan PP, Thompson WR, Selva EM, Kirn-Safran CB. Bone 5, 224-231. Aug 2012
Differential effects of vitamin D treatment on inflammatory and non-inflammatory breast cancer cell lines. Hillyer RL, Srinivasan PP, Joglekar M, Sikes RA, van Golen KL, Nohe A. Clin Exp Metastasis, Dec 2012
Inhibition of T-Type voltage sensitive calcium channel reduces load-induced OA in mice and suppresses the catabolic effect of bone mechanical stress on chondrocytes. Srinivasan PP, Parajuli A, Price C, Wang L, Duncan RL, Kirn-Safran CB. PLoS One. May 2015
Primary salivary human stem/progenitor cells undergo microenvironment driven acinar-like differentiation in hyaluronate hydrogel culture. Srinivasan PP, Patel VN, Liu S, Harrington D, Hoffman MP, Jia X, Witt RL, Farach-Carson MC, Pradhan-Bhatt S. Stem Cells Translational Medicine. Aug 2016 (Highlight of the issue)
CK2.1, a Bone Morphogenetic Protein Receptor Type Ia mimetic peptide, repairs cartilage in mice with destabilized medial meniscus. Akkiraju H, Srinivasan PP, Xu X, Jia X, Kirn Safran CB, Nohe A. Stem Cell Research and Therapy. Apr 2017
Bottom-up assembly of salivary gland microtissues for assessing myoepithelial cell function. Ozdemir T, Srinivasan PP, Zakheim D, Harrington D, Witt RL, Farach-Carson MC, Jia X, Pradhan-Bhatt S. Biomaterials. Jul 2017
Book chapter 53. Strategies for Xerostomia-Tissue Engineering. Witt surgery of the salivary glands. Srinivasan PP, Pradhan-Bhatt S, Farach-Carson MC. Harrington D. Elsevier. In press

Selected Presentations
Srinivasan PP, Yerkes S.P, Yang W, Jha A, Jia X, Farach-Carson M.C, Kirn-Safran C.B. Perlecan-HA based Biomatrices Prolong the Anabolic Effect of BMP2 in Mice Articular Cartilage. Orthopaedic Research Society, Long Beach, CA. Jan 2011 (Professional Development Award for Graduate Students and Department Travel Award)
Srinivasan P.P, Kronbergs A, Duncan RL, Kirn-Safran C.B. T-type voltage sensitive calcium channel (T-VSCC): A Novel Target for Treatment of Osteoarthritis. 10th Annual Center for Biomedical Engineering Research Symposium, Newark, DE. May 2013. (Best podium presentation)
Srinivasan PP, Patel VN, Liu S, Harrington D, Hoffman MP, Jia X, Witt RL, Farach-Carson MC, Pradhan-Bhatt S. Salivary Gland Regeneration Using Differentiated Populations from Human Progenitor-like Cells. American Association for Dental Research, Los Angeles, CA. Mar 2016 (Oral presentation: Hatton award)
Srinivasan PP, Yerkes S.P, Yang W, Jha A, Jia X, Farach-Carson M.C and Kirn-Safran C.B. Perlecan-HA based Biomatrices Prolong the Anabolic Effect of BMP2 in Mice Articular Cartilage. 7th Annual Center for Biomedical Engineering Research Symposium, University of Delaware, Newark, DE, May 2010 (Podium presentation)
Srinivasan P.P, Duncan RL, Kirn-Safran C.B. Role of Leptin in the Etio-pathogenesis of Osteoarthritis. Fourth Annual University of Delaware Graduate Student Forum, Newark, DE, Apr 2014. (Podium presentation)
Contact this candidate