Melissa L. Langton
Westerville, OH ***** 614-***-**** ac5tz7@r.postjobfree.com www.linkedin.com/in/melissalangton

Research Manager and Compliance Leader
Skilled in performing laboratory tests, developing standardized processes, and performing quality control
Collaborative, client-focused, and proactive researcher with a record of scheduling events, procedures, and tests, gathering and analyzing large amounts of data, communicating project results to internal and external stakeholders, and implementing operating procedures that enhance organizational effectiveness. Skilled in balancing multiple priorities simultaneously, establishing relationships, and focusing on opportunities that enhance business outcomes.
Key Skills and Competencies

Data-Gathering and Analysis Deadline-Oriented Complex Problem Solving Highly-Organized and Detailed
Event Coordination Cross-Functional Teamwork Adaptability and Flexibility Strategic Planning
Effective Communication Relationship-Building Goal-Oriented Microsoft Office – Word, Excel, PowerPoint

Professional Experience

BATTELLE MEMORIAL INSTITUTE, Researcher, Columbus, OH 2010 – 2018
Provided research for a variety of key projects within Battelle Memorial Institute, worked on a team to develop and manage conferences conducted by the Environment and Infrastructure Business Line, and provided quality assurance on a variety of projects that included auditing reports and databases. Delivered leadership as the Lab Manager responsible for the Environmental Testability Laboratory that serviced 80+ employees. Assisted with developing the Accident Prevention Plans and Site Safety and Health Plans for projects that included groundwater sampling, soil excavation, and recovery of free product. Served as the Emergency Floor Leader and mentoring new employees.

Collaborated with radiation safety officers to develop plans that ensured compliance with radiation safety program requirements. Experiments were successfully conducted without any radiological exposure.
Led efforts for an EPA demonstration, planning and conducting the event for 200+ people with outstanding client success. Project triggered funding of over $1M during the next 2-year timeframe.
Initiated pilot scale RAD tests, providing oversight for the initiative. Completed $1M in decon testing during 2016-2018. Completed videos and reports, and co-authored a paper on results for a 2018 conference.
Conducted and completed technical tasks during an Air Force demonstration and validation of a sensor, ending the project on-time and on-budget, making up for a budget deficit.
Coordinated drinking water sampling, cold-calling residents, scheduling, and documentation. Successful project began a routine that became standard for nine sampling trips over the course of two years.
Key partner of the strategic team developing an annual seminar held in six locations across the country. Earned positive feedback from the client the United States Navy upon project completion.

LITHKO RESTORATION TECHNOLOGIES, LLC, Administrative Assistant, Columbus, OH 2009 – 2011
Partnered with project managers to conduct initial job set-up by maintaining job logs, providing submittals to engineers and architects, and creating field notebook for foremen.

Education Certifications

Master of Science – Earth and Environmental Science, Wright State University, Dayton, OH
Bachelor of Science – Biology and Environmental Studies, Denison University, Granville, OH
HAZWOPER Certification Adult CPR/AED and First Aid Certification

Technical Skills

Environmental Analysis Groundwater Sampling Gas Chromatography
Spectophotometry TOCN Analyzer Anaerobic Glovebox Hach Standard Procedures
Contact this candidate