Rosie Carter
(M) 075********,
E mail: ac80iz@r.postjobfree.com,
LinkedIn: https://uk.linkedin.com/in/rosie-carter-612660101
Summary
In my most recent position I worked as a Research and Development Scientist, developing a new clinical diagnostic tool by binding capture antibodies to gold electrodes and using Electrochemical Impedance Spectroscopy (EIS) to identify binding events of target molecules. In addition to having 16 months experience in this role, I also achieved a 1st class honours degree in BSc Applied Bioscience from the University of the West of Scotland in July, 2017. During my time at university I was awarded the prestigious UWS Court Medal for attaining the highest grades in my programme for all 4 years of study.
As part of my course, I completed a 12 week placement in a UKAS accredited ISO 17025 microbiology laboratory, gaining invaluable experience and allowing me to excel in my current role. I have recently been made redundant from my current position and my last day of work was 29 March, 2019. I’m looking for a challenging opportunity to further develop my career in the field of science.
Lab Skills

In my most recent role I have developed skills in: Self Assembled Monolayer (SAM) prep, cleaning gold electrodes, surface chemistry and anti-body coupling, EIS, flow cell operation, assay design, colourimetric testing, light microscope operation, sample prep, data analysis, report writing, lab book maintenance, presenting results, managing lab supplies, planning experiments.

During my course/student placement I used many techniques and equipment including: mammalian cell culture, bacterial/fungal cell culture, pipetting, aseptic, ELISA, qPCR, genetic transformation techniques, UV/IR spectrophotometer, TLC, GC, HPLC, preparing COSHH risk assessments, media preparation, QC media testing, pH analysis, pour plate, spread plate, gram stain, membrane filtration, agar well diffusion test, equipment calibration, preparation of serial dilutions.

Work Experience

R & D Scientist 11/2017 to 03/2019
Relitect Ltd – Biocity Scotland, Bo’Ness Road, Newhouse, ML1 5UH

I worked as part of the R & D team and my role included, assay design, functionalisation of gold electrodes with SAMs, sample preparation, handling and preparing chemicals, anti-body coupling of SAMs, performing potentiostatic measurements using EIS equipment and flow cell system, maintaining, cleaning and troubleshooting equipment, colourimetric testing, report writing, data analysis and presentation of results, ordering lab consumables, maintenance of lab book, staff training, coordination of the team to ensure smooth running of the lab.

Microbiology Lab - Student Placement 02/2016 to 04/2016
Glasgow Scientific Services – 64 Everard Drive, Springburn, Glasgow

I worked within the media preparation and sampling lab of this busy UKAS accredited ISO 17025 laboratory following SOPs to fulfil the requirements of GLP. This involved: media prep, calibrating equipment, quality control, pH analysis, food/water sample prep, spiral plating, preparing spread/pour plates, membrane filtration, Colilert-18 technique.

Education

BSc (Hons) Applied Bioscience (1st Class) 09/2013 to 04/2017
University of the West of Scotland (UWS) – Hamilton, North Lanarkshire

I achieved A grades in the following 4th Year modules:
Bioscience Research Project, DNA Technology, Cells & Disease, Clinical Immunology, Food & Environmental Microbiology,

PGDip Operations Management with Distinction, Glasgow Caledonian University 1999

BA Hospitality Management, Glasgow Caledonian University 1997

HND Hospitality Management, Motherwell College 1996

Work History
Clerk 06/2003 to 10/2013
North Lanarkshire Council – Dalziel Building, Motherwell, North Lanarkshire
I provided administration support to a local government housing section, by compiling and processing statistical information using Microsoft applications.

Business Support Assistant 04/2002 to 06/2003
Motherwell College – Dalziel Drive, Motherwell, North Lanarkshire
I provided administration support to lecturing staff by generating registers, enrolling students, word processing and dealing with enquiries.

Registry and Admissions Assistant 01/2001 to 06/2001
Bell College – Hamilton, North Lanarkshire
Processing results and dealing with lecturing staff and student enquiries.

Kitchen Staff (University Summer Placement) 06/1996 to 09/1996
Camp Emerson – Massachusetts, USA
Food preparation and service. Cleaning equipment and assisting in menu planning and ordering stock.

Personal Skills

I have extensive experience of using Microsoft packages in writing reports, data analysis and presenting results. In previous roles I have developed excellent organisational and planning skills in meeting deadlines. I have precise attention to detail, excellent problem solving skills and a very professional attitude which has allowed me to excel in both my studies and as an R & D Scientist. I have excellent verbal and written communication skills which I use to both convey my thoughts/ideas and in presenting results to my team in my previous role. Overall I am a self-motivated, approachable, honest, reliable person with the ability to work well as an individual and in a group situation with people of all ages and backgrounds. I consider myself to be flexible in my approach to tasks and easily learn new concepts.
Contact this candidate