Stephanie Hamill
ac99ss@r.postjobfree.com
203-***-****

HealthCare Connections
CT

August 21, 2019

To Whom It May Concern:

I am writing to inquire about a full time, job opportunity as Bench Scientist, at HealthCare Connections, CT. Please find in attachment, my resume. Although my professional skillset as a basic research scientist is highly specialized in protein biochemistry and structural biology, I believe a lot of my skills are transferable and applicable to a clinical and histological laboratory support position. Also, please note that although I am currently working outside of science, I’ve reassessed my career goals and I am now eagerly seeking opportunity in a scientific capacity that allows for continuation of laboratory tasks in a secure employment setting. I will seriously consider a research position even if it means taking a step down from the pay scale of an academic research scientist.

As a previous research scientist at Yale, I’ve had the opportunity to train and develop expertise in the areas of protein and RNA biochemistry involved in many cellular functions and diseased-states. I planned, designed and performed experiments, analyzed data and communicated results by lectures, per-reviewed journals and posters. I am highly skilled in protein purification, structural biology and molecular biology and am meticulous on the bench as I routinely handled RNAse-free samples, autoradiographic experiments, cell-culture and maintenance and aeseptic technique. As an undergraduate student I even performed small animal surgeries where II was responsible for brain tissue sectioning and histology of samples. I enjoy training new students and enjoy learning new skills and techniques. I am detail-oriented, goal-oriented and excel in time management skills whereby I set and finish goals based on priority and cost management. I am well-versed in software for data analyses (Excel, Prism, and ImageQuant) and am used to writing up or editing short reports for funding agencies. I am familiar with graphics programs for presentation (Photoshop) and programs used for database entry. I enjoy remaining busy and working with people that are equally as energetic as I am.

I look forward to hearing from you regarding potential job opportunity with your Product Development Team and thank you for your consideration.

With Best Regards,

Stephanie Hamill

Stephanie Hamill, PhD
203-***-****
ac99ss@r.postjobfree.com

Objective:
I am in search of a productive and talented research team that allows me to utilize my biochemistry and structural biology backgrounds in order to both problem solve and to further explore research goals where I am performing experiments or assisting as laboraotry support.
Education:
PhD: Columbia University, Biochemistry May 2006
BS: University of Connecticut, Cell Biology May 1998

Research Work Experience:
Yale University, Dept. of Molecular, Cellular and Develop Biology, August 2017- June 2018
New Haven, CT Associate Research Scientist

Yale University, Dept. Of Pharmacology, New Haven, CT March 2011- April 2016
Associate Research Scientist

Yale University, Dept. of Cell Biology, New Haven, CT Nov 2006- March 2011
Postdoctoral Fellow

Yale University, Dept. of Molecular Biology and Bio- August 2000- Nov 2006
Physics, New Haven, CT Graduate Student

University of Massachusetts, Dept. of Biochemistry and August 1998- August 2000
Pharmacology, Worcester, MA Research technician.

Research Interests:
Expertise in structural and functional characterization of proteins and nucleic acid complexes involved in targeting aberrant molecules for degradation or in the onset or progression of cancer.

Responsibilites:
Responsible for planning, designing and performing experiments, data analysis and communicating results and data through lectures, posters and peer-reviewed journals. Supervised and mentored graduate students in their dissertation research. Wrote and edited funding proposals based on most current results and data.

Skillset:
Molecular Biology and Cloning Techniques, PCR, Direct Sequencing by Sanger Method, RNA oligo synthesis using Phosphoramidite Chemistry, Protein Purification, Protein Expression including in Insect and Mammalian Cells, Insect Cell Culture and Maintenance, Protein Biochemistry, in vitro and Cell-Based Activity Assays, Kinetics and Enzymology, Site-specific Modification such as Phosphorylation, BLI, Radiography, Western Blots, X-ray crystallography (Crystallization, Crystal Harvesting, Solving Structures by Molecular Replacement and SAD Methods), RNA Biochemistry, Large Scale Transcription and RNA Purification Techniques, RNA Footprinting and Interference Mapping, Ribozymology. Multi-tasker, detail-oriented, goal-oriented, energetic, proficient in Microsoft Office suite including Excel, Word and Powerpoint, Photoshop, database entry for academic research, data analysis using Prism, Excel and ImageQuant. Enjoy performing laboratory experiments.

Awards:
Jane Coffin Childs Memorial: Genentech Fellow. $130,000-****-****
Total cost for postdoctoral research.

James Browne-Alexander Coxe Research Fund. $40,000 2007
Total cost for postdoctoral research.

Conferences:
Structural Analyses of the TRAMP4 Complex: 2010
A story of a Non-canonical polymerase and its Substrate. ACA, Philadelphia, PA

Functional and Structural Studies of a Group II Intron Ribozyme 2004
RNA, Vienna, Austria (poster presentation)

Publications:
Hamill, Lou, Turk and Boggon, Structural Basis for Non-canonical Substrate Recognition of Cofilin/ ADF proteins by Lim Kinase, Mol Cell, 2016.

Hamill, Wolin and Reinisch, Structure and Function of the Polymerase Core of TRAMP, an RNA Surveillance Complex, PNAS, 2010.

Hamill and Pyle, The Receptor for Branch-Site Docking within a Group II Intron Active Site, Mol Cell, 2006.

De Lencastre, Hamill and Pyle, A Single Active Site Region for a Group II Intron, NSMB, 2005.

Levine, Cloherty, Hamill and Carruthers, Molecular Determinants of Sugar Transport Regulation by ATP, Biochemistry, 2002.

Hamill, Cloherty and Carruthers, The Human Erythrocyte Sugar Transporter Presents 2 Sugar Import Sites, Biochemistry, 1999

Hamill, Trevitt-Parker, Nowend, Carlson and Salamone, Nucleus Accumbens Dopamine Depletion and Time-Constrained Progressive Ratio Performance: Effects of Different Ratio Requirements, Pharmacology Biochem Behavior, 1999.

References:
Karin Reinisch 203-***-**** Postdoctoral research advisor from 2006-2011
Titus Boggon 203-***-**** Postdoctoral research advisor from 2011-2016
Anna Pyle 203-***-**** Graduate research advisor from 2000-2006, 2017-2018
Contact this candidate