WEI LI
Address: Lexington, Kentucky *****
Phone: 859-***-****
E-mail: acb16x@r.postjobfree.com

Research Scientist-Senior Research Scientist

Area of Interest: Molecular Mechanism of Diseases, Model Systems, Therapeutic Recombinant Protein Production, and Development of Novel Therapeutic Strategies

Highly skilled and astute professional with strong leadership skills in applying various molecular biology techniques in analyzing mRNA (RT-PCR, qRT-PCR, RPA), DNA (PCR cloning, DNA methylation status), protein, and protein-DNA interaction. Possess extensive research, technical, and project management experience, while maintaining the highest ethical and quality standards and cooperative attitude. Show adeptness in managing difficult projects with specific time constraints, while liaising and interacting with cross-functional departments to establish synergy and reach common goals. Additional qualifications include:
- Adeptness in various laboratory practices, such as western blotting, in vitro translation system, pull-down assay, Tandem affinity purification, and enzyme activity analysis, RACE, along with EMSA, ChIP analysis, phage display, oligonucleotide-based affinity purification coupled with mass spectrometry analysis
- Proficiency in using in vitro cell culture and in vivo xenograft model in Immunotoxin preparation and characterization
- Expertise in Recombinant protein expression and purification in E.coli system using liquid chromatography, as well as Tumor cell line establishment

CORE COMPETENCIES

Molecular Biology Analyses and Experimentation Good Laboratory Practice
Project and Operations Management Good Manufacturing Practice
Quality Assurance and Management Regulations and Compliance Management

EDUCATION

Doctor of Philosophy in Molecular Biology
SHANGHAI INSTITUTE OF CELL BIOLOGY, CHINESE ACADEMY OF SCIENCE (CAS) - People's Republic of China
Li,W. (1999). Production of two human growth hormone antagonists and their effects on glomerulosclerosis in STZ-induced diabetic SD rats. (Doctoral dissertation, Part-1).

Li,W. (1999). Expression of the extracellular portion of human Growth Hormone receptor and proinsulin C-peptide in E.coli. (Doctoral dissertation, Part-2).

Master of Science in Biochemistry
SHANGHAI INSTITUTE OF BIOCHEMISTRY, CHINESE ACADEMY OF SCIENCE (CAS) - People's Republic of China
Li,W. (1991). Immunotoxin prepared with human transferrin and alpha-Sarcin and its inhibitory activity on some tumor cell lines. (College thesis).

Bachelor of Science in Biochemistry
Department of Biology
Wuhan University - People's Republic of China

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

UNIVERSITY OF KENTUCKY - Lexington, KY
Scientist II, Thyroid Cancer Research Laboratory - 2003-Present

- Utilize transgenic thyroid cancer mouse model in examining the mechanisms underlying the anti-tumor activity of Lenalidomide and Lenalidomide resistance
- Discover a novel transcriptional repressor complex for human NIS gene expression and identifying PARP-1 as a component of this novel repressor complex
- Conduct research focused on therapeutic approaches on human thyroid cancer, specifically on the restoration of expression of sodium-iodide symporter (NIS) gene through epigenetic mechanism to make the dedifferentiated thyroid cancer cells sensitive to radio-iodide therapy

Research Associate, Graduate Center for Toxicology - 2000-2003

- Performed comprehensive analysis to determine the transcription initiation sites for rat multidrug resistance-associated protein 2 (MRP2) gene and the effects of uORFs on the translational regulation of rat MRP2 gene expression
- Accomplished in-depth structure-function relation study of rat Mrp2 protein especially the E2-17G and E2-3G binding site identification through analysis on the transport activity of different mutants obtained using random insertion and site-directed mutagenesis technique and expressed in the insect Sf9 cells

EARLIER EXPERIENCE

CLEMSON UNIVERSITY - Clemson, SC
Postdoctoral Scholar, Department of Microbiology and Molecular Medicine

- Completed high-level expression and purification of human Prolactin receptor antagonist in E.coli system to demonstrate its anti-breast tumor effects using in vivo xenograft model

SHANGHAI RESEARCH CENTER OF BIOTECHNOLOGY - People's Republic of China
Assistant Researcher, Chinese Academy of Science (CAS)

PROFESSIONAL AFFILIATION

American Chemical Society (ACS)

ADDENDUM

Patent

Ain, KB. and Li, W. (2012). Transcriptional Repression of Sodium-Iodide Symporter in Thyroid Carcinoma. U. S. Patent No. 8,252,912.

Publications

Li, W., and Ain, KB. (2010). Human sodium/iodide symporter (hNIS) gene expression is inhibited by a trans-active transcriptional repressor, NIS-repressor, containing PARP-1 in thyroid cancer cells. Endocrine-related Cancer. 17(2), 383-98.

Zhang, Y., Zhao, T., Li, W., and Vore, M. (2010). The 5’-untranslated region of multidrug resistance associated protein 2 (MRP2, ABCC2) regulates downstream open reading frame expression through translational regulation. Molecular Pharmacology, 77(2), 237-46.

Li,W,, Venkataraman, GM., and Ain KB. (2007). Protein synthesis inhibitors, in synergy with 5-azacytidine, restore sodium/iodide symporter gene expression in human thyroid adenoma cell line, KAK-1, suggesting trans-active transcriptional repressor. The Journal of Clinical Endocrinology & Metabolism, 92(3), 1080-7

Gerk, PM., Li, W., Megaraj, V., and Vore, M. (2007). Human multidrug resistance protein 2 transports the therapeutic bile salt tauroursodeoxycholate. Journal of Pharmacology and Experimental Therapeutics, 320(2), 893-9.

Zhang, Y., Li, W., and Vore, M. (2007). Translational regulation of rat multidrug resistance-associated protein 2 expression is mediated by upstream open reading frames in the 5’ untranslated region. Molecular Pharmacology, 71(1), 377-83.

Jones, BR., Li, W., Cao, J., Hoffman, TA., Gerk, PM., and Vore, M. (2005). The role of protein synthesis and degradation in the post-transcriptional regulation of rat multidrug resistance-associated protein 2 (Mrp2, Abcc2). Molecular Pharmacology, 68(3), 701-10.

Gerk, PM., Li, W., and Vore, M. Estradiol 3-glucuronide is transported by the multidrug resistance-associated protein 2 but does not activate the allosteric site bound by estradiol 17-glucuronide. Drug Metabolism and Disposition, 32(10), 1139-45.

Li, W., Zhu, LH., Wang, EB., Ye, ZC., Lin, J., Guo, LH., Luo, FH., Liu, XH., Fang, X., and Shen, SX. (2004). Effect of two human growth hormone receptor antagonists on glomerulosclerosis in streptozotocin-induced diabetic rats. Acta Pharmacologica Sinica: 25(4)-490-5.

Zhang, G., Li, W., Holle, L., Chen, N., and Chen, WY. (2002). A novel design of targeted endocrine and cytokine therapy for breast cancer. Clinical Cancer Research, 8(4), 1196-205.

Chen, NY., Holle, L., Li, W., Peirce, SK., Beck, MT., and Chen WY. (2002). In vivo studies of the anti-tumor effects of a human prolactin antagonist, hPRL-G129R. International Journal of Oncology, 20(4), 813-8.

Cataldo, L., Chen, NY., Yuan, Q., Li, W., Ramammoorthy, P., Wagner, TE., Sticca, RP., Chen, WY. (2000). Inhibition of oncogenes STAT3 phosphorylation by a prolactin antagonist, hPRL-G129R, in T-47D human breast cancer cells. International Journal of Oncology, 17(6), 1179-85.

Huizhen, Q., Zuchuan, Z., Ruping, Z., Wei, Li., Huiting Cao, Qingcheng, W. (1993). In vitro inhibition of indirect immunotoxin mediated by monoclonal antibody on human melanoma cell line. Acta Biochimica et Biophysica Sinica, 25(1):39-43.
Contact this candidate