John R. Sinclair, Ph.D.
*** ***** ***
Virginia Beach, VA 23462
757-***-****
ace3im@r.postjobfree.com
.

SUMMARY

. Dynamic multidisciplinary scientist with extensive R&D experience in
biotech and pharma
. Innovative scientific study director of projects spanning discovery
through safety assessment
. Highly skilled in bioassay development utilizing in vitro, ex vivo,
and in vivo methods/models
. Experienced in advancing projects as a leader and member of cross-
functional teams
. Well-versed in writing & editing SOPs, technical/scientific documents,
reports, manuscripts
. Accomplished in applying novel methods and state of the art
technologies to advance projects

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Business Consultant 2012 - present

Research and Development

Applied Behavior Analysis for All, LLC - Porter Ranch, CA and Virginia
Beach, VA
. Consulting for startup clinical practice providing autism therapy and
behavior assessment services
- Co-developed business plan and behavior therapy program for vendor /
provider submissions
- Managing service provider applications and billing submissions to
health insurance companies
. Developing research proposal to improve treatment outcomes and identify
therapeutic candidates
- Researching molecular targets related to disease phenotypes and
analyzing clinical significance
- Designing feasibility study to characterize putative gene targets and
qualify potential biomarkers

Molecular Pharmacologist / Toxicologist 2006 - 2012

Drug Safety Evaluation

Allergan, Inc. - Irvine, CA
. Directed investigative studies to expedite lead selection and evaluate
safety for drug development
- Managed drug discovery support projects to rank compounds for efficacy
and toxicity
- Designed and conducted studies to determine drug and metabolite
interactions in model systems
- Integrated data, reported, and presented results on project teams to
support development decisions
. Established systems biology based approaches to investigate organ injury
and identify biomarkers
- Developed expression assays to quantify drug effects and to determine
affected pathways
- Translated in-vitro/vivo results across species for selection of
candidate clinical biomarkers
- Mined multidimensional data sets to determine pathway interactions and
mechanisms of action

Research Scientist 2004 - 2005

Ocular Drug Discovery

Acucela Inc. - Seattle, WA
. Evaluated the efficacy of lead compounds in primary neuronal cell
culture models of neurodegeneration
- Determined neuroprotective effects by studying apoptosis signaling
pathways and cell viability
- Developed and refined models of chemical and stress induced
photoreceptor degeneration
. Spearheaded the development and implementation of a proprietary high
content screening system
- Collaborated with a software engineer in the development of software
to identify and quantify
changes in various cell types using specific markers of cellular
receptors
- Optimized parameters for automated image sampling to increase
throughput and accuracy

Research Associate 1995 - 1996

Department of Drug Metabolism and Pharmacokinetics

Novartis Pharma AG - Basel, Switzerland
. Collaborated on a team project to determine the biotransformation
pathways and drug interaction

potential for an anti-fungal drug using human liver tissue and cloned P450
isoenzymes
- Characterized the kinetics of drug metabolizing enzymes and evaluated
inhibitory effects
of specific isoenzyme substrates utilizing in vitro assays and
bioanalysis tools

John R. Sinclair, PhD
page 2

Research Internship
1994

Department of Pharmacology

Amgen, Inc. - Thousand Oaks, CA
. Studied the expression and activity of a novel tyrosine kinase
receptor and characterized
cell lines
and animal tissues for use in target screening assays to identify
putative ligands

EDUCATION

Ph.D., University of California (UCLA), Los Angeles, CA
2003
Interdepartmental Program in Neuroscience
Dissertation: The Role of Neuropeptide Y - Expressing Cells in Retinal
Processing

B.S., State University of New York, Stony Brook, NY
1995
Chemistry (Honors) and Pharmacology, double major

ACADEMIC RESEARCH EXPERIENCE

Post Doctoral Fellow 2003
- 2004

Jules Stein Eye Institute - Los Angeles, CA

Vision Science Training Grant (National Eye Institute, PHS EY07026-28)

. Tested the hypothesis that somatostatin expression modulates
retinal sensitivity to luminosity changes
- Developed quantitative assays for receptor expression analysis
utilizing realtime qRT-PCR and radioimmunoassay to measure mRNA and
protein levels, respectively, in ocular tissues
- Examined effects on dopamine and melatonin pathways involved in
diurnal and circadian rhythms

Ph.D. Dissertation
1998 - 2003
Interdepartmental Program in Neuroscience - University of California, Los
Angeles
. Studied a specific subclass of interneurons to determine their function
in visual information processing
- Characterized the anatomical profile in order to formulate a
hypothesis for their functional role, which was involved in the
modulation of receptive field organization
- Tested hypothesis by determining how the selective photoablation of
the cells within the circuitry correlated with the resulting changes
in spatio-temporal processing of visual information
- Implemented state-of-the-art experimental approach with computer
controlled visual stimulation synchronized with multi-electrode
recordings of output cells in a live retinal tissue preparation and
statistically analyzed input/output correlations to quantify changes
in receptive field structure

Graduate Lab Rotations
1997

Interdepartmental Program in Neuroscience - University of California, Los
Angeles
. Conducted research in neuropharmacology, neurophysiology, and molecular
neurobiology labs

B.S. Honors Thesis
1994 - 1995
Department of Chemistry - State University of New York, Stony Brook
. Synthesized cholesterol compounds to study the reaction mechanism of
cholesterol oxidase

Independent Project
1994
Department of Pharmacology - State University of New York, Stony Brook
. Examined the transcriptional regulation of apolipoprotein II in
transfected cell lines

TEACHING EXPERIENCE

Lecturer 2003 -
2004

Department of Organismic Biology, Ecology, and Evolution - University of
California, Los Angeles
. Instructor of Record for upper division undergraduate course in
Molecular Biology and Evolution

Teaching Assistant
1997 - 1998
Department of Life Sciences - University of California, Los Angeles
. Lower division undergraduate courses in Genetics, Molecular and Cell
Biology

John R. Sinclair, PhD
page 3

PUBLICATIONS

Vickers, A.E.M., Heale, J.T., Sinclair, J.R., Morris, S.R., Rowe, J.H., and
Fisher, R.L. (2012) Thyroid organotypic rat and human cultures to
investigate drug effects on thyroid function, hormone synthesis and
release pathways. Toxicology and Applied Pharmacology 260, 81-88.
Vickers, A.E.M., Fisher, R.L., and Sinclair, J.R. (2010) Glutathione
modulation and oxidative stress in human liver slices. Curr Drug
Discov Technol 7, 154-169.
Vickers, A.E.M., Sinclair, J.R., Fisher, R.L., Morris, S.R., and Way W.
(2010) Blood cell oxidative stress precedes hemolysis in whole blood-
liver slice co-cultures of rat, dog, and human tissues. Toxicology
and Applied Pharmacology 244, 354-365.
Laabich, A., Vissvesvaran G.P., Lieu, K.L., Murata K., McGinn, T.E.,
Manmoto, C.C., Sinclair, J.R., Karliga, I., Leung, D.W., Fawzi, A.,
and Kubota, R. (2006) Protective effect of crocin against blue light-
and white light-mediated photoreceptor cell death in bovine and
primate retinal primary cell culture. Investigative Ophthalmology and
Visual Science 47, 3156-3163.
Sinclair, J.R., Jacobs, A.L., and Nirenberg, S. (2004) Selective ablation
of a class of amacrine cells alters
spatial processing in the retina. The Journal of Neuroscience 24, 1459-
1467.
Sinclair, J.R. and Nirenberg, S. (2001) Characterization of neuropeptide Y-
expressing cells in the mouse
retina using immunohistochemical and transgenic techniques. The
Journal of Comparative Neurology 432, 296-306.
Vickers, A.E.M., Sinclair, J.R., Zollinger, M., Heitz, F., Glanzel, U.,
Johanson, L., and Fischer, V. (1999)
Multiple cytochrome P-450s involved in the metabolism of terbinafine
suggest a limited potential for
drug-drug interactions. Drug Metabolism and Disposition 27, 1029-1038.

ABSTRACTS

Vickers, A.E.M., Fisher, R.L., Sinclair, J.R., Morris, S. (2009) GSH
modulation, a stressed liver model to evaluate drug-induced human
liver injury. The Toxicologist, 108:417.
Sinclair, J.R., Morris, S., Heale, J., Way, W., Fisher, R.L., Vickers,
A.E.M. (2008) Evaluating drug-induced thyroid effects and species
differences using in-vitro thyroid culture models in rat and human.
The Toxicologist, 102:92.
Vickers, A.E.M., Fisher, R.L., Sinclair, J.R., Morris, S. (2008) Human in
vitro hemolysis model to assess drug-induced hemolytic effects. The
Toxicologist, 102:2083.
Sinclair, J.R., Way, W., Vickers, A.E.M. (2007) Evaluating drug-induced
hemolysis effects using whole blood-liver slice co-culture model. The
Toxicologist, 96:249.
Vissvesvaran, G., Laabich, A., Sinclair, J.R., Lieu, K.L., Murata, K.,
Karliga, I., McGinn, T.E., Graham, M., Kubota, R., Fawzi, A. (2006)
Dimethylthiourea protects retinal photoreceptors against blue light
stress in bovine and primate primary cultures. Investigative
Ophthalmology & Visual Sciences 47:4818.
Laabich, A., Vissvesvaran G.P., Lieu, K.L., Murata K., McGinn, T.E.,
Manmoto, C.C., Sinclair, J.R., Karliga, I., Kubota, R., Fawzi, A.
(2006) Protective effect of crocin against blue and white light
mediated photoreceptor cell death in bovine and monkey retinal primary
cell culture. Investigative Ophthalmology & Visual Science 47,4801.
Nirenberg, S., Jacobs, A.L., and Sinclair, J.R. (2002) Using targeted cell
class ablation to dissect circuits in the inner retina. Investigative
Ophthalmology & Visual Sciences 43:897.
Jacobs, A.L., Sinclair, J.R., and Nirenberg, S. (2002) Mechanisms that
underlie the spatial frequency tuning of ganglion cells. Investigative
Ophthalmology & Visual Sciences 43:B765.
Sinclair, J.R., Jacobs, A.L., D'Angelo, I., Brecha, N.C., and Nirenberg, S.
(1999) Characterization of neuropeptide Y - expressing cells in the
mouse retina using transgenic and immunohistochemical techniques.
Society for Neuroscience 29th Annual Meeting, 25, 57.17.
Jacobs, A.L., Sinclair, J.R., Son, J.H., and Nirenberg, S. (1999) Using
transgenic techniques to characterize tyrosine hydroxylase-
immunoreactive interplexiform cells in the mouse retina. Society for
Neuroscience 29th Annual Meeting, 25, 57.16.
Carcieri, S.M., Sinclair, J.R., Latham, P.E., and Nirenberg, S. (1998)
Direction and speed-sensitive responses in the mouse retina. Society
for Neuroscience 28th Annual Meeting, 24, 57.15.
Contact this candidate