ARYA A
‘Akshara’
Kudallur(P.O)
Palakkad(Dist)
Kerala-679554
India
Ph:-+918*********
e- mail:-ace7w3@r.postjobfree.com

Motivation
An enthusiastic, hardworking and adaptive person with a keen interest in research towards a more comprehensive
understanding of science, I particularly enjoy collaborating with scientist from different disciplines to develop new
skills and solve the new challenges.

Education
2005 – 2007 M.Sc Biotechnology, Bharathiar University,Coimbatore, Tamil Nadu,India.
2002 – 2005 B.Sc Biotechnology, Biochemistry and Genetics, Bangalore University,
Garden City College, Bangalore, India.

Research experience
2010- 2013 Senior Scientist, Biocon Research Limited, Bangalore, India.
• Development and qualification of N and O glycan analysis in TNFreceptor
Fc( IgG) fusion protein using chemical and enzymatic methods.
• Development and qualification of N-glycan analysis method for multiple
therapeutic monoclonal antibodies.
• Characterization and comparison of N-glycosylation in Nimotuzumab (antiEGFR
antibody marketed for head & neck cancer) expressed in CHO and NS0 cell lines.
• In vitro glyco-engineering of anti-Her2antibody and its correlation with biological
activity to study the effect of glycosylation on the biological activity of the anti-HER2
antibody.
• Glycoprotein purification using Lectin affinity chromatography and determination
of its glycan structures.
• Leadership and project management: Lead a team of three scientists and three project
trainees. Evaluation of the quality of the N-glycan, monosaccharide and sialic acid data
generated for multiple therapeutic monoclonal antibodies. Plan group experiments to
achieve the goals and meet the timelines of multiple programs.

2007-2010 Scientist, Biocon Research Limited, Bangalore, India.
• cIEF, CZE and CE-SDS method development for multiple monoclonal antibodies .
• Isolation,tagging and analysis of N-glycan from various glycoproteins by NP-

1
HPLC and MALDI-MS
• Structural characterization of monoclonal antibodies by ‘Top-Bottom’ analysis
method using LC-MS.
• Intact mass determination of fusion proteins and monoclonal antibodies using
MALDI-MS.
• Sialic acid and monosaccharide analysis of various glycoproteins and their
quantitation by RP-HPLC method.
• Separation of antibody Fc and Fab domains by affinity chromatography
• Ion exchange chromatography to study the charge variants of proteins.

2006-2007 Research trainee, Characterization Development Laboratory, Biocon Limited,
Bangalore, India.
• Method development for protein analysis using capillary electrophoresis .
Description: Each protein has its own physiochemical properties which
affect its characterization parameters. I optimized sample preparation and
analytical parameters based on the protein’s physiochemical properties
using capillary zone electrophoresis .

Poster presentations
• AryaAloor, Jithendar Panda,LaxmiAdhikary, PradeepKabadi, Preetha Ramakrishnan,
Raju Mukherjee and Varshini Priya. 2011. Effect of high mannosylation on ADCC activity
of therapeutic mAbs. Indian proteomics conference, Delhi, India.

• AnandKedkar, Ann Jessita, AryaAloor,LaxmiAdhikary,
Nithyakalyani,PradeepNarayanaswamy, Raju Mukherjee, SnehaPadiyar and Susheel
Vaidya. 2009. Mass spectrometric studies of proteins.Biocon Ltd, Bangalore, India.

Training

2003 Training on microbial techniques,Sudharma laboratories, Trissur,Kerala, India.
2004 Training on biochemical techniques from Medical Trust Hospital, Eranakulam, India.
2005 Training on recombinant DNA techniques, Sreedhar Bhat laboratories, Bangalore, India.
2008 Trained on capillary electrophoresis fromBeckman Coulter, United Kingdom.

Instrument Knowledge and Hands on experience

• MALDI TOF/TOF (AutoFlex-III),BrukerDaltonics

2
• ESI-MS (HCT Ultra PTM Discovery), BrukerDaltonics
• ESI-QTOF (QSTAR-XL, Applied Bio Systems)
• Agilent HPLC 1100 and 1200 series with DAD and FLD
• AKTA Prime
• Beckman coulter PA800 and PA800+ capillary electrophoresis
• Agilent Capillary electrophoresis
• UV Spectrophotometer

Hobbies
• Reading, music and traveling

Personnel Information
Gender: Female

Husband: Kannan Salim Kumar

Date of Birth: 19th April, 1985

Languages: Fluent in English and Malayalam. Can also communicate in Hindi, Kannada and Tamil.

References

Dr. Laxmi Adhikary

Principal Scientific Manager

Research and Development

Biocon Research Ltd.

Mobile: +91-984*******

e-mail: ace7w3@r.postjobfree.com

Dr. Dinesh Palanivelu

3
Associate Scientific Manager II

Research and Development

Biocon Research Ltd.

Mobile: +91-988*******

e-mail: ace7w3@r.postjobfree.com

Declaration

I hereby declare that the above information is correct to the best of my knowledge and I bear responsibility for its
accuracy.

Arya Aloor

4
Contact this candidate