Leslie Tabor-Simecka
*** *** ****** ****, ***********, Texas 76087
817-***-****
acf412@r.postjobfree.com

Detail-oriented, dynamic, and versatile professional with extensive background in the field of research. Skilled at performing

research while leading cross-functional teams. Adept at preparing and completing research and laboratory documents.

Knowledgeable of preliminary exams, field tests, diagnostic instrumentation, office operations, and record keeping. Efficient in

overseeing laboratory management including purchasing, inventory, and test applications. Armed with innovative thinking skills,

complemented with solid leadership, communication, and interpersonal abilities. Technically well-versed with Microsoft Office,

Prism, SharePoint, ePro, and PCard procedures.

KEY EXPERTISE

Research Formulation and Presentation Bio-Techniques-Immunoassays Data Gathering and Analysis
Experimental Procedures Advanced Cell Culture, and Animal Studies Regulatory Compliance (GLP, GMP)
Administrative Support Product Development Staff Coordination Leadership and Team Building

EDUCATION

Bachelor of Science in Biology, Minor in Wildlife - STEPHEN F. AUSTIN STATE UNIVERSITY, NACOGDOCHES, TX

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

UNIVERSITY OF NORTH TEXAS HEALTH SCIENCE CENTER, FORT WORTH, TX
Research Specialist/ Lab Manager - Department of Pediatrics and Institute of Cancer Research Nov 2013–Present
- Oversee various laboratory procedures which involve purchasing of equipment and consumables with purchase card, creating

requisitions for purchase orders for items unable to use Pcard, monitoring accurate invoices, and formulating monthly

expenditure reports for purchase card
- Take accountability for calibration, maintenance and repairs of instrumentation and ensuring a supportive laboratory

infrastructure and environment
- Render essential support with facilitation of training for graduate students on cell culture and bio-techniques
- Handle the overall cultivation, maintenance, and cryopreservation of adherent and suspension cell lines, take part in

dealing with cancer models for research studies and pre-clinical services
- Conduct comprehensive in vitro toxicity studies, viability studies, dose curves, western blot, RT-PCR, Caspase assays,

autoclave bio-hazard, and quality assurance for Good Laboratory Practice (GLP) studies
- Member of values blueprint team which analyzed and interpreted results from employee surveys and input from focus group

sessions in order to generate list of values, selected to present the new values and behaviors at value rollout presentations

across the institution
Key Highlights:
Pre-clinical in vitro assessment of anti-cancer drugs
Effectively served as main resource to various laboratories, assisting with challenges in cell culture and bio

techniques
Accomplished various roles such as laboratory manager and administrative support
Earned selection from the Executive Committee to be part of the Values Blueprint Team, responsible for creating values

for the entire Health Science Center
Functioned as member of the new Vendor Selection Team, accountable for developing charter and guidelines for the

implementation of values into the selection of HSC vendors

UNIVERSITY OF NORTH TEXAS HEALTH SCIENCE CENTER - FORT WORTH, TX
Senior Research Assistant/Lab Manager - Department of Molecular Biology and Immunology Dec 2005–Nov 2013
- Strategically directed six laboratories, regulated the process of purchasing equipment and consumables with purchase

card, and oversaw approval of requisitions for purchase orders for items unable to use Pcard and animal orders
- Directed the validation, calibration, maintenance, repairs, and application of laboratory equipment, led the submission

of work order and ETN, coordinated with facilities regarding necessary fixes, including leaks, airflow, lights, and electrical,

and ensure the accuracy of inventory and purchase supplies
- Exemplified comprehensive expertise in dealing with cell culture, honed from training at HyClone
- Oversaw the expansion of cell, tissue, and mycoplasma culture lines, initiated analysis and interpretation of data for

research projects, and instructed graduate students
- Conducted assays which included reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR), enzyme-linked immunosorbent

assays (ELISAs), in-vivo mouse models, immunoassays and manual blood differentials on goat blood
- Processed all cell lines, suspension and adherent, and mycoplasma cultures for research and pre-clinical studies,

including air-liquid interface assays with normal human epithelial cells, tumor cells for in-vivo studies, antibody production

from hybridomas in bioreactors, and the development of T-cell lines from mice for in-vitro expansion for subsequent in-vivo

studies.
- Led the formulation and evaluation of standard operating procedures (SOPs) for the GLP studies, executed the auditing

procedures and final reporting for GLP studies, while serving as lead quality assurance (QA)

Key Highlights:
Functioned as resource for various laboratories throughout the campus for necessary support during challenges

encountered with their cells and other assays
Exemplified expertise in advanced cell culture techniques, immunoassays, and animal studies
Lab manager for a large research group comprised of multiple laboratories, many laboratory personnel/students, and wide

range of instrumentation.
Actively supported and trained graduate students with regard to cell culture, various assays, instrumentation, animal

model techniques, harvesting tissues, plating and counting colony forming units (CFUs), and serial dilutions
Performed diverse roles throughout GLP studies, including quality assurance, document control, and laboratory facility

manager
Took full accountability for the overall document control, and attained designation as the laboratory facility manager

for GLP studies

IDAHO UROLOGIC INSTITUTE - MERIDIAN, ID
Laboratory Technician Feb 2004–Dec 2005
- Held responsibility in administering semen analysis, seminal washes for Intra-uterine insemination, and cryo-

preservation in accordance with GCP standards
- Presided over the implementation of urine analysis, clinical laboratory tests, and draw blood
- Exhibited keen attention to detail in ensuring accurate recording and reporting of test results
- Maintained coordination with patients with regard to the ordering of donor sperm, cryo-storage contracts, and monitoring

of cryo-storage of sperm
- Ensured the completion of inventory and all purchase supplies

EARLIER CAREER

IDX PATHOLOGY LABORATORY - BOISE, ID
Medical Laboratory Technician

PEAK PHYSICAL THERAPY - BOISE, ID
Medical Account Representative

RHAPSODY MANUFACTURING - BOISE, ID
Junior Chemist

IDAHO STATE POLICE FORENSIC SERVICES - MERIDIAN, ID
Laboratory Technician

UNIVERSITY OF NORTH TEXAS HEALTH SCIENCE CENTER - FORT WORTH, TX
Senior Research Assistant - Immunology/Micro Department
DNA Technologist I - Pathology Department
Research Assistant - Pharmacology Department

THE EYE CENTER - FORT WORTH, TX
Ophthalmic Assistant

HOWMEDICA SOUTH TEXAS - SAN ANTONIO, TX
Orthopedic Sales Representative

HYCIONE LABORATORIES, INC. - LOGAN, UT
Technical Sales Representative
Product Development Technician
Laboratory Assistant

EVANSTON VISION CLINIC - EVANSTON, WY
Assistant Office Manager

WILLOW CREEK VETERINARIAN CLINIC - SALT LAKE CITY, UT
Supervising Veterinarian Technician

UNIVERSITY OF TEXAS SOUTHWESTERN MEDICAL CENTER - DALLAS, TX
Animal Health Technician II

LUFKIN ZOO - LUFKIN, TX
Zookeeper

TRAINING

Society of Quality Assurance
QA professional fundamentals 101 Apr 2014
Hosting Client Audits in GxP environments Apr 2013
Archiving 101 – Whatever you need to know about GLP-compliant archives Apr 2012
Developing a GLP-compliant program in a university setting Mar 2011
Basic Training in Good Laboratory Practice (GLP) Apr 2010
Preparing for and hosting a GLP government audit Apr 2010

AFFILIATION

Society of Quality Assurance

AWARDS AND HONORS

Hero of the Week - UNTHSC for participating and leading the Values Blueprint Workshop Jun 2014
Employee of the Month - HyClone Labs Nov 1991

PUBLICATIONS

Jones, H.P., Tabor, L., Sun, X., Woolard, M., and Simecka, J.W., (2002). Depletion of CD8+ T cells exacerbates CD4+ Th cell-

associated inflammatory lesions during murine mycoplasma respiratory disease, Journal of Immunology., 168(7), 3493-501.
Sun, X., Jones, H.P., Tabor, L., Simecka, J., (2002). Co-expression of granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor with

antigen enhances humoral and tumor immunity after DNA vaccination, Vaccine, 31, 20(9-10), 1466-74.
Woolard, M.D., Hudig, D., Tabor, L., lvey, J.A., Simecka, J., (2005). NK Cells in gamma-interferon-deficient mice suppress lung

innate immunity against mycoplasma spp. Infect Immun., 73(10), 6742-51
Love, W, Dobbs N, Tabor, L, Simecka JW., (2010). Toll-like receptor 2 (TLR2) plays a major role in innate resistance in lung

against murine mycoplasma, PloS One. 5(5): e10739. doi:10.137/journal.pone.0010739

MEETING ABSTRACTS

Caldwell, V., Tabor, L., Kern, D., (1992). A Simplified Serum-free Powdered Insect Medium with Improved Performance

Characteristics and Multiple Cell Line Applicability. World Congress on Cell and Tissue Culture
Overheim, K.A., Tabor, L. Simecka, J.W., and Hart, M.E. (1999). Involvement of the Staphylococcus aureus global regulators (agr

and sar) in causing pneumonia in mice. Annual Meeting of the Texas branch of the American Society for Microbiology.
Jones, H.P., Tabor, L., and Simecka, J.W., (2000). In vitro activation of alveolar and peritoneal macrophages infected with

mycoplasma pulmonis, American Association of Immunologists meeting.
Simecka, J.W., Tabor, L., and Jones, H.P. (2000). T helper cell cytokines and mycoplasma respiratory disease in mice: Their

potential roles in pathogenesis of inflammatory lesions. 13th International Congress of the International Organization of

Mycoplasmology (IOM).
Overheim, K.A., Tabor, L., Simecka, J.W., and Hart, M.E. (2000). The Staphylococcus aureus global regulators (agr and sar)

promote severe pneumonia in mice. The 44th Annual Meeting of the Wind River Conference on Procaryotic Biology.
Jones, H.P., Tabor, L., Sun, X., and Simecka, J.W., (2001). T cell subsets and murine mycoplasma respiratory disease: Th1 and

CD8 +T cell activation is associated with pulmonary inflammatory lesions, American Association of Immunologists meeting.
Overheim, K.A., Simecka, J.W., Tabor, L., and Hart, M.E. (2001). The Staphylococcus aureus global regulators (agr and sar)

promote severe pneumonia in mice. 101st General Meeting of the American Society for Microbiology.
Sun, X., Hodge, L.M., Jones, H.P., Tabor, L., and Simecka, J.W. (2002). Granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor co-

expressed with immunogen in one vector provides better adjuvant effects in DNA vaccination. Annual Meeting of American

Association of Immunologists.
Woolard, MD, Hodge, LM, Tabor, L, Hudig, D. and Simecka, J.W. (2002). Gamma-interferon producing cells of the innate immune

system are critical in controlling mycoplasma growth within the lower respiratory tract of mice. 20th Texas Regional Immunology

Conference.
Cavanaugh, K, Tabor, L, Simecka, J.W. (2013). Good Laboratory Practice Training in a Hostile Environment (University

Setting).Society of Quality Assurance Annual Meeting

ACTIVITIES

- Initiated essential training for dogs and handlers with emphasis in obedience and dog agility
- Led the fostering of animals for local rescue
Contact this candidate