JAIMIE M. ROGAN
Address: ***** **** **** *****, ***********, Colorado 80234
Phone: 970-***-****
E-mail: acfqfd@r.postjobfree.com

Research Scientist

Highly skilled and analytical professional with solid education and five years of experience in all aspects of analytical and

bio-analytical chemical analysis, encompassing various laboratory techniques, such as LC-MS based proteomics techniques, protein

biochemistry, cell biology, and quantitative protein/peptide mass spectrometry. Possess expertise in research and analysis,

coupled with excellent laboratory skills, honed through years of experience working in a good laboratory practice (GLP)

environment. Demonstrate current good manufacturing practice (cGMP) knowledge, along with associated standard operating

procedures and qualifications.

AREAS OF EXPERTISE

Generic Pharmaceutical Analysis Mass Spectrometry
Enzyme-Linked Immunosorbent Assay (ELISA) Gel Electrophoresis
High-Performance Liquid Chromatography Tissue Extraction and Cell Culture
Ultraviolet Visible (UV-VIS) Spectroscopy Separation Sciences and Chromatography
Polymerase Chain Reaction (PCR) Antibody Screening Studies
Time-of-Flight Mass Spectrometry (TOF-MS) Aseptic Technique

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

ARRAY BIOPHARMA, Boulder, CO

Research Associate II 2011-2013

- Worked with the Drug Metabolism Team in completing all transporter work necessary for drug discovery
- Leveraged industry expertise in maintaining and testing two separate cell culture lines, ensuring accuracy of all

interpreted results, while conforming with the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) regulations in accomplishing follow-up testing

for lead compounds
- Regularly performed analysis using HPLC and mass spectrometry
- Provided continuous leadership to four to five different teams outside of the Drug Metabolism Department
- Conducted thorough investigation on the formulation effects on P-gp efflux and intrinsic permeability
- Produced and submitted updated Investigational New Drug (IND) reports to the FDA, which outlined results obtained on the

MDR1 LLC-PK1 testing
- Assumed an active role in maintaining an LC-MS instrument, including tuning of compounds on a Q trap MS

Notable Accomplishments:
- Oversaw the entire phase of MDR1 LLC-PK1 cell culture, transporter assay, data analysis, and result reporting for P-gp

mediated efflux and intrinsic permeability
- Headed the optimization of IC50 substrate and inhibitor testing for P-gp using quinidine as a replacement for digoxin to

reduce assay variability
- Proficiently handled the method development and validation of BCRP MDCK II cell line for a range of weak, moderate, and

strong substrates with presentation of the work to the DMPK Department
- Facilitated seminar for outside collaborators on the binning strategy for low, medium, and high intrinsic permeability

compounds
- Worked on the development of transporter homology table for five animals with all FDA and European Medicines Agency

(EMA) regulated transporters

SANDOZ, Broomfield, CO

Analytical Development Research Chemist 2009-2011

- Accurately identified the root cause for out of specification stability results by completing all necessary tests
- Gained understanding on cGMP in a pharmaceutical environment, including laboratory testing and data evaluation

Notable Accomplishments:
- Led efforts in establishing a solid foundation for pharmaceutical testing in a Food and Drug Administration (FDA)

regulated setting
- Applied dissolution, assay, and related compounds methods in analyzing process characterization samples and testing

stability for finished products

COLORADO STATE UNIVERSITY, Fort Collins, CO

Analytical Chemistry Research Assistant 2006-2009

- Performed comprehensive research on experimental design and analysis of proteins and antibodies for drug formulation,

along with time-of-flight (TOF) mass spectrometry imaging
- Examined the separation modes for lipidomics
- Served as a Chemistry teaching assistant with key tasks of facilitating Clinical Science laboratories
- Established a novel design for microchip fabrication

Notable Accomplishments:
- Improved the stability of therapeutic antibodies by determining excipient and pH combinations
- Determined both the solubility enhancing and decreasing additives by screening variety of excipients for two proprietary

antibodies under formulation

STEWART ENVIRONMENTAL CONSULTING, Fort Collins, CO

Laboratory Technician (Water Chemistry) 2005-2006

- Conducted tests to identify specific water contaminants in waste water
- Imparted knowledge to new employees on laboratory equipment and wet chemistry techniques

Notable Accomplishment:
- Received certification from the EPA for both chemical and microbial water testing

ANIMAL POPULATION HEALTH INSTITUTE, Fort Collins, CO

Laboratory Technician (Molecular Biology) 2002-2005

- Performed extraction of RNA from rat tissues for RT-PCR analysis, along with ELISA-based testing for Streptococcus equi

in horse sera and ELISA-based dot blot testing for chronic wasting disease surveillance

EDUCATION

Master of Science in Analytical Chemistry
COLORADO STATE UNIVERSITY, Fort Collins, CO
GPA 3.8

Bachelor of Science in Chemistry
COLORADO STATE UNIVERSITY, Fort Collins, CO
GPA 3.5

Bachelor of Science in Microbiology
COLORADO STATE UNIVERSITY, Fort Collins, CO
GPA 3.5

AWARDS AND HONORS

Procter and Gamble Fellowship
Agilent Technologies Scholarship
Aid Association for Lutherans (AAL) Scholarship
Mount Olive Lutheran Scholarship
Distinguished Scholar, COLORADO STATE UNIVERSITY, Fort Collins, CO
Natt N. Dodge Scholarship
News 4 Distinguished Scholar
Honor Student, COLORADO STATE UNIVERSITY, Fort Collins, CO

TECHNICAL SKILLS

Instruments Agilent 1200 LC with CTC PAL autosampler, Thermo 4000 Q Trap MS, Agilent 1100 LC, Waters Acquity LC, Agilent

1050 LC
Software Empower, Analyst, XLFit, ChemStation, Origin, MS Word, MS Excel, MS PowerPoint, Chromtech, Spotfire, Electronic

Lab Notebook

PUBLICATIONS

RESEARCH
Otten, J. Rogan, J., et al. (2012). Quinidine is a better probe substrate for assessment of in vitro P-glycoprotein inhibition

than digoxin. International Society for the Study of Xenobiotic (ISSX), Dallas, TX.

VanBuren, J. (2009). Self-interaction chromatography: A means to predict the physical stability of therapeutic antibodies.

Colorado State University, Fort Collins, CO.

JOURNAL
Noblitt, S., et. al. (2007). Integrated membrane filters for minimizing hydrodynamic flow and filtering in microfluidic devices.

Analytical Chemistry, 79(16), 6249 -6254.

PRESENTATIONS

VanBuren, J. (2008). Using self-interaction chromatography to determine the physical stability of antibodies. Pittcon, New

Orleans, LA.

VanBuren, J. (2008). Mass spectrometry imaging methods. Colorado State University Chemistry Research Seminar, Fort Collins, CO.

VanBuren, J. (2007). Using self-interaction chromatography to determine the physical stability of therapeutic proteins. Protein

Stability Conference, Breckenridge, CO.
Contact this candidate