Rupa Ghosh, PhD

Schaumburg, IL
E-mail: acg9ry@r.postjobfree.com
Phone: 215-***-****

Education

****- **** *** (Dept. of Biology - Neuroscience and Genetics)/NSF
Research Associate, Drexel University, Philadelphia, PA.
. Thesis: "Kismet-dependent regulation of glutamate
receptor clustering and synaptic transmission at the
Drosophila neuromuscular junction."

2009-2010 First year PhD Molecular Cell Biology (transferred)
. Molecular and Cell Biology, University of Massachusetts,
Amherst, MA

2006-2008 M.S. in Cell Biology and Biotechnology (Thesis option)
. University of the Sciences in Philadelphia, PA.

2002-2004 Master of Science Degree in Biotechnology
. Bangalore University, India.

. Graduated top 1% in the University.

1999-2002 B. Sc. with a dual major in Microbiology (Honors) and
Biochemistry
. St. Xavier's College (Autonomous), Mumbai, India.

Industry-Specific Skill Set

. Project Management and Optimization: Strategizing and conducting large-
scale experiments after disseminating information from vast data
aggregators and scientific literature in graduate school, I have
gained expertise in planning and execution of projects from start to
finish, troubleshooting and being flexible for the development of
alternate strategies.
. Leadership and Interpersonal skills: I have effectively mentored,
supervised and managed junior researchers in several research projects
in the last 10 years. I have taught students and engaged in successful
collaborations, and conducted meetings and group discussions.
Effectively managed our laboratory and managed the day-to-functions,
lab supplies pricing negotiation, purchasing, inventory management and
ensuring regulatory compliance.
. Data Collection and Analysis: My research work generated vast array of
data from imaging, molecular biology, behavioral and electrophysiology
experiments. From these, I gained expertise in qualitative and
statistical analysis of large data sets to make the appropriate
inferences.
. Technical Writing: Highly proficient in the preparation of manuscripts
for publication, research proposal, grant writing, development of
Standard Operating Procedure (SOP) documents, scientific posters for
presentation of data summary at national and local-level conferences.
. Presentation and Communication: In presenting my research findings in
seminars and conferences, I have learned to simplify complex findings
for large audience comprising of senior scientists and non-technical
audience.
. Staying abreast with latest Technological Advances in Life Sciences:
By actively staying ahead of the curve with the latest advances and
emerging issues in Life Sciences.

Independent Certificates of Completion

Certificates awarded with distinction, 2014
. Drug Development, Discovery and Commercialization (from University of
California, San Diego).
. Developing Life Cycle Strategic Plan of drugs
. Knowledge of drug discovery process and drug target science
from preclinical development to lead identification and
optimization, clinical development phases.
. Knowledge of market assessment, regulatory submissions,
patents, marketing, post-marketing analysis.

. Python Programming (from University of Michigan)

Certificates from Royal College of Physicians of the United Kingdom, 2014
. Pharmacovigilance's Global Regulatory Requirements
. Good Manufacturing Practices (GMP)
. Good Clinical Practices (GCP)

Scientific Research Outcomes

2010-2014 PhD in Biology (Neuroscience and Genetics) from Drexel
University, Philadelphia, PA.
. Took the initiative to understand the neuromuscular
junction (NMJ) system in fruit flies.

. Brought the above technology to the laboratory and educated
my peers on the experimental methodology and associated-
analytical methods.

. Successfully led the investigation of the role of the
chromatin remodeling protein-Kismet in the development of
NMJ synapses in a Drosophila disease model for CHARGE
syndrome (led to my first author publication).

. Successfully collaborated and contributed to the
understanding of Kismet in the glutamatergic learning and
memory circuit in the central nervous system of Drosophila
(co-author publication).

2008-2009 Research Specialist B at the University of Pennsylvania,
Philadelphia, PA.
. Successfully identified the molecular pathway activated by
Ciliary Neurotrophic Factor (under early phase Clinical
Trial) in canine models of normal and diseased retina.

. Augmented the understanding of inherited retinal diseases
by investigating molecular mechanisms of cell death and
survival in canine models.

2006-2008 Graduate Research Assistant at the University of the
Sciences in
Philadelphia, PA.
. Developed a safe-to-handle model for the identification of
molecular targets for screening of natural plant products
against Mycobacterium Tuberculosis.

. M.S. Thesis: "Analysis of proteasome genes, proteasome
associated and substrate genes in Mycobacterium
Tuberculosis H37Ra under nitrosative stress conditions".

. M.S. lab rotation:

o Cloning and expression of the GCD10-His6 tag fusion
protein in vector constructs under the regulatory
control of different promoters.

o Evaluation of the E.coli and yeast host expression
systems to optimize solubility of GCD10-His6 tag.

2005 Research and Development Officer at Food, Drugs and Chemicals
Pharmaceutical, Mumbai, India.
. Assisted in molecular biology experiments for
proprietary research projects.

Technical expertise

. Imaging and Microscopy: Multi-photon (Two-photon) microscopy,
Confocal microscopy, Epifluorescence microscopy, TIRF-FPALM. Live, in
vivo imaging in mouse and recombinant bacterial cells.

. Molecular Biology techniques: Nucleic acid extraction protocols,
complex PCR strategies, Quantitative real-time PCR, microarray,
developing other molecular assays, primer design, molecular cloning,
sequencing, protein expression, SDS-PAGE and western blotting.

. In vitro and in vivo techniques: Immunohistochemistry, assay
development and optimization, mammalian cell culture (rat pituitary-
GH3 cells, na ve SY5Y, HEK293 and NIH3T3), tissue sectioning, siRNA
transfections, cell-based assays (cell viability, kinase assays,
apoptosis assays, luminometric, lysozyme and Cathepsin B),
Radioimmunoassays, Microbiological techniques. Expert in Drosophila
genetics, larval body wall dissections for neuromuscular junction
analysis, larval and adult brain dissections and behavior. Drosophila
salivary gland dissection, MARCM technique, FLP-FRT system.

. In silico: Adept in using scientific softwares such as Vector NTI,
Quantity One, Image J etc. and Bioinformatics tools such as PDB,
CLUSTAL W, BLAST etc., spreadsheets, word processing, statistical
analysis.

Publications

. Rupa Ghosh, Hong Bao, Srikar Vegesna, Bing Zhang, Faith
Liebl and Daniel Marenda. Kismet-dependent regulation of
glutamate receptor clustering and synaptic transmission
at the Drosophila Neuromuscular Junction. (PLoS ONE
9(11): e113494. doi:10.1371/journal.pone.0113494).

Honors/Awards

2006-2007 Jacob Gelb Fellowship (competitive)
. Awarded by the Dean of the College of Graduate Studies,
USP.

2002 Graduated with Honors in Microbiology
(competitive)
. University of Mumbai, India.

1999-2002 Tuition grant from the Oil and Natural Gas
Corporation (competitive), India
. Awarded for academic excellence through high school and
undergraduate studies.
Contact this candidate