Leslie M. Perry, M.S.
**** ******** ***** **** *****, TX 76244 806-***-**** acp4xg@r.postjobfree.com

Recent master’s graduate seeking a career as a highly skilled Molecular microbiologist with expertise in problem solving and experimental design.
QUALIFICATIONS
Microbiologist, 5+ years
Expert in serial dilutions, micropipetting, preparation and sterilization of complex media, asceptic technique, bacterial isolation and maintainance, sub-culturing and screening
Bacterial transformation methods including natural competence, and preparation of chemically and electrically competent cells
Antibiotic susceptibility testing
Work with Biosafety Level I and II organisms
Molecular Biology Research Scientist, 5 years
Expert in PCR, organic and Qiagen® nucleic acid extraction and analysis, gel electrophoresis
Expert in gene expression analysis with qPCR including primer design
Created site-directed, expression, and random mutants (RD, Multisite Gateway®, TargeTron®, Plasposon), fluorescent reporter assays, beta-galactosidase reporter assays, blue-white bacterial screening
Attended workshop for Ion Torrent sequencing protocols, performed RNA Seq
Successfully performed protein extraction, affinity column (His-tag) protein purification, and Chemiluminescent Western blots for research project
Other Skills
BLAST, Clustal, String 9
Biostatistics using SAS and Excel, small amount in SPSS
Knowledge of handling biohazard, mutagenic, and hazardous organic wastes
Easy to get along with and ability to work independently and as a group
Development of lab qPCR manual and SOPs
Instruments used include UV-Vis spectrophotometer, plate readers, vortexes, water baths, heat blocks, single and multi-channel pipetters, nucleic acid electrophoresis (Bio-Rad, Lonza FlashGel™, Experion™), ChemiDoc™ Imager, MyiQ™ for real-time qPCR, thermocyclers, FastPrep®-24 homogenizer, Sonicators, Ion Torrent™ sequencing platform, XCell SureLock® mini-cell protein electrophoresis, iBlot® Dry Blot system, autoclaves, BSL II laminar flow hood, and microscopes (bright-field, fluorescent, confocal).
Certifications
Certification Exam in Radiation Safety, 2009
Microsoft Word & Excel, 2003
EDUCATION
Masters in Biochemistry & Molecular Biology, concentration in Microbiology
University of North Texas, Denton, TX (3.764/4.000 GPA), 8/2014
Thesis: Regulation of alternative sigma factors during oxidative and pH stresses in the phototroph Rhodopseudomonas palustris.
Bachelors of Science in Biochemistry
Texas Tech University (3.00/4.00 GPA), 8/2007
Research Project: β-lactam antibiotic inhibition by ssDNA in E. coli.
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
University of North Texas, Denton, TX 8/2008-4/2015
Microbiology Teaching Assistant
Created an exemplary learning experience for students by preparing cultures, experiments, and lectures for General Microbiology, Medical Bacteriology, and Food Microbiology Labs.
TA for a special introductory freshman laboratory to help the university become a Tier One research university. Instructed research-focused students in the scientific method by guiding them through their exploration and mastery of Molecular Biology techniques in Microbiology. The lab focused on creation of deletion and random mutants using PCR and Gateway® Technology.
Texas Tech University Museum Association, Lubbock, TX 10/2005 – 8/2008
Membership Assistant (part-time)
Hired as a Student Assistant to support the small non-profit organization by answering phones, writing quotes, preparing and mailing monthly newsletters, and entering new member details.
Promoted to Membership Assistant where duties added included data entry of association’s memberships, management of current organizational memberships and seasonal drives, assisted in production of Museum Galas and special events, responding to e-mails, and occasional cashiering in the Museum Shop.
Texas Tech University Health Sciences Center – Internal Medicine, Lubbock, TX 9/2003 – 6/2005
Student Assistant (part-time)
Enhanced efficiency in the department for faculty and patient through regular office work (mailing, copying, faxing, running charts, readying lab coats), completed project of scanning old resident files onto department’s electronic files.
Performed tasks not in job description such as transcribing physician cards, clearing research labs, off-site filing, setting and clearing faculty lunches for drug reps, paging residents and faculty, entering work hours for foreign residents.
Texas Tech University Health Sciences Center, Lubbock, TX 6/2003 – 8/2003
Volunteer
Checked in patients, took vitals, and sterilized equipment. Mail, copy, fax and running charts.
AFFILIATIONS
American Society for Microbiology (ASM)
UNT Society for Microbiology (UNTSFM)
PRESENTATIONS
2009 The ECF sigma-factor, RPA4225, is shown to be stimulated by pH and peroxide stresses in R. palustris. Oral Presentation (UNT Graduate Research Day) & Poster Presentation (ASM General Meeting)
2010 Transcriptional response of ECF sigma-factors to reactive oxygen species in R. palustris. Oral Presentation (UNT Graduate Research Day) & Poster Presentations (Texas Branch ASM, ASM General Meeting)
HONORS
2009 UNT Toulouse Travel Award, College of Arts and Sciences Travel Grant
2010 American Society for Microbiology Travel Grant Award
2010 UNT Graduate Summer Tuition Scholarship
2014 ASM Sponsored Member
Contact this candidate