RAKHEE SACHDEVA, Ph.D.
Phone: 678-***-****
Email: acrthk@r.postjobfree.com
Summary
Highly motivated research scientist with experience in conducting research in the field of Molecular biology, Immunology and Cell biology (HIV, Vaccines and Bladder Urothelium). Skilled in designing projects, collaborating and executing experiments, analyzing results and presenting data in lab meetings and conferences. Written research grants and papers for many prestigious publications.
Received patent: XDING-CD4 peptide – U.S. patent published Jan 16, 2014 (US 2014/0018288 A1).

Experience

NYU Medical Center, Department of Cell biology, New York, NY
Assistant Research Scientist (11/13-present)
Project: Uroplakin trafficking in urinary bladder umbrella cells
• Developed the bladder stretch assay
• Characterized the morphological and physiological properties of the urothelium from VAMP8 knockout mice
• Identified the binding partners of the vesicle SNARE protein (VAMP8)

Columbia University Medical Center, St. Luke’s-Roosevelt Institute for Health Sciences, Molecular Virology Division,
New York, NY
Assistant Research Scientist (05/13-10/2013)
Post-Doctoral Research Scientist (05/09-05/2013)
• Contributed to better understanding the biology of HIV-1 infection in human populations and mechanisms that restrict replication of virus in some individuals called Elite Controllers.
• Studied the mechanism of this particular HIV restriction via a novel antiviral mechanism mediated by the influx of soluble X-DING-CD4, its signaling to promote self-amplification, and functional duality as an endogenous innate immunity effector and exogenous factor regulating gene expression in bystander cells.
• Findings may put forth development of new therapeutic strategies and preventive measures to stop AIDS epidemic.

Postgraduate Institute of Medical Education and Research, Chandigarh, Virology Laboratory, National Institute of Immunology, New Delhi, India
Research Associate (11/08-04/2009)
Ph.D. - Molecular Microbiology/Parasite Immunology (01/04-10/2008)
Ph.D. Project: Development of parenteral and oral Poly-epitope and Gp63 DNA/protein vaccines against Visceral Leishmaniasis and determination of immunogenicity and protective efficacy of these vaccines alone or in combination in the experimental mouse model.
• Collaborated with research groups at JNU and NII
• Constructed DNA vaccine constructs, expressed GP63 recombinant protein for booster experiments, conducted all the animal experiments independently
• Designed, planned, executed experiments and analyzed data independently
• Presented the data in international meetings, written a research paper that resulted in a publication

M.S. - Medical Microbiology (06/01-07/2003)
Central Research Institute (Pasteur Institute), Kasauli, Govt. of India, Directorate General of Health Services, Ministry of Health and Family Affairs.
M.S. Project: Raising of hyperimmune sera in sheep against measles, mumps and rubella viruses for the potency estimation and cross reactivity of MR, MMR and Rubella vaccines.

Education
Postgraduate Institute of Medical Education and Research, Chandigarh, Virology Laboratory, National Institute of Immunology, New Delhi, India.
Ph.D. Biological Sciences (01/04-2009)

Central Research Institute (Pasteur Institute), Govt. of India, Directorate General of Health Services, Ministry of Health and Family Affairs. Kasauli, India.
M.S. - Medical Microbiology (06/01-07/2003)
Contact this candidate