David Pierce
***** *. ***** ***** **., Flat Rock, MI 48134
734-***-**** act6e6@r.postjobfree.com
ATTN: Potential Employer / Recruiter 3-30-16
Re: Research Scientist
Dear Sirs/ Madame:
Attached please find my resume for consideration for employment in the position as advertised. Currently I am pursuing a Masters of Science in Molecular Biotechnology from Wayne State University, Detroit, Mi., with graduation expected in August 2016. My current research in neurobiology involves investigating the mechanisms underlying axon growth and guidance in the model organism Drosophila melanogaster. This research requires utilizing a variety of molecular biology techniques including cloning, protein expression, and co-immunoprecipitation. As a graduate student I worked as a research assistant and also taught intro Bio 1510 laboratory (Basic Life Mechanisms) for three semesters. During my undergraduate education I conducted an experiment in gas-phase reaction kinetics using the refrigerant compound pentafluoropropylene. In this experiment I performed all trials and compiled all the data which was subsequently published in the Journal of Physical Chemistry, listing me as the sole co-author. In addition to my research towards my Master’s Degree I have many years of experience as an estimator and project coordinator for an architectural products manufacturing company. From this experience I have acquired exceptional communication, management, and organizational skills. My primary responsibilities were to research and present bids, provide specifications, negotiate contracts, and manage projects. I personally directed projects in the range of a few thousand to several hundred thousand dollars, with a total gross of well over one million per year for many consecutive years. In addition, I also routinely collaborated with others in constructing bids and managing projects worth well over a million.
From my education, research and management experience, I have acquired a unique and versatile skill set. These skills allow me to prioritize, cooperate, and work with others in order to achieve a common goal, make a positive impact, and contribute to the success of your company. Sincerely Yours,
David Pierce
David Pierce
25916 E. Huron River Dr Flat Rock, Mi 48134 734-***-**** act6e6@r.postjobfree.com Page 2
Objective In pursuit of a successful and rewarding career through the application of my education and professional skills obtained from my studies in Biochemistry and Molecular Biotechnology, and over 20 years of business operations and management. My education in these scientific disciplines has given me the ability to critically analyze almost any information or situation, and apply this critique and analysis in making informed decisions and charting directions. In addition to my education, I have many years of experience in the areas of estimating, contract negotiations, sales, project coordination and business-to-business service. I have an acquired unique and versatile skill set that can be applied to a variety of situations in order to solve problems, provide effective solutions, increase efficiency and maintain focus on the established goals to enhance the bottom line.
Education WAYNE STATE UNIVERSITY (GPA 3.52, current) DETROIT, MI Masters of Science in Molecular Biotechnology (expected) August 2016 UNIVERSITY OF MICHIGAN (GPA 3.43 - with Distinction) DEARBORN, MI Bachelor of Science in Biochemistry / minor Chemistry April 2014 HENRY FORD COMMUNITY COLLEGE (GPA 3.84) DEARBORN, MI Associates of Science in Environmental Studies and Biology Dec. 2010 Publications Study of the Thermodynamics (Thermal and Cl Catalyzed) and Kinetics of the Cis and Trans Isomerizations of CF3CF CHF, CF3CH CHCF3, and CH3CH CHCH3 in 100–950 Torr of N2 Diluent at 296–875 K: Effect of F and CF3 Substitution on the Isomerization Process Including the Fluorine “Cis Effect” E. W. Kaiser and David S. Pierce. The Journal of Physical Chemistry A 2015 119 (34), 9000-9017 DOI: 10.1021/acs.jpca.5b06265
Professional Experience/Employment History INSTRUCTOR, TEACHING ASSISTANT: NEUROBIOLOGY LABORATORY RESEARCH ASSISTANT WAYNE STATE UNIVERSITY: 2014 – PRESENT
SALES, ESTIMATOR & PROJECT COORDINATOR -- 2002 - 2010 INTEGRATED INTERIORS INC. - WARREN, MI
Produced sales in excess of $1,000,000 in six consecutive years.
Developed client relationships, estimated jobs and presented bids and negotiated contracts.
Provided specifications and made recommendations to architects and design professionals.
Managed all project drawings, submittals, scheduling and billing for projects under my direction. OWNER / OPERATOR -- 1991 - 2002
PIERCE CONTRACTING, INC. – FLAT ROCK, MI
Funded, scheduled, sourced materials and executed builds and upgrades for residential and commercial projects
Responsible for daily operations, payroll records and oversight of up to 10 employees. Skills Summary
American Institute of
Architects form submissions
Proposal and contract
preparation
Estimating and budgeting
Scheduling and project
management
Sales and marketing
Biochemistry applications
Professional presentations
Scientific methods and
general laboratory practice
Contact this candidate