CARISSA L. JACKSON
C: 404-***-**** acvnxu@r.postjobfree.com
Summary
A highly competent, detail oriented, professional and driven scientist with about 4 years practical laboratory experience in biology/biotechnology research, practices and techniques, with 4 scientific publications. Contributes to teams exceptionally well through collaborative efforts, self-motivation, and desire to increase knowledge and contribute to science and increased quality of human life through research.

Skills
Techniques:

Agrobacterium - mediated genetic transformation Bacterial transformation Competent cell preparation Histology Comet assay RNA isolation RT-PCR Electrophoresis (Agarose and SDS PAGE) Western blotting MTT assay Media preparation Cell culture and cell harvesting Tissue culture General laboratory techniques

Equipment:

Nano Drop UV-Vis. Spectrophotometer ND-1000 Laminar Flow Hood Microtome (manual)
Embedding machine BioTek Synergy HT plate reader Nexcelom Cellometer Vision automated cell counter Bio-Rad i-Cycler (96 samples) BioRad Trans-Blot SD Semi-Dry Transfer Cell Olympus inverted microscope with Olympus and Q-Imaging microscope cameras Leica microscopes and cameras Gel documentation systems Autoclave (manual and automated) General cellular biology lab equipment

Personal:

Productive scientist (4 publications) Collaborative and cooperative team member Disciplined Analytical Meticulous Self-motivated Knowledge-driven Result-driven Technology savvy Organized

Education

Master of Science, Biotechnology 2016 Fort Valley State University - Fort Valley, GA, USA

Bachelor of Science, Biology 2011 Albany State University - Albany, GA, USA

Experience
Research Assistant Aug 2014 to July 2016 Fort Valley State University - Fort Valley, GA

Performed genetic transformation studies of selected species of a medical genus, Scutellaria. Related skills include: Agrobacterium tumefaciens - mediated transformation, transformation of E.coli and Agrobacterium tumefaciens, PCR, Scanning electron microscopy preparation, histology, plant tissue culture, bacterial culturing, experiment design, and data collection, organization, and analysis. Worked with team members to perform research and produce two published scientific articles.
Research Assistant May 2011 to Dec 2012, April 2014 to August 2014 Albany State University - Albany, GA
Breast Cancer Research funded through The National Institutes of Health. Used MCF-10A cultures to study effects of curcumin on a present carcinogen, PhIP. Related skills included: RNA isolation, c-DNA synthesis, RT-PCR, Southern blot, gel electrophoresis, comet assay, and data collection and analysis. Worked with team members to perform research and produce two published scientific articles.
Thesis/Dissertation
Thesis: "Genetic Transformation Studies to Facilitate Metabolic Engineering in the Genus Scutellaria" uses Agrobacterium tumefaciens to introduce a transcription factor used to upregulate the production of secondary metabolites in selected Scutellaria species. Purposed to identify potential species of the genus Scutellaria and produce an elite medicinal variety with greater pharmaceutical and economical value.
Publications
Scientific Articles:
Vaidya, B. N., Jackson, C. L., Perry, Z. D., Dhekney, S. A., & Joshee, N. Agrobacterium-mediated transformation of thin cell layer explants of Scutellaria ocmulgee. Plant Cell, Tissue and Organ Culture (PCTOC), 1-13.
Croom, L. A., Jackson, C. L., Vaidya, B. N., Parajuli, P., & Joshee, N. (2016). Thin Cell Layer (TCL) Culture System for Herbal Biomass Production and Genetic Transformation of Bacopa monnieri L. Wettst. American Journal of Plant Sciences, 7(08), 1232.
Jain, A., Samykutty, A., Jackson, C., Browning, D., Bollag, W. B., Thangaraju, M., Takahashi, S & Singh, S. R. (2015). Curcumin inhibits PhIP induced cytotoxicity in breast epithelial cells through multiple molecular targets. Cancer letters, 365(1), 122-131.
Jain, A. K., Samykutty, A., Jackson, C. L., Thangaraju, M., & Browning, D. D. (2014). Curcumin inhibit PhIP induced cytotoxicity by inhibiting ROS production, DNA strand breaks and DNA adducts formation in MCF 10A cells. Cancer Research, 74(19 Supplement), 4106-4106.
Presentations:
“The effects of the antioxidant, gingerol (10), on PhIP induced carcinogenesis in MCF 10A cells” Georgia Academy of Science. Kennesaw State University, Kennesaw GA, March 2012 Curtis L. Parker Symposium. Morehouse School of Medicine, Atlanta, GA, February 2012
Albany State University STEM Conference. Albany, GA, October 2011
Affiliations
Sigma Alpha Pi, the National Society for Leadership and Success - Fall 2008
Contact this candidate