Alan Yao
● 206-***-**** ●Email: acwy33@r.postjobfree.com●LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/alan-yao-39661452

SUMMARY
Staff scientist for five years, conducting basic research on air-water gas transfer, aligning optics and using laser scan through liquid explosive on different material surface to observe spectra, and applied research developing a solid-state electronic sensor for detecting trace levels of explosives in the gas phase. Position provided experience applying techniques and theories learned in my undergraduate studies to real-world problems.
SKILLS
Laboratory setup
Time management
Fluent Mandarin
LabVIEW, MATLAB, and Microsoft Office (Excel, Word, and PowerPoint)
EDUCATION
Bachelor of Science in Physics Class of 2011
University of Washington, Seattle, WA
EXPERIENCE
Research Scientist/Engineer 2 February, 2013 – February, 2016
University of Washington Applied Physics Lab, Air-Sea Interaction and Remote Sensing Dept., Seattle, WA
Operating and maintaining solid-state and ion lasers.
Designing, assembling, and testing optical instrumentation.
Calibrate laboratory equipment.
Hand drawing schematic diagram.
Infrared and laser spectroscopic methods.
Field and laboratory experimental methods data collection and data processing using LabVIEW.
Image processing using MATLAB.
Analyzing data with Microsoft Excel.
Operating various laboratory instruments, such as oscilloscopes, analog data acquisition, digital I/O, logic analyzer, power supply, and multi-meters, etc.
Assisting to construct a prototype handheld detector device.
Soldering and wiring the circuit board.
Write instruction manual and experimental procedure for how to use instrument and run experiment.
Physicist I April 2011 – January 2013
University of Washington Applied Physics Lab, Air-Sea Interaction and Remote Sensing Dept., Seattle, WA
Record experimental data and perform QA/QC to ensure accuracy and precision.
Analyze experimental data to compare with theoretical values and test hypotheses.
Track process control variables (pH, gas concentrations, water temperature, and wind speed) during experiments.
Use gas chromatography to measure dissolved gas concentrations.
Align optics for argon-ion laser and CO2 laser used during experiments.
Collecting and validating vibration sum-frequency spectroscopic data and performing field and laboratory experiments in chemical and physical oceanography.
Working knowledge of data collection and data processing using programs such as LabVIEW and Excel on Windows-based personal computers.
Operate basic electronic test instruments (e.g., oscilloscopes, DVMs, lock-in amplifiers), chemical analytical techniques (pH measurement, gas chromatography)

Research Assistant June 2010 - December 2010
University of Washington, Physics Department, Seattle, WA
Maintain lab instrument.
Making tip for photo scanner (photo electric etching).
Using pulse laser to prepare film.
Contact this candidate