**/**** ** **/****
Otta, Nigeria
GOODNESS BANKOLE
Summary
Biological Scientist versed in biochemical and molecular biology techniques and assays, organizing, writing and editing detailed reports and research papers. Proficient in Microsoft programs. Exceptional communicator who works well on diverse teams.
Highlights
DNA/RNA isolation expert
Western blotting
Expert in data analysis
Leader in data presentation
Experimental design
Nucleic acids isolation
Sample collection
Effective multitasking
Accomplishments
Received the most efficient intern award from the National Agency for Food and Drug Administration and Control
(NAFDAC).
Published articles in several high impact journals such as the FASEB journal and Immunopharmacology and Immunotoxicology.
Presented at renowned scientific conferences such as the Experimental Biology conference (EB). Member of several scientific organizations.
Supervised undergraduate and fellow graduate students' research work in the molecular biology laboratory. Experience
Research Assistant
Covenant University
Cared for laboratory animals per ethical guidelines. Collected, labeled and stored information and samples such as blood, organs etc. properly. Extracted and analyzed nucleic acids (DNA, RNA) and proteins. Prepared reports and recommendations based upon research outcomes. Analyzed experimental data and interpreted results using statistical tools. Actively engaged in troubleshooting.
Shared research findings by writing scientific articles and making presentations at scientific conferences. Developed and executed tests to detect diseases, genetic disorders or other abnormalities. Studied mutations in cells that lead to cancer and other diseases. Studied chemical effects of substances such as drugs, serums, hormones and food on tissues and vital processes.
Investigated the nature, composition and expression of genes, and how genetic engineering can impact those processes.
2322 sunset bluff dr, Jacksonville, florida 32216 C: 619-***-**** acxq3d@r.postjobfree.com 09/2012 to 08/2013
Lagos, Nigeria
01/2011 to 07/2011
Lagos, Nigeria
2015
Otta, Ogun, Nigeria
2012
Otta, Ogun, Nigeria
Supervised undergraduate and graduate students' research work. Examined the molecular and chemical aspects of immune system functioning. Chemistry Teacher
Federal Science and Technical College
Prepared course materials such as syllabi, homework assignments and handouts. Evaluated and graded students' class work, laboratory performance, assignments and papers. Maintained student attendance records, grades, and other required records. Initiated, facilitated and moderated classroom discussions. Supervised students' laboratory work.
Compiled, administered and graded examinations.
Research Intern
National Agency for Food and Drug Administration and Control Collected information and samples and conducted research and experiments using a wide range of laboratory equipments such as mass spectrometers, HPLC etc to evaluate the quantity, quality and chemical substances n food or other products.
Analyzed experimental data and interpreted results to write reports and summaries of findings. Kept detailed logs of all work related activities
Cleaned, maintained and prepared supplies and work areas. Actively engaged in troubleshooting
Education
Master of Science: Biochemistry
Covenant University
M.Sc Thesis: Epigenetic effects of hesperidin on lipopolysaccharide induced endotoxemia in a murine model. Bachelor of Science: Biochemistry
Covenant University
Contact this candidate