YARITZA M. SANCHEZ GIL
Bridge st, Phoenixville, PA 19460 785-***-**** acz5si@r.postjobfree.com
Qualifications Summary
Chemical Engineer specialized in bioprocess engineering, interested in the area of biopolymers, their physico- chemical, and functional properties, and their industrial applications. With 7+ years of experience working in laboratories as a researcher and supervisor, with strong hands-on research, engineering, problem solving, communication and instrumentation skills, familiar with DSC, TGA, rheometers, SEM, TEM, FTIR, CHNS, HPLC. Capable of conducting self-managed and team-based projects, analyzing data and developing creative solutions. Fluent in English and Spanish.
Education
Completed first semester coursework of PhD in Biosystems and Agricultural Engineering Fall 2016 Area of interes: protein chemistry and characterization GPA: 3.5/4.0 University of Kentucky, Lexington, Kentucky
M.S. in Biological and Agricultural Engineering May 2014 Kansas State University, Manhattan, Kansas GPA: 4.0/4.0 B.S. in Chemical Engineering June 2005
National University of Colombia, Medellin, Colombia GPA: 3.8/5.0 Professional Experience
Research Assistant November 2014 – May 2016
Kansas Environmental Management Associates, KLA Environmental Services Manhattan, Kansas
Collaborated on a multidisciplinary team of researchers on the experimental stage of a project to convert phosphorus into a commercial product from ethanol streams with bench-scale batch reactor and pilot-scale continuous fed-batch reactor.
Conducted chemical tests to determine magnesium and phosphorus content by spectrophotometry.
Measured viscosity of ethanol co-product streams.
Provided feedback regarding design options for reactor and separation units.
Analyzed and processed project results and planned forthcoming experiments. Research Intern May 2014 – October 2014
Zangger Popcorn Hybrids North Loup, Nebraska
Identified antioxidants content in popcorn seeds
Analyzed physical properties of popcorn seeds by spectral imaging
Assisted foundation seed management and nursery of popcorn crops Graduate Research Assistant August 2012 – May 2014 Kansas State University, Department of Biological and Agricultural Engineering Manhattan, Kansas
Characterized plant polysaccharides in order to predict potential industrial applications
Analyzed physicochemical properties of polysaccharides by CHNS/O elemental analyzer, FTIR spectroscopy, thermal gravimetric analysis, differential scanning calorimetry, scanning and transmission electron microscopy
Measured visco-elasticity of mixtures at different polysaccharide ratios by using rheometer. Technical Laboratory Director and Management Assistant February 2006 - June 2012 Leather and Footwear Testing Laboratory, National Service of Learning Itagui, Colombia
Managed and coordinated administrative, technical and operational functions
Evaluated outcomes of processes, services, and products to identify and implement improvements
Ensured compliance to ISO 17025 and AOAC International standards
Developed, established, and oversaw company standards
Led workshops to train up to 70 staff members including the board of directors
Coordinated the footwear manufacture technologist program
Developed curriculum and served on thesis defense committees Certifications and Technical Skills
Diploma in ISO/IEC 17025:2005 ““General requirements for the competence of testing and calibration laboratories”
Use of spectral imaging in quality control in agriculture, bioprocessing, and consumer products
Laboratory experience with DSC, FTIR, TEM, TGA, SEM, rheometry, spectroscopy
Carbohydrate nutrition - Ingredient functionality - Rheology - Cereal science - Bioprocessing - Bio-based product development - Technical report writing - Design of experiment for process/product quality and improvement - Project cycle management - Statistical analysis - Communication.
Contact this candidate