Amarilis Perez, M.S.
East Haven, CT *****
C: 860-***-****
acz8n0@r.postjobfree.com

SUMMARY

Highly organized research professional with experience working in a clinical laboratory and pharmaceutical setting. Skilled in Molecular Biology Techniques, High Throughput Assay Screening, Cell Culture, Project Management, Quality Control, Database Management, and Data Analysis.

RESEARCH EXPERIENCE

Bristol-Myers Squibb
5 Research Parkway, Wallingford, CT July 2016 – present
Research Scientist
-Responsible for executing plate and cell based assays used to assess ADME properties of biologic compounds using high throughput automation systems. Assays include Protein Binding and CACO-2 Assays.
Protein Binding Assay – asses the free fraction values for compounds in Serum of various species or in Human Liver Microsomes (HLM). Using the rapid equilibrium dialysis (RED) device, compounds are diluted in full serum and incubated. After the reaction reaches equilibrium, samples are collected and mass spectrometry is used to quantify the relative amount of test compound in each chamber and estimate percent recovery.
CACO-2 Assays – model the absorption and drug transport properties of the human intestinal epithelium. Asses the oral bioavailability of compounds, evaluate intestinal permeability, and identify potential substrate or inhibitor activity that may contribute to drug-drug interactions.
-Maintain clear, thorough notes to track experiments and document experimental methods, data, and results using an electronic notebook software (E-Notebook).
-Perform cell culture on CACO-2 (human colon adenocarcinoma) cells. This includes sub-culturing, flask maintenance, growth media preparation, seeding and plating of the cells onto transwell plates.
-Monitor and maintain clean room cell storage system. This includes keeping media, water, and ethanol at appropriate levels, changing waste bins, and troubleshooting system if needed.
-Perform weekly inventory to asses laboratory needs and replenish supplies.
-Contribute to and update existing and new protocols and SOPs.

Wren Laboratories, LLC July 2015 – July 2016
35 NE Industrial Road, Branford, CT
Laboratory Technician and Supervisor

-Tracked and performed experiments on clinical whole blood samples while maintaining HIPAA and CLIA compliance. The assays included blood and tissue based RNA isolation, cDNA synthesis, qRT-PCR, and ELISA.
-Performed basic troubleshooting on manufacturing process issues and laboratory equipment.
-Obtained experimental results, analyzed data, and generated reports using Microsoft Office Products, MATLAB, CLIN-1, and GraphPad Prism.
-Reviewed and modified existing protocols and managed all CLIA based paperwork and documentation.
-Maintained laboratory inventory and purchased materials as needed.
-Ran monthly QA/QC meetings to assess and solve any issues in the laboratory, asses the quality of clinical testing specimens and controls, address equipment maintenance and any protocol/policy updates.
-Trained employees in laboratory standards and safety procedures.

EDUCATION

Quinnipiac University Jan 2013 – Jan 2015
Master of Science degree in Molecular and Cell Biology

Central Connecticut State University Jan 2005 - May 2009
Bachelor of Science in Biomolecular Science
Notable experience there included part time employment working as a Mentor supervising and training high school students in research laboratory techniques and procedures. The students learned how to work with mouse models and performed experiments which included DNA isolation and purification, Polymerase Chain Reaction (PCR), and Electrophoresis.

SKILLS AND TECHNIQUES

RNA/DNA Isolation
Cell Culture
Working with Mice
cDNA Synthesis
Electrophoresis
High Throughput Screening
PCR/qRT-PCR
Protein Binding
Microsoft Office
ELISA
CACO-2 Assays
Data Analysis

ADDITIONAL EXPERIENCE

New Britain High School Feb 2004 – July 2015
110 Mill Street, New Britain, CT
Administrative Secretary 1 – Special Education Department
Performed administrative and secretarial duties for the Special Education department.
Managed budget, department expenditures and education grants.
Acted as liaison between the high school Special Education supervisor and external agencies, departments and resources.
Managed and maintained confidential Special Education records across a variety of storage media.
Assisted visitors, handled daily inquiries via phone, email and mail.
Interacted with and supervised special needs students assigned to assist with routine office work.
Utilized a variety of computer programs and software, to generate and interpret data in order to prepare reports and create presentations.
Oversaw and developed instruction for paraeducators in monthly professional development.
Trained support personnel in the use of new and existing computer information management systems.

American Red Cross
209 Farmington Ave, Farmington, CT 2000 – 2004

Product Management Technician
Responsible for the distribution of blood products and its derivatives to consumers. This included evaluating product requests, receiving and recording calls, preparing blood product distribution invoices and determining the mode of delivery.
Issued blood products, ensuring all products were maintained in appropriate shipping containers and temperatures and all duties were performed in compliance with the Code of Federal Regulations, ARC regulations and department procedures.
Examined, recorded, and determined the final disposition of returned and transferred blood products.
Ran daily inventory reports to assess product replacement needs, balance inventory boards and resolve any discrepancies.
Monitored blood production and storage facilities throughout the building using a Central Alarm Monitoring System. This required knowing where each temperature probe was located, the acceptable temperature ranges, and alternate storage locations.

American Red Cross

Component Laboratory Technician 2000 – 2002
Focused on the production of primary components from whole blood, including separation of components through centrifugation, database entry, labeling and proper storage.
Tracked component production by running daily reports on the CDIS database.
Performed Quality Control (QC), preventive maintenance and validated laboratory equipment as needed.
Submitted QC for blood units on a monthly basis.
Contact this candidate