Yifei Wang, Ph.D.
Rutgers, The State University of New Jersey
Department of Plant Biology, Foran Hall
** ****** **., *** *********, NJ, 08901
732-***-****
acz897@r.postjobfree.com
Highly motivated and innovative biologist and analytical chemist with specialization in extraction, characterization and bioactivity evaluation of natural products. Expertise in HPLC and LC-MS method development and analysis, mammalian cell culture and bioassays. Passionate about learning new scientific skills. Enthusiastic team player adept at providing leadership while also learning from fellow team members. Seeking a research and development position in food, nutraceutical or pharmaceutical industry.
EDUCATION
Rutgers University, The State University of New Jersey 2010-2016
PhD Plant Biology, Thesis: “Cranberry Flavonoids: Characterization, Occurrence, Anti-Cancer Property and Bioavailability”.
Lanzhou University, China 2006-2010
BS Biotechnology
SPECIALTIES
Seven-year research experience in chemical characterization and human health beneficial activity of plant natural products.
Expertise in HPLC and LC-MS method development, optimization and analysis.
Expertise in extraction, isolation and purification of bioactive natural products from different plant tissues/organs.
Expertise in biological sample (urine/plasma) preparation, extraction and analysis.
Experienced in development and perform multiple bioassays using tissue culture samples. Proficiency in mammalian cell culture and biochemical techniques including western blotting, ELISA, PCR, flow cytometry, fluorescence microscopy etc.
Experienced in leading small research group.
WORKING EXPERIENCE
Postdoctoral Associate, Rutgers University 2016-present
Providing technical expertise in the area of natural product chemistry and medicinal chemistry. Coordinate all aspects of natural product projects, including isolation and purification of individual A-type and B-type proanthocyanidin oligomers and polymers from cranberry or cocoa, characterization and quantification of polyphenols (proanthocyanidins, anthocyanins, flavonols) and organic acids from cranberry and blueberry cultivars.
Investigating the health beneficial effect of cranberry polyphenols on metabolic disorders using 3T3-L1 model cells.
Providing instruction and supervision of undergraduate students involved with lab research projects.
Research Assistant, Rutgers University 2013-2016
Developed HPLC, LC-MS and LC-MS/MS analytical methodologies for the analysis of cranberry and blueberry natural products (polyphenols, organic acids) and their metabolites in plant tissues, mammalian cell cultures and human biological samples (blood plasma and urine).
Characterized major cranberry flavonol glycosides using UHPLC-LC-MS/MS in urine samples of human subjects following cranberry juice consumption, validated the bioavailability of these bioactive natural products in human body.
Investigated the anti-cancer properties of individual cranberry polyphenols via SKOV-3 and OVCAR-8 ovarian cancer model cells using multiple bioassays such as cell viability and apoptosis evaluation, flow cytometry, fluorescence microscopy and immunoblot.
Systemically evaluated multiple methodologies (colorimetric, HPLC) used in the food industry for quantification of dietary proanthocyanidins, with specific focus on the limitation, accuracy and potential improvement of each analytical approaches.
Teaching Assistant, Rutgers University 2011-2013
Taught experimental courses of biochemistry, principle of botany and plant genetics. TECHNICAL SKILLS
Analytical Chemistry:
HPLC analysis and method development: experienced in multiple types of HPLC hardware and software, such as:
o Dionex Ultimate 3000 UHPLC system with PDA detector, Chromeleon software. o Waters HPLC system consisting of Delta 600 series analytical/semi-prepare pump, R.I. and PDA detector with Empower Pro software.
o Waters Alliance HPLC system with PDA and Fluorescence detectors, Empower 3 software.
LC-MS-MS analysis and method development. Experienced in API-3000 Mass spectrometer
(Triple quad LC-MS-MS) with Analyst software.
Extraction, purification and isolation of plant natural products using gravity column chromatography, thin-layer chromatography and preparative HPLC.
Extraction and analysis of biological samples, including cultured mammalian cells, human blood plasma and urine.
Cellular and Molecular Biology:
Mammalian cell culture of human and animal cells.
In vitro bioassays for bioactivity evaluation of natural products, such as gel electrophoresis, westernblot, PCR, flow cytometry and fluorescence microscopy.
Pharmacokinetic studies on natural products and their metabolites. Other Skills:
Preparing, submitting and managing scientific reports and grant proposals.
Statistical analysis using SAS, SPSS software.
AWARDS
Albert Fellows Graduate Excellence Fellowship 2010 For admitted graduate school applicant with excellent academic records.
Robert T. Rosen Scholarship 2015-2016
For graduate student doing outstanding research in the area of nutraceutical sciences. SELECTED PUBLICATIONS
1. Wang, Y., Singh, A. P., Nelson, H. N., Kaiser, A. J., Reker, N. C., Hooks, T. L., ... & Vorsa, N.
(2016). Urinary Clearance of Cranberry Flavonol Glycosides in Humans. Journal of Agricultural and Food Chemistry.
2. Wang, Y., Singh, A., Hurst, W. J., Glinski, J. A., Koo, H., & Vorsa, N. (2016). Influence of Degree-of-Polymerization and Linkage on the Quantification of Proanthocyanidins using 4-Dimethylaminocinamaldehyde (DMAC) Assay. Journal of Agricultural and Food Chemistry. 3. Wang, Y., Han, A., Chen, E., Singh, R. K., Chichester, C. O., Moore, R. G., ... & Vorsa, N. (2015). The cranberry flavonoids PAC DP-9 and quercetin aglycone induce cytotoxicity and cell cycle arrest and increase cisplatin sensitivity in ovarian cancer cells. International journal of oncology, 46(5), 1924-1934.
4. Tadych, M., Vorsa, N., Wang, Y., Bergen, M. S., Johnson-Cicalese, J., Polashock, J. J., & White Jr, J. F. (2015). Interactions between cranberries and fungi: the proposed function of organic acids in virulence suppression of fruit rot fungi. Frontiers in microbiology, 6. 5. Kim, D., Hwang, G., Liu, Y., Wang, Y., Singh, A. P., Vorsa, N., & Koo, H. (2015). Cranberry Flavonoids Modulate Cariogenic Properties of Mixed-Species Biofilm through Exopolysaccharides-Matrix Disruption. PloS one, 10(12), e0145844. 6. Ambrose, K. V., Tian, Z., Wang, Y., Smith, J., Zylstra, G., Huang, B., & Belanger, F. C. (2015). Functional characterization of salicylate hydroxylase from the fungal endophyte Epichloë festucae. Scientific reports, 5.
Contact this candidate