JeanMarie Calvillo, Ph.D.

**** ********* ***** *** ******, WA 98335 971-***-**** ad01cn@r.postjobfree.com

Laboratory Expertise
Environmental microbiologist with 20 years of experience.
Extensive training in environmental microbiology and water quality.
Broad knowledge of geomicrobiological and chemical laboratory techniques, including Hach chemical testing kits, spectrophotometry, scanning and transmission electron microscopy (SEM/TEM), confocal and light microscopy.
Extensive experience with methanogens and ruminants using anaerobic microbiological techniques, anaerobic glove boxes, and media for strict anaerobes.
Adept at microscopy, detection, and identification of unknowns using routine microbiological methods. Capable of designing novel methods to detect microorganisms in mixed cultures.
Molecular techniques including recombinant DNA, RT-PCR, gel electrophoresis, nucleic acid purification, NGS.
Extraction and cultivation of microorganisms from soil samples.
Extraction of organics (such as polychlorinated biphenyls [PCBs]), flame absorption atomic spectroscopy (FAAS) heavy metal analysis.
Familiar with software tools including Microsoft Excel, Word, Adobe Acrobat, GIS, Prism, and Python.
Comfortable with the microscopic identification of fungi, protozoa, and bacteria.
Familiar with running analytical instruments including gas chromatograph (GC) and high pressure liquid chromatography (HPLC).
Research experience working directly with soil and water microbial consortia, enrichment cultures, bioremediation, environmental chemistry, and ELISA assays and flow cytometry.
Mastery of environmental testing methods, including Standard Drinking Water Methods from 9000 Microbiological Examination of Water and WasteWater: Alkalinity, Hardness, TOD, TDS, TSS, Oxidation-Reduction Potential, Chromium (colorimetric method), Ion Chromatographic method, Fluoride, pH Value, Nitrogen (nitrate), Oxygen (dissolved), Sulfide/Sulfite, BOD, COD, TOC, 9225 A-E (differentiation of coliform bacteria).
Successful in designing and evaluating bioreactors for groundwater clean-up and biocidal testing.

Recent Work Experience

Research Mirobiologist - Civil and Environmetal Engineering, University of Washington Oct. 2021-Aug. 2022

Research Scientist – Aerobic and anaerobic microbiological techniques, microscopy,
media preparation and research project development with bioreactors and microsensors.
Working with cell count techniques, gas chromatography and spectrophotometry.
Biochemical and microbiological identification of microorganisms and their metabolic
processes in the nitrogen cycle. Worked with bioinformatic databases and applied
bioinformatic tools (such as BLAST, and sequence alignment), Excel and other related
software tools are used for analysis of data.

Freelance Patent Consultant - From Home Office, Gig Harbor, WA Feb 2020 -Aug. 2021
Patent support services
Educational services for microbiology and environmental topics

Microbiologist – U.S. Army (Joint Base Lewis-McCord, WA) June 2018 - Jan 2020
Detection and analysis of vector-borne diseases using techniques of RT-PCR, biochemistry, molecular biology, and microbiology.
Performed RT-PCR using a variety of high throughput platforms by Taqman, Qiagen and Applied Biosystems.
Applied traditional PCR using Invitrogen gel electrophoresis products.
Trained with Army personnel on Illumina MiSeq DNA, and MinIon portable sequencers.

Microbiologist – Avocet Environmental Testing (Bellingham, WA) 2016
Conducted drinking water analysis according to 9000 Microbiological Examination of Water and WasteWater: heterotrophic plate counts, MPN, fecal coliforms (membrane filtration), total coliforms, E. coli, iron and hydrogen sulfide producing bacteria, 9225 A-E (differentiation of coliform bacteria), multiple tube fermentation, Presence-Absence Coliform Testing, Heterotrophic Plate Count, Colilert®, Colisure®, mColiBlue®, Colitag®, and Quantitray procedures.

Patent Examiner – U.S. Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO) (Alexandria, VA) Nov 2012 – June 2018
Examined >1000 patent applications in organic chemistry, toxicology, pharmaceuticals, and natural products. Communicated effectively with patent attorneys and agents to help secure approval of applications.

Regulatory Specialist & Chemical Consultant – Safetec Compliance Systems (Vancouver, WA) 2009 – 2012
Science and technology writer for engaging blogs, informative newsletters, and comprehensive whitepapers
Researcher and developer of an efficient regulatory engine for MSDS (Material Safety Data Sheet) software that encompassed toxicology, environmental and public health.
Wrote environmental assessments for chemical waste management and bioremediation requirements: RCRA, CWA, CAA, TSCA, SDWA, and CERCLA.

Director of Chemical Operations – H & H Eco Systems, Inc. (North Bonneville, WA) 2008 – 2009
Heavy metals analysis using graphite furnace methods
AAS spectrophotometric analysis of soil extracts
Nitrate, conductivity, and TDS measurements
Research and development of chemical analyses for soil and sediments
Supervised two laboratory technicians to ensure projects were completed to the highest standards.

Additional Laboratory Experience
Quality Assurance Chemist – Lab Force Staffing
Ensured QA by conducting chemical measurements (e.g. pH, Brix testing) on food products.
Research and Development Microbiologist – Alpha-Tec Systems, Inc. (Vancouver, WA)
Managed lab for an in-vitro diagnostic company. Developed new products for testing environmental and clinical samples containing pathogenic organisms such as Cryptosporidium and Giardia.
Environmental Chemist – Siltronic Corporation (Portland, OR)
Analyzed samples from effluent ports at a silicon manufacturing plant. Conducted a wide variety of quantitative and qualitative chemical and microbiological assays.
Research Associate – Portland State University, Department of Geology (Portland, Oregon)
Performed research on cyanobacteria (phytoplankton) from extreme aquatic environments. Published results of pseudofossilization with TEM and SEM.
Environmental Microbiologist and Writer – Lab Support (Newburg, OR)
Developed and implemented methods to test the treatment of dental unit waterline water with experimental biocidal agents. Designed and constructed bench scale units to follow progress of biofilm formation. Wrote comprehensive laboratory protocols and risk assessment recommendations.
Chemist & Microbiologist for on assignment lab support (Portland, OR and Seattle, WA)
Developed bench scale units designed to follow progress of biofilm formation.
Developed and implemented methods to test the treatment of dental unit waterline water with experimental biocidal agents to reduce heterotrophic microorganisms according to EPA, ADA (American Dental Association) and OSAP (Organization for Safety and Asepsis Procedures) standards.
Environmental Microbiologist – North Creek Analytical Laboratory (Beaverton, OR)
Conducted drinking water analysis: heterotrophic plate counts, MPN, Fecal Coliforms, Total Coliforms. Wet chemistry analysis of nitrates and anions using ion chromatography.
Lab Technician for on assignment lab support (Portland, OR)
Performed high-volume water sample testing for an environmental company using chemical assay kits.
Tested for conductivity, pH, alkalinity, total dissolved solids, nitrates, etc., using titration and colorimetric procedures. Conducted food microbiology tests using microbial luminescent system (Cogent Technologies).
Bioremediation Consultant - Robert D. Miller, Inc. (Oregon City, OR)
Provided comprehensive bioremediation advice for an environmental consulting company. Conducted a thorough field inspection of a bioreactor in Kalama, WA. Assessed methods required for bioremediation of petroleum hydrocarbons in groundwater according to stringent OPA and TSCA regulations.
Ph.D. Candidate Graduate Research - Alexander Lab at Cornell University (Ithaca, NY)
Provided environmental assessments and proposed bioremediaton of Hudson river sediments. Conducted research on the biodegradation of toxic compounds and analyzed sediments for compounds such as PCBs.

Education

Marine Botany: Diversity and Ecology (FHL 446), University of Seattle, WA June 12-July 14, 2023
Classical and contemporary methods for the identification, classification, and
phylogenetic analysis of algae, the theories underlying the methods used, and
the application of biodiversity information in benthic ecology, species diversity,
and biogeography. Practical experience using tools such as specimen collection,
preservation, DNA barcoding, and databasing, microscopy, DNA isolation and
sequencing, and computational approaches to phylogeny reconstruction. Extensive
fieldwork at Friday Harbor Labs and in the surrounding San Juan Islands.
By Professors Tom Mumford and D. Wilson Freshwater.

Anaerobe Congress & Workshop, Seattle Washington July 28-July 30, 2022
Anaerobic Identification and Susceptibility Testing Methods
by Diane Citron and Mike Cox.

Metagenomics applied to surveillance of February - March, 2021
pathogens and antimicrobial resistance - (online course in progress)
by Technical University of Denmark (DTU)
Taught by:Ana Sofia Ribeiro Duarte
Assistant Professor
National Food Institute

Algal Biotechnology - Techniques and Opportunities
for the Sustainable Bioeconomy November 19-20, 2020
Hosted by University of Cambridge Algal Innovation Centre (AIC) UK,
Fraunhofer IGB, Germany and Matís

Diatom Web Academy March 2020 to present
Lectures Produced by the Diatom Taxonomic Certification Committee (TCC)

Cornell College of Agriculture and Life Sciences -
Dairy Extension Program
Dairy Science and Sanitation Certification November 18, 2020

Ph.D. in Environmental Microbiology
Cornell University, College of Agriculture and Life Sciences, Department of Microbiology
Dissertation: "Mineralization of Sorbed Biphenyl by an Aerobic Consortium"
Minors: Biochemistry & Water Quality
M.S. in Biological Sciences Syracuse University, Department of Biological Sciences
Thesis: "The Preparation of a Genomic Library for Leuconostoc mesenteroides"
B.S. in General Microbiology University of California, Los Angeles
Diatom, paleontology undergraduate research

Awards & Achievements
Registered Patent Agent Aug. 2012 – Present
AAAS Mass Media Science and Engineering Fellowship June 1993 – Sept. 1993
National Institutes of Health Toxicology Research Training Grant 1991 – 1993
Cornell University Sage Graduate Fellowship 1988 – 1989

Affiliations and Fellowships
Microscopy Society of America 2020
Microanalysis Society 2020
American Society for Microbiology (ASM) 1994-2002, 2011, 2020
National Association of Science Writers 1996-2001, 2004
Contact this candidate