Olga Ostrovsky, PhD
Medford, NJ ***** 215-***-**** US citizen ad05m4@r.postjobfree.com

Summary of Qualifications
Innovative scientific leader with a proven record. Dedicated to advancing medical research improving patients’ therapies and healthcare. High expertise in oncology, regulatory mechanisms of cancer development, cell differentiation and tissue regeneration in multiple diseases. Mian clinical passion is development of pioneering epigenetic and immunotherapies with innovative gene and cell-based methodologies to fight deadly human diseases.
Principal Investigator, Senior Scientist, Clinical Biomedical Researcher, Mentor, Medical Educator

Research Expertise
Management
Human Clinical and Biomedical Research
Development of Innovative Therapeutic Treatments
Cancer Immunotherapy and Epigenetics Therapies
Human Oncology and Role Tumorigenic Microenvironment in Cancer Propagation and Metastasis
Epigenetic Regulations of Cancer Transformation
Implementation of Innovative Epigenetic and Immunotherapies
Extensive Expertise in Tissue Culture
3D Cancer Spheroids, Organoids, Human Specimens
Immunogenicity/MLRs, Immunoassays
Drug, Vaccine, and Methods Development
Stem Cell-based Therapy: Tissue Regeneration and Wound Healing. iPSCs vs Embryonic Stem cells
Gene and Cell Therapies
Regulation of Development, Differentiation, Healing
Development of Innovative Cell-based Assays
Metabolic, Developmental, Neurodegenerative Diseases
Transcriptional Control/ Growth Factors / Receptors / Cell Signaling / HSPs/ Cell Growth Regulation Control
Embryonic, Primary, Human Cell Lines and Cancer Cells and Tissue, Human Specimen, SVF, ASCs, BMSCs, iPSCs
Flow Cytometry, ELISA, Immunoblotting, HPLC, IP, ELISpot, MSD, Luminex, Protein Arrays
qRNA / RT-PCR/ siRNA, DNA, Proteins and Antibodies
Lenti / Reto/Viral Production, Cell Infections / Cloning
Microscopy: Confocal, Invert, Live & Immunofluorescent and IVIS in-vivo Imaging and Cell Tracking
Immunohistochemistry, Immunocytochemistry

Principal Investigator of Basic, Pre-Clinical and Clinical Research w/ Clinical Translational Applications
Work and Lead Multidisciplinary Research Teams
Effective Communication Consultations and Assistance to Team members and Stakeholders
Extensive Experience in Lab and Staff Management
Assays and Drug Development
Design, Conduct, Data Analyses, Statistics
Research Presentations and Publications
Preparation and Optimization of SOPs
Implementation, Adaptation of Innovative Technologies
Editor of Clinical Research and Basic Science Journals
GLP, GCP Compliance and Regulations
Biosafety Committee: Educator of Regulatory Strategies and Compliance. Reviews/Edits/Approvals of Clinical Research Protocols for Medical Researchers
IRBs, IACUC, Biosafety Protocols
Management and Knowledge of EPIC, CITI, ICMJE, USDA and FDA Regulations
Build Cross-Functional Collaborations between Academic, Biotech and Healthcare
Troubleshooting Complex Technical Challenges
Mentoring, Training and Coaching Clinical Research to Surgical Fellows, Residents, Postdocs, Lab Personnel
Research Grants Reviews, Preparations, Submission
Oversee and Assist Medical Personnel in Technical, Scientific Tasks Activities and NIH Grants Writing
Computer Literacy with Strong Analytical Skills
Teaching/Lecturing on Clinical Biochemistry, Cell Pathology, Tumorgenicity, Oncology, Epigenetics

Molecular Biology / Biochemistry Research
Postdoctoral and Doctoral Experience
Cooper University Hospital, Department of Surgery - Camden, NJ 2017- July, 2023
Clinical Research Scientist
Cooper Medical School at Rowan University - Camden, NJ 2017- July, 2023
Assistant Professor of Surgery
Scholars Workshop Facilitator - Rowan University Medical School
Mentor of Capstone Projects - Rowan University Medical School

Principal Investigator on a number of clinical translation and basic scientific studies. Mentor of clinical and basic biomedical research to faculty and surgical residents in the Department of General Surgery, Cooper University Hospital and surgical fellows of Department of Obstetrics and Gynecology, Division of Gynecologic Oncology, MD Anderson Cancer Center.
Mentor of Research Capstone Projects and Scholars Workshop Facilitator for medical students - Rowan University Medical School (details in teaching section).
Initiate, design and lead research and development of independent clinical, pre-clinical and basic research projects focusing on 1. Development of innovative epigenetic and immunotherapy cancer treatments in clinically translational models: porcine, organoids and human specimens. 2. Tissue regeneration and wound healing. Role of stem cell therapies and influence of marijuana components such as THC and CBD.
Training and supervising of surgical residents and fellows in pre-clinical and clinical research experimental study design, laboratory performance, data analysis and interpretation, statistics, and clinical relevance and clinical applications.
Responsible for research studies development, implementation of new methods, troubleshooting difficult technical and intellectual pitfalls, development of new cell-based assays and implementation of innovative methodologies and techniques.
Mentoring research study presentations, manuscripts writings strategies and publications.
Lead in preparation, writing, editing of research grant applications (NIH, DOD and etc.)
Training of responsibilities includes teaching the surgical residents/fellows and postdocs:
Clinical Biochemistry,
Genetic and Epigenetic
Microbiology and Molecular Biology
Oncology and Cell Pathology
Immunotherapy
Immunocytochemistry/Immunohistochemistry
Working models:
Human specimens, animal primary or tumor tissues: tissue dissection, isolation analyses, vibratome cutting, testing specimens and tumor slices on viability and cancer cell growth/mobility/apoptosis/necrosis in the presence of the new therapeutic drugs. Preparation tissues for innovative new tissue culture growth techniques for drug development from human specimen slices made by Vibratome. Development of new tissue-based biochemical and biomolecular assays.
Porcine/Rodent animal models: tracking viability and development process under testing therapies, organs growth, function and regeneration efficiency.
Epigenetic and Immunotherapy cancer treatments.: assessment of cancer progression, cell or growth factors injections and trafficking. Organs and tissues dissections, isolation and analysis.
Skin wound regeneration and tissue repair by stem cell therapies from various sources.
Cancer cells in 3D ex-vivo models of organoids and spheroids: testing novel epigenetic and immunotherapy drug treatments. Cancer growth, apoptosis, mobility, cancer colony formations and cancer chemoresistance. Uncovering 3D cancer regulations mechanisms by biochemical and biomolecular analysis and testing.
Co-culture of 3D cancer organoids and spheroids with Tumorigenic Omental Microenvironment: testing efficacy of new therapeutic strategies of combo treatment of chemo, epigenetic and immunotherapies in the most relevant clinical translational human ex-vivo model.
Embryonic and Primary stem cells: Cell isolation, growth and differentiation, tissue regeneration methods and applications, immortalization, secretion of pro-regenerative growth factors and cytokines. Application of stem cells as a novel tool for drug screening and treatment of degenerative diseases.
Target gene expression and cell labeling: viral or transfection cloning in primary or embryonic, bone marrow and adipose-derived stem cells, cancer and variable cell lines or animal tissues. Xenografts and in-vivo trafficking.
Area of technical expertise includes, but not limited to: immunoblotting, Western blotting, flow cytometry, immunoprecipitation, radiative/florescent protein or cell labeling, RNA/DNA/Protein purification, RT-PCR, qPCR, siRNA/shRNA, gel electrophoresis, HTS, FACS, ELISA, ELISpot, MSD, Protein Arrays, Immunocytochemistry, Immunohistochemistry and Flow Cytometry. Live and Immunofluorescent imaging. IVIS: in-vivo cell trafficking.
Conduct BioTech and Academic lab collaborations, consultations.
Extensive experience in IRB/IACUC Protocols, GCP, GLP regulations, CITI, Animal Training and Biosafety and FDA Regulations.

Key Contributions:
üDemonstrated knowledge of Implementation of Science methods with application to innovations to improve healthcare experience and patients’ clinical treatments outcomes
ü Developed and successfully published a numerous clinical / basic research studies, reviews, editorials, abstracts and book chapters in highly rated journals as Senior, Principal Investigator.
üSuccessfully mentoring and assisting and completing the pre-clinical and clinical research studies with Surgery Residents from Cooper University Hospital and Gynecologic Oncology Fellows from MD Anderson Cooper Cancer Center
üDemonstrated a high capacity to design and successfully balance performance and accomplishment of multiple projects leading multidisciplinary teams
üSuccessfully mentoring and accomplishing Basic Research Capstone Projects for medical students of Rowan University Medical School
üProvided tactical medical research directions
üDeveloped and implemented number of novel techniques and methodologies
üDelivered multiple research presentations as Principal Investigator and co-author
üSuccessfully played a role of Editor or editorial remember in number of scientific journals
üGranted number of research awards/grants.
üCooper Biosafety / compliance officer

University of Pennsylvania, Perelman School of Medicine, PA February 2017-March 2017
Senior Research Scientist- Center for Neurodegenerative Disease Research
Research Team Leader on Neurodegenerative Diseases under Dr. John Q. Trojanowski and Dr. Virginia M.-Y. Lee leadership.
Performed human brain extracts and identification of dress of pathology, experimental design development for postdocs.
Lab collaborations and consultations, data analysis, and research presentation/publication.

Children’s Hospital of Philadelphia-Philadelphia, PA 2008-2012
Research Associate-Cell Pathology Lab
Leading and mentoring basic and clinical studies research in the lab.
Responsible for the research study design and development including experimental performance, data collection, statistical analysis, and research presentations and publications
Implementation and development of new techniques. Developed and performed the new cell-based biochemical assays.
Troubleshooting and resolving technical issues.
Made numerous lab collaborations and consultations.
Trained postdocs, students, and technicians.
Area of technical expertise includes, but not limited to: immunoblotting, immunoprecipitation, radiative/florescent protein or cell labeling, RNA/DNA/Protein purification, RT-PCR, qPCR, siRNA/shRNA, gel electrophoresis, HTS, FACS, ELISA, ELISpot, MSD, Immunocytochemistry, Immunohistochemical and Immunofluorescent staining, Flow Cytometry, IVIS in-vivo trafficking.
Experiments in mouse models including tracking development process, viability, organs growth and cancer progression, cell or growth factors injections and trafficking, tissues dissections, isolation and analysis.
Primary and embryonic cell isolation, growth and differentiation, immortalization. Gene expression (viral or transfections, cloning) in primary, embryonic cells, cancer and variable cell lines. Cell labeling, injection in mice and in-vivo cell trafficking.
Grants applications writing, editing and submission.
Assistance in NIH grants writing, editing and submission for the lab director.
Handled lab managing, equipment, cell culture, mouse colonies, radioactive isotopes, irradiator, toxic chemicals/reagents, recombinant DNA, retro and lenti viruses, and biohazard materials and lab radiation safety.

Key Contributions:
üSuccessfully completed a number of publications in highly rated journals.
ü Granted post-doctoral award from the Arthritis Research Foundation.
üDiscovered direct GRP94 chaperone/ IGF interaction and established GRP94 functional activity through regulation of IGF secretion, as a key regulatory mechanism of mouse development, embryonic, and primary cell differentiation. First demonstration of chaperone controlling IGF machinery.
üDevised first mammalian cell-based assay that enables one to determine how GRP94 mutants affect IGF secretion, which is now used to identify human GRP94 mutants that underlie growth deficiencies in human populations. Innovative new CELL-BASED ASSAY.
üUncovered novel approach, GRP94/IGF regulatory loop, to control and regulate many diseases caused by breakdown in cell growth, including diabetes, arthritis and cancer diseases.

Children’s Hospital of Philadelphia-Philadelphia, PA 2003-2008
Postdoctoral Fellow- Cell Pathology Lab
Responsible for the development of innovative new cell-based assays and implementation of new technologies and methodologies
Leading role in study research study development, experimental design, experimental execution
Performed data collection, analysis, statistics, clinical interpretation and relevance/significance for future clinical translational directions. Research presentation/publication.
Written and applied for postdoctoral fellowship grants.
Immunogenicity and Immunotherapy Assay Development and Optimization.
Troubleshooting and resolving diffluent technical and intelligent scientific issues.
Trained U of Penn Medical students, postdocs, and lab personnel.
Technical expertise performance: gel electrophoresis, immunoblotting, immunoprecipitation, radiative/florescent protein or cell labeling, RNA/DNA/Protein purification, RT-PCR, qPCR, siRNA/shRNA, HTS, FACS, ELISA, ELISpot, MSD. Immunocytochemistry, Immunohistochemical and Immunofluorescent staining, Flow Cytometry, IVIS in-vivo trafficking. Immunocytochemistry, Immunohistochemical and Immunofluorescent staining (confocal, super resolution, light and florescent microscopes).
Development, optimization and adoption of innovative gene or cell based biochemical assays.
Vaccine and Immunotherapy Development: discovered that N-terminal fragment of GRP94 is sufficient for peptide presentation via professional antigen-presenting cells, and can be an efficient tool in the immunotherapy and as anti-cancer vaccine.
GRP94-peptide complex: Immunogenicity and cancer vaccine development MLRs (DC/DC one way, DC/DC two ways, DC/T cell models).
Primary and embryonic cell isolation, growth and differentiation, immortalization. Gene expression (viral or transfections, cloning) in primary, embryonic cells, cancer and variable cell lines. Cell labeling, injection in mice and IVIS in-vivo cell trafficking.
Handled lab managing, equipment, cell culture, mouse colonies, radioactive isotopes, irradiator, toxic chemicals/reagents, recombinant DNA, retro and lenti viruses, and biohazard materials and lab radiation safety.

Key Contributions:
üSuccessfully completed a number of publications in highly rated journals, was granted post-doctoral awards from the Arthritis Research Foundation and Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation.
üFocused on the understanding the role of glucose-regulated proteins such as chaperone Glucose Regulated Protein 94 (GRP94) in the development and tumor immunology. Data collected was used for patent: CHOP – 0206CIP2, US20080199486A1.
üDiscovered that GRP94 is essential not only for mesoderm induction in mouse development, but also affects the survival ability of Embryonic Stem cells and the differentiation of these cells into muscle because it regulates production of IGFs.
üDemonstrated that N-terminal fragment of GRP94 is sufficient for peptide presentation via professional antigen-presenting cells, and can be used in the immunotherapy of tumors and vaccine development.

The Bruce Rappaport Faculty of Medicine, Institute of Technology- Haifa, Israel 1999-2003
Clinical Research Teaching Assistant
Served as a Clinical Teaching Assistant for “Clinical Biochemistry” lecturing and practical training classes for medical students. The professors were Avram Hershko and Aaron Ciechanover, who received the 2004 Nobel Prize in Chemistry for their discovery of the crucial role of ubiquitin in the process of protein breakdown in cells.
Mentoring medical students to perform basic and clinical research including presentation and discussions of real clinical cases with identification of proper strategies for correct patients’ diagnosis. Lecturing and coaching Molecular and Biochemical Basses of the Pathology, including presentation and interpretation of relevant scientific literature up to the date.
Ph.D. trainee, Biomedicine – Clinical Biochemistry
Successfully completed a number of publications in highly rated journals.
Responsible for research design, research experimental performance, data analysis, presentation and publication.
Responsible for development and implementation of new methods.
Resolved technical issues, and multitask multiple projects
Performed cross laboratory collaborations/consolations
Maintained lab equipment, managed tissue cultures, mouse facility, and ensured radiation safety.
Key Contributions:
Researched effects of MAPK cell signaling and JDP2 transcription growth factor on the regulation of skeletal muscle differentiation.
üDiscovered that an ectopic expression of JDP2 in myoblasts inhibits cell cycle progression in normal muscle and RD cancer cells in mouse models.
üShowed that JDP2 does not only induce robust differentiation of normal muscle cells, but also dramatically reduces RD tumorigenic characteristics in cell cultures and mice by restoring muscle differentiation of cancer cells.
üDetermined MAPK prevents apoptosis in differentiating muscle.
üShowed that MAPK prevents apoptosis and leads to prolong survival of muscle cells by stabilizing p21WAF1 protein.
üDemonstrated that activated MAPK inhibits apoptosis of myoblasts, decreases proteolytic activation of the pro-apoptotic caspases, and led to accumulation of p21WAF1, because of increased protein stability.
Institute of Technology-Haifa, Israel 1997-1999
Research Assistant / M.Sc. trainee, Biomedical Science-Microbiology
Successfully completed a number of publications in highly rated journals, responsible for research design, experiment performance, data analysis, presentation, and preparation of data for publication.
Responsible for research performance, data analysis, presentation and publication.
Resolved technical issues and assay development.
Maintained lab equipment, managed tissue cultures, and ensured radiation safety.
Key Contributions:
üResearch focused on Fibroblast Growth Factors (FGFs), regulators of cell growth, differentiation and survival, and are implicated in various diseases, including cancer and multiple metabolic disorders.
üDiscovered the effect of heparin oligosaccharides of variable sizes and of selectively desulfated heparins on stimulating FGF-1 and FGF-7 activities via FGFR2, and FGF-1 with other FGFRs, which is critical knowledge to controlling and preventing cancer progression.
üDetermined that FGF-1 and FGF-7 vary considerably in saccharide structures and are required to support binding, activation of receptors and biological activity.

Institute of Technology-Haifa, Israel 1994-1997
Research Technician
Responsible for research performance, data analysis, presentation and publication.
Preparation of lab reagents and RNA plant extracts for experimental procedures.
Assisting postdoctoral fellows in experimental performance.
Preparation of biosafety protocols

Education
Postdoctoral Fellow - Cell Pathology Lab training
Children’s Hospital of Philadelphia Philadelphia, PA, USA

Ph.D., Biomedical Science – Clinical Biochemistry
The Bruce Rappaport Faculty of Medicine, Institute of Technology Haifa, Israel

M.Sc., Biomedical Science – Microbiology
Technion-Institute of Technology Haifa, Israel

B.Sc., Biological Science –Microbiology
Technion-Institute of Technology Haifa, Israel

Patents and Protocols
Cooper University Hospital, IRB #20-020EX protocol. 2020=2023. “Can epigenetic drugs convert the omentum into an ovarian cancer resistant organ?” Role: Principle Investigator.

CHOP – 0206CIP2 “GRP94-Based Compositions and Methods of Use Thereof”. 2006. US20080199486A1.
Inventors: Argon, Y., Biswas, C., and Ostrovsky,O.
Describes mini chaperones and methods of use thereof for treatment of cancer and other disorders. Provides tools to facilitate screening therapeutic agents, which have selective binding affinity for GRP94.

Awards

Research Grant The Cooper MD Anderson Cancer Foundation - Pink Roses Teal Magnolias 2022–2023
Role: Principal Investigator
Research Initiative Grant Camden Health Research Program 2020–2024
Role: Principal Investigator
Research Grant The Cooper MD Anderson Cancer Foundation - The Teal Tea Foundation 2020–2021
Role: Principal Investigator
Research Grant Shari Widmayer Memorial Grant 2020–2021
Role: Principal Investigator

Research Grant The Cooper MD Anderson Cancer Foundation - Pink Roses Teal Magnolias 2019–2020
Role: Principal Investigator
Postdoctoral Fellow Award Arthritis Research Foundation 2007–2011
Role: Principal Investigator
Postdoctoral Fellow Award Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation 2005–2007
Role: Principal Investigator
5 Years of Service Award, The Children’s Hospital of Philadelphia, Philadelphia, PA 2005
Institute of Technology Technion Dean’s Awards 1997-2003
Academic Appointments

Assistant Professor of Surgery Cooper Medical School at Rowan University 2020–present
Instructor of Surgery, Department of Surgery Cooper Medical School at Rowan University 2017–2020

Professional Organizations / Committees

Topic Editor and Guest Editor Biomolecules 2020–present
Guest Editor European Journal of Gynecological Oncology 2021–present
Editorial Board Member Journal of Oncology Research 2020–present
Biosafety Committee Cooper University Hospital, Surgical Department 2020–present
Honorable Editor American Journal of Biomedical Science and Research 2019–present
Academic Editor BioMed Nest Journal 2019–present
Editorial Board Member International Journal of Clinical Oncology and Cancer Research 2019–present
Editorial Board Member World Journal of Gynecology and Women’s Health 2019–present
Member American Society for Cell Biology 2007–present

Teaching and Mentoring Experience

Cooper University Healthcare, Principal Investigator Research Scientist - Camden, NJ 2017-July2023
Department of Surgery-Surgical Research

Principal Investigator of basic and clinical translation research of faculty members and surgical residents of Department of General Surgery, Cooper University Hospital and surgical fellows of Department of Obstetrics and Gynecology, Division of Gynecologic Oncology, Cooper University Hospital.
Mentorship responsibilities include a development of new independent biomedical science projects, providing guidance on research project design, training and supervision of surgical fellows/fellows of performance, analysis, statistics and reports of clinical translation and basic science studies. Teaching and Mentoring experience incudes, but is not limited to Biochemistry, Cell Pathology and Molecular Biology disciplines. Laboratory training covers: biochemical, molecular biology and cell cultures procedures, use of research equipment, experimental performance, analysis of outcomes, statistics and data plots as well as providing an interpretation and explanation of experimental outcomes and its clinical relevance. Teaching surgical residents/fellow/medical students research studies presentation, manuscript wring and publication. Assistance in IRB/IACUC Protocols, SOPs, CITI, Animal Trainings and Biosafety Regulations.
Cooper Medical School at Rowan University - Camden, NJ
Assistant professor of Surgery 2017- July 2023

Scholars Workshop Facilitator-Medical students of Cooper Medical School at Rowan University.
Mentor of Capstone projects- Medical students of Cooper Medical School at Rowan University.
Teach and mentor medical students at Cooper Medical School at Rowan University as Scholars Workshop Facilitator according to Cooper Medical School at Rowan University curriculum with students’ evaluation score of 4.7-4.9 from 5.
Mentor of Capstone projects. Responsible for the development of independent research projects, experimental design, training, performance, implementation of new methods and development of new techniques. Supervising a performance of medical students in clinical translation research, data analysis, statistics, data presentations, manuscripts writings strategies and publications. Teaching the trainees: Clinical and Basic Biochemistry, Genetic, Epigenetic, Microbiology, Cell Pathology, Molecular Biology and Immunocytochemistry/Immunohistochemistry, Confocal, Florescent and other microscopy.

Children’s Hospital of Philadelphia-Philadelphia, PA, USA 2003-2012
Research Associate- Cell Pathology Division
Trained and mentored postdoctoral fellows, graduated and ungraduated medical students and lab personal in Children’s Hospital of Philadelphia, Cell Pathology Department, Dr. Argon’s laboratory.
Mentoring responsibilities included providing design and guidance on research projects, training and supervision of students/postdocs on use of research equipment and biological techniques, teaching techniques for experimental data analysis and data plots, and assisted with interpretation of experimental outcomes. Coaching research presentations, manuscripts writing and publication.
Technion- Israel Institute of Technology, Medicine Faculty-Haifa, Israel 2001-2003
Research Assistant / Teacher “Clinical Biochemistry” medical students’ classes
Served as a Teaching Assistant for “Clinical Biochemistry” lecturing and practical training classes for medical students. The professors were Avram Hershko and Aaron Ciechanover, who received the 2004 Nobel Prize in Chemistry for their discovery of the crucial role of ubiquitin in the process of protein breakdown in cells.
Mentoring medical students to perform basic and clinical research including presentation and discussions of real clinical cases with identification of proper strategies for correct patients diagnosis. Lecturing and coaching Molecular and Biochemical Basses of the Pathology, including presentation and interpretation of relevant scientific literature up to the date. Coach medical students to identify possible pathology diagnosis based on patients’ symptoms and tests results. Preparation of experimental samples for medical students, supervising their research lab performances, teaching diagnostic techniques, analyzing and interpreting the data of practical studies of various pathological conditions, and diagnoses.

Publications
Berman, B., O. Ostrovsky, M. Shlissel, T. Lang, D. Regan, I. Vlodavsky, R. Ishai-Michaeli, and D. Ron. 1999. Similarities and differences between the effects of heparin and glypican-1 on the bioactivity of acidic fibroblast growth factor and the keratinocyte growth factor. J Biol Chem 274:361**-*****.

Ostrovsky, O., B. Berman, J. Gallagher, B. Mulloy, D.G. Fernig, M. Delehedde and D. Ron. 2002. Differential effects of heparin saccharides on the formation of specific fibroblast growth factor (FGF) and FGF receptor complexes. J Biol Chem 277:2444-2453.

Ostrovsky, O., E, Bengal, and A. Aronheim. 2002. Induction of terminal differentiation by the c-Jun dimerization protein, JDP2, in C2 myoblasts and rhabdomyosarcoma cells. J Biol Chem. 277:400**-*****.

Ostrovsky, O., and E. Bengal. 2003. The Mitogen-activated Protein Kinase Cascade Promotes Myoblast Cell Survival by Stabilizing the Cyclin-dependent Kinase Inhibitor, p21WAF1 Protein. J Biol Chem 278:212**-*****.

Keren, Z., E. Diamant, Ostrovsky, O, E. Bengal, and D. Melamed. 2004. Modification of ligand-independent B cell receptor tonic signals activates receptor editing in immature B lymphocytes. J Biol Chem 279:134**-*****.

Biswas C, Sriram U, Ciric B, Ostrovsky O, Gallucci S, Argon Y. 2006. The N-terminal fragment of GRP94 is sufficient for peptide presentation via professional antigen-presenting cells. Int. Immunol. 18:1147-57.

§Ostrovsky O, §Wanderling S., §Simen BB, Ahmed NT, Vogen SM, Gidalevitz T, Argon Y. 2007.GRP94 is essential for mesoderm induction and muscle development because it regulates insulin-like growth factor secretion. Mol Biol Cell (10):3764-75.
§ These authors contributed equally to this work and considered as co-first authors.

Biswas C., Ostrovsky O., Makarewich CA., Wanderling S., Gidalevitz T., Argon Y. 2007. The peptide-binding activity of GRP94 is regulated by calcium. Biochem J. 405:233-41.

Ostrovsky O, Ahmed NT and Argon Y. 2009. The chaperone activity of GRP94 toward insulin-like growth factor II is necessary for the stress response to serum deprivation. Mol Biol Cell (6):1855-64.

Ostrovsky O, Makarewich C, Gidalevitz T, Snapp EL, and Argon Y. 2009. An essential role for ATP binding and hydrolysis in the chaperone activity of GRP94 in cells. Proc Natl Acad Sci USA 14,106(28):11600-5.

Ostrovsky O, Eletto D, Makarewich C, Barton ER, Argon Y. 2010. Glucose regulated protein 94 is required for muscle differentiation through its control of the autocrine production of insulin-like growth factors. Biochim Biophys Acta. 1803(2): 333-41.

Adam S. Duerfeldt, Laura B. Peterson, Jason C. Maynard, Chun Leung Ng, Davide Eletto, Olga Ostrovsky, Heather E. Shinogle, David S. Moore, Yair Argon, Christopher V. Nicchitta, Brian S. J. Blagg. 2012. Development of a Grp94 inhibitor. J Am Chem Soc. 134(23): 9796–9804.

Elisabeth R. Barton, SooHyun Park, Jose K. James, Catherine A. Makarewich, Anastassios Philippou, Davide Eletto, Hanqin Lei, Becky Brisson,
Contact this candidate