Dr. Frank Hamo Work Experience
Email: ad31uu@r.postjobfree.com
917-***-****)
Objective:
Seeking a position as research scientist in diseases area for early monitoring and screening by targeting diabetes, cancer and Alzheimer illnesses, utilizing cells molecular structures for Microtubules and Microconidia by utilizing quantum biology as new era of science for diseases treatment.
Skiles in cellular biology in isolating each cells compartment and its role in diseases development and provides recommendation of causes and quantum biology relationship

Experienced in evaluation and upgrade hospital imaging and screening equipollents:
Computed tomography, Fluoroscopy, Ultrasound, X rays, Magnetic resonance,
Echocardiogram, MRI imaging, TES and nuclear medicine.

Conducted detailed research on COVID 19 Spike proteins and how to stop virus from mutating into furthers development. Authored three books on COVID19 and Post COVID 19 as long haulers. See my books link below.

Medical Technology Innovation 2021 to 2024 Toledo, OH
Researcher
Conducting research on how Quantum Biology can be used to
screen, diagnosis and delivers treatment to targeted cancer and diabetes
pancreatic beta cells.

Achieved amazing successes analyzing the Microtubule cytoskeleton of
pancreatic islet β-cells regulates glucose-stimulated insulin secretion (GSIS).
have reported that the Microtubule mediated movement of insulin vesicles
away from the plasma membrane limits insulin secretion. to further strives that
require new perspectives predicated on insights from molecular biology,
systems and even quantum physics.

Further analysis of negatively regulates insulin secretion limits the amount of
insulin near the plasma membrane and inhibits exocytosis of insulin granules by
preventing their anchoring GTP and GDP proteins and Microtubules
Depolarization.

MTI Upcoming Research Project’s.in 2024
How negative emotion can shrink the DNA
Negative emotion can cause catastrophic effects on Microtubules as result triggering many illnesses as Cancer and Diabetes.

Medical Technology Innovation 2017 to 2021 Toledo, OH Founder
Working with group of doctors to bridging the gap between medicine and engineering to deliver advanced healthcare monitoring options. our mission is to utilize latest biomedical engineering technology to improve early detection, monitoring, and screening devices by advancing ultrasound screening to distinguish between breast lump as cyst of cancer growth

UPMC University Pittsburg Medical Center
2016-2017 Pittsburg, PA Consultant
Works with hospitals products development team to Inspect, upgrade and provide recommendation for UPMC medical centers for operating room and imaging centers to improve patients’ quality care.

Develops interactions with Key Opinion Leaders and investigators in therapeutic areas of interest to clinical resource of specific product on indications, patient treatment, and safety assessment for ongoing benefits and studies to support business development activities

HHC (Health and Hospital Corporation) 2014-2016 NYC Hospitals
Consultant
Served as lead advisory board to bring hospitals patients service equipment’s to latest version for imaging, diagnosis and operating room. Servicing 24 hospitals in New York City
Supports in business development activities, and proposal requests, feasibility and site contact, and attendance all board meetings.

Verizon Enterprise
2011- 2014 NJ
Consultant
Data Collaboration Architect Implementation Lead. Worked with Verizon
enterprise USAs data implementation team to migrate and upgrade
Verizon health organization customers data centers and applications to
meet HIPPA compliances.
Education
Bachelor in electronic engineering 1995
Master’s in computer technology 1999
PhD in Biomedical Engineering 2010
PhD in Quantum Biology 2023

Provisional Achievement

Author of the following books:

Post COVID 19 Long Hauler Symptoms Diagnosis and Management Handbook and
Mobile Application: Physician and Patient Assistance Handbook to Distinguish
Between Chronic Illness

Cancer Survivor Patients & Doctors Handbook: Roadmap for Twelve Kinds of Cancer
From Early Signs to Recovery

Post-COVID 19 Long Hauler Neurological Disorder

Post COVID 19 Long Hauler Risk of Diabetes Type One or Two Diagnosis,
Management & Therapeutics Physician and Patient Handbook

Omicron & Delta Viruses Infection Long Hauler Symptoms Diagnosis Patients and
Physicians Management Handbook

Quantum Biology the Foundation of all living things first edition release Feb 2024

Books Link on Amazon
https://www.amazon.com/s?k=dr+frank+hamo+books&crid=2FPQL4DL2ICIS&sprefix=dr+frank+hamo+%2Caps%2C83&ref=nb_sb_ss_ts-doa-p_1_14
Meet the Candidate

Frank Hamo, PhD in biomedical engineering year 2010 and the founder and CEO of MTI. He spent his entire biomedical engineering career bridging the gap between medicine and engineering to deliver advanced healthcare monitoring options. His mission is to utilize latest biomedical engineering technology to improve early detection, monitoring, and screening devices, improve operational efﬁciency of healthcare organizations to save billions of dollars in medical treatment, replace current medical screening methods, and actualize portable at- home devices.
He had lost seven members of his family for cancer therefore he spent numbers of years looking at cancer research because he believes understanding the disease and how to approach and manage it on time can increase the chances of survivor and recovery, he comes to the conclusion that early prediction, early signs and detection of cancer can Concore it at early stages before losing control, the same time he believes cancer cells can be defeated by understanding how the immune system attacks at foreign antigen. He believes Quantum biology can be the new era of early detecting and screening diseases before it happened.
Contact this candidate