EMPLOYMENT HISTORY
MAY, **** - PRESENT
Research Scientist & Consultant, Mindspeller, New York, NY
Develop innovative research methodologies to gather and analyze data on consumer preferences and behavior, providing valuable insights for clients to inform their marketing strategies. Manage research team conducting in-depth studies and analysis on consumer behavior and preferences. Identify potential partnerships and collaborations with institutions or organizations to further expand Mindspeller's research capabilities.
FEB, 2022 - 2023
Scientific Communications Lead, Brainkey, San Francisco, CA Analyzed scientific data and findings and communicated key insights to both internal and external stakeholders in a clear and concise manner.
Developed and oversaw the implementation of comprehensive scientific communications strategies to support business objectives.
DEC, 2020 - JAN, 2022
Senior Researcher & Consultant, Multiple Clients, New York, NY Applied both qualitative and quantitative analysis techniques to continuously improve end-user experiences and implement data- informed strategy.
Collaborated with cross-functional teams to identify and implement innovative research methods and analysis. Effectively communicated research findings and strategic recommendations clearly and concisely via presentations and reports. JUL, 2020 - AUG, 2021
Senior UX/Design Researcher, Zenda Consulting, New York, NY Utilized qualitative/quantative UX methods in collaboration with the product teams to develop user-centric experiences aligned with product strategy.
Executed design and execution of cross-functional UX research with target audiences to produce insightful results and quality outcomes.
Presented data to key stakeholders to inform and prioritize product updates and meet product development goals. JUN, 2018 - FEB, 2020
Professor, Foundations of NeuroLeadership, NeuroLeadership Institute, New York, NY Developed course content and delivered interactive lectures on the foundations of NeuroLeadership. FEB, 2015 - FEB, 2020
Senior Researcher/ Instructional Designer, NeuroLeadership Institute, New York, NY Oversaw psychologists and instructional designers in creating custom solutions that were engaging, scalable, and sustained through reinforcement.
DEC, 2007 - SEP, 2009
Clinical Researcher, Columbia University, New York, NY Recruited participants, managed research protocals, analyzed data, and published manuscripts with Principal Investigators in the Cognitive Neuroscience Division of Alzeheimer's Disease research. EDUCATION
JAN, 2010 - MAY, 2014
Ph.D., Sapienza University of Rome, Rome, Italy
Social and Affective Neuroscience
AUG, 2007 - MAY, 2009
M.S., Columbia University, New York, NY
Neuroscience and Education
AUG, 2002 - JUN, 2006
B.S., University of Pittsburgh, Pittsburgh, PA
Cognitive Psychology / Art History
SKILLS
Research Methodology
Human-centered Design
Scientific Insights
Scientific Communications
Neuroscience Applications
Data Interpretation
Presentation Skills
Project Management
Research Design
Project Management
Scientific Writing
Client Consulting
New York, NY, USA
ad6166@r.postjobfree.com
+1-724-***-****
BRITTANY HOLMES,
PH.D.
SOCIAL NEUROSCIENTIST, RESEARCHER &
CONSULTANT
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
Social scientist with expertise in organizational neuroscience, marketing research, sales consulting, and UX research/human-centered design.
Contact this candidate