Lori M. Smith
**** ****** ****** **
Washington, DC 20017
202-***-**** (cell)
ad6f0a@r.postjobfree.com

SUMMARY:

Organized, meticulous, and self-motivated research scientist with over 15 years of experience in medical laboratory technology. Strong attention to detail and a driven independent worker that can conform in a team environment. Avid multi-tasker and collaborative team player who leverages excellent inter-personal and scientific communication skills along with strong expertise in troubleshooting and problem solving for the overall development of the project.

QUALIFICATIONS:

Experience and certification to work in Biohazard Safety Level 2/BSL3/BSL4 laboratories and handle infectious diseases and special agents.
Experience supporting animal clinical trials using different infectious disease species in different animal models including hamsters and non-human primates.
Hands-on with parasite quantification using molecular (PCR), immunological (flow cytometry), and manual extractions. Performed clinical analyses in hematology, coagulation, chemistry and quantitative analysis which contributed to data collected for various research studies.
Over twenty years of experience as a veterinary technician working with domestic animals, in which I utilized my phlebotomy and husbandry skills. As a veterinary/laboratory technician manager, I honed my time management skills by being the sole veterinary technician, laboratory technician, animal caretaker, surgical technician, and advocate to the clients about their animal’s well-being on a daily basis.
Over fifteen years of experience as a laboratory technician in a clinical laboratory operating several analyzers, performing maintenance, quality control, quality assurance, troubleshooting, interpreting results and conveying those values to doctors and technical staff.
Innovative, enthusiastic, self-motivated, self-supervising team member.
Assisted in the creation/production of the lab tests brochure that was sent out to our clients, as well as responsible for assisting with new-hire selection. Reviewed the resumes, assisted with the initial interviews, working interviews, training, and documentation and reporting of disciplinary actions.
One year of experience in a biotech/research laboratory sequencing DNA, as well as revised and created company SOP’s.
Wrote a scientific report in which, if approved, would allow for a new more efficient laboratory procedure in the forensic DNA department.
Strong communication skills which are highly regarded by in-person, telephone and Internet contacts. Responsible for scheduling bi-weekly meetings, actively participate in meetings, conferences, and volunteer events, recorded minutes, and delivered communications between various departments, obtained and stored pertinent organizational information and ensured accuracy and confidentiality of these records, and performed other administrative tasks as requested.

EDUCATION: DEGREE:

MedTech College Certification Program (2014)
Washington, DC Phlebotomy Technician

ICDC College (Online Campus) Associate of Occupational Studies (2013)
Culver City, CA Forensic Scientist

University of North Carolina at Wilmington Bachelor of Science Degree (2001)
Wilmington, NC Environmental Science w/concentration in Biology
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:

Actalent/Aerotek Contractor supporting: MedStar Washington Hospital Center 02/2022 – 04/2022
110 Irving Street NW, Washington, DC 20010
Medical Technologist
Performed laboratory tests (ELIZA’s) requiring independent judgment and interpretation.
Processed samples by accessioning and labeling all specimens to insure continuity.
Provided test results to physicians and nursing units.
Recognized abnormal test results and resolved problems with specimens.
Certified quality control results are accurate, and troubleshoot whenever problems arise.
Monitored quality of reagents and working conditions of instruments and analyzers.
Conducted routine maintenance, instrument calibration, verification procedures, and troubleshooting on all instruments according to GLP guidelines.
Resolved customer service problems according to department SOP protocol.

Laulima Government Solutions Contractor supporting: 02/2021 – 02/2022
National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases (NIAID), Integrated Research Facility-Frederick (IRF)
Division of Clinical Research, 8200 Research Plaza Fort Detrick, MD 21702
Study Support Research Associate
Utilized established SOPs to execute testing for clinical research trials.
Processed specimens of blood, body fluid, and tissues to perform clinical analyses in areas of hematology, coagulation, clinical chemistry, and real time quantitative analysis.
Performed routine operation of instrumentation which included QC, QA, maintenance, and troubleshooting.
Involved in a wide range of research facilitation, laboratory studies, analyses, simulations, and other technical and analytical support.
Compiled and maintained study data, specimen counts, and deviations to the study plan according to GCLP guidelines.
Effectively managed time and tasks to rapidly adjust to changes in experimental priorities.
Maintained freezer and reagent inventories, common lab stocks, and lab equipment.
Participated in general laboratory housekeeping to include biohazard waste management, general lab safety, organization, and maintenance.
Routinely worked in a biohazard safety level 2 (BSL2) and high containment laboratory (BSL4).
Complied with physical/cyber security, agent/information protection, control and accountability, and safe disposal and waste handling. Maintained DoJ Security Risk Assessment (SRA) approval and CDC Select Agent approval in accordance with the Biosurety program (Tier 3 Clearance).

Idexx Laboratories 03/2017 – 02/2021
806 Cromwell Park Drive Glen Burnie, MD 21061
Medical Laboratory Technologist III
Used automated hematology analyzers (Sysmex), microscopes and other laboratory diagnostic tools to perform analyses and tests that diagnose animal illnesses, injuries and diseases in support of veterinary animal treatment.
Responsible for setting up and running lab tests, reading and releasing results according to SOPs (Standard Operating Procedures), and evaluated and reported results in consultation with veterinarians, pathologists and others.
Tested cell-related components of blood samples to enumerate and identify their cellular components, including the microscopic evaluation of blood smears and the use of automated and manual counting techniques.
Performed equipment maintenance and troubleshooting machine and blood sample problems.
Used automated analyzers to obtain clinical results on urine (Atlas & Novus) and chemistry (Beckman Coulter & Immulite) samples. Utilized coagulation analyzer (Stago) to obtain clinical results.
Performed ELISA tests on various blood samples.
Performed routine start-up, quality control and quality assurance for all laboratory instrumentation.
Maintained logs for all laboratory equipment.
Processed client samples consisting of urine, fecal, whole blood, biopsies, and biohazardous samples into laboratory analytical software to be analyzed.
Worked independently and as a part of a team.
Assisted in training less experienced coworkers.
Assisted supervisor with maintenance of laboratory supplies inventory.

Georgia Crossing Veterinary Center 06/2015 – 03/2017
11414 Georgia Avenue Wheaton, MD 20906
Senior Veterinary/Laboratory Technician Manager
Collected and conducted analysis on a broad scope of veterinary medical specimens including urine, blood, fecal samples, ear swabs, skin scrapings, and other biological fluids.
Performed microscopic analysis of urine, fecal samples and other specimens for internal and external parasites.
Employed automated and manual methods to perform analyses using standard operating procedures (SOPs) in the fields of microbiology, clinical chemistry, endocrinology, serology, immunology, parasitology and hematology.
Performed daily quality control and quality assurance and maintained laboratory maintenance and troubleshooting logs for equipment including: Vet Axcel, Scil Vet ABC+, Immulite, and KC1Δ anticoagulation analyzer.
Created medical templates to report laboratory findings.
Assured accuracy of laboratory tests with documentation of results in the hospital management software.
Administered medicinal, preventive medicine and parenteral fluids by various routes in accordance with the order of the veterinarian.
Assisted the veterinarian in animal examination, treatment and surgery.
Provided veterinary support, preparation and monitoring of pre-surgical, surgical and emergency veterinary patients.
Performed oral radiographs and dental procedures.
Performed digital radiographs and maintained patient logs.
Cleaned and sterilized dental/surgical suites and all surgical instruments and supplies.
Dispensed medications to clients in accordance with the order of the veterinarian.
Maintained veterinary medical and surgical records, maintained inventory logs for medications and hospital supplies, maintained inventory logs for consumable supplies, and responsible for ordering supplies to maintain in-house inventory.
Assisted in employee training and in-house continuing education programs.
Communicated with clients in person and via the telephone and internet.

Washington Veterinary Laboratory 08/2014 – 08/2015
5140 MacArthur Boulevard NW Washington, DC 20016
Senior Laboratory Technician
Conducted analysis on a broad scope of veterinary medical specimens including urine, blood, fecal samples, ear swabs, skin scrapings, and other biological fluids.
Employed automated and manual methods to perform analyses using standard operating procedures in the fields of microbiology, clinical chemistry, endocrinology, serology, immunology, parasitology and hematology.
Performed daily quality control and quality assurance and maintained laboratory maintenances and troubleshooting logs for equipment including Vet Axcel, Scil Vet ABC+, Immulite, and KC1 anticoagulation analyzers.
Assured accuracy of laboratory tests with documentation of results in the hospital management software.
Maintained inventory logs for consumable supplies.
Assisted in employee training and in-house continuing education programs.

MPDC – Forensic Service Division 01/2013 – 05/2013
401 E Street SW Washington, DC 20024
Collegiate Internship
Observed and performed forensic DNA analysis procedures.
Completed a performance check study of a new procedure (HemaTrace® Performance Check).
Prepared reagents to go through quality control and distributed supplies and reagents.
Observed evidence examinations for the presence of bodily fluids (serology testing).
Organized and filed case documents.
Cleaned and maintained laboratory equipment and supplies.
Wrote a scientific report in which, if approved, would allow for a new more efficient laboratory procedure in the forensic DNA department.
TechPet Laboratory 03/2004 – 03/2012
4105 Brandywine Street NW Washington, DC 20016
Senior Laboratory Technician
Conducted analysis on a broad scope of veterinary medical specimens including urine, blood, fecal samples, ear swabs, skin scrapings, and other biological fluids.
Employed automated and manual methods to perform analyses using standard operating procedures in the fields of microbiology, clinical chemistry, endocrinology, serology, immunology, parasitology and hematology.
Performed daily quality control and quality assurance and maintained laboratory maintenance and troubleshooting logs for equipment including Olympus AU400, Sysmex, Immulite, Microscan, and KC1 anticoagulation analyzers.
Assured accuracy of laboratory tests with documentation of results in the hospital management software: AVS and Infinity.
Maintained inventory logs for consumable supplies.
Assisted in employee training and in-house continuing education programs.

Negola’s Ark Veterinary Hospital 08/2002 – 07/2003
9401 Fields Road Gaithersburg, MD 20878
Veterinary Technician
Collected blood, fecal, urine and other specimens.
Performed microscopic analysis of urine, fecal and other samples for internal and external parasites.
Administered medicinal, preventive medicine vaccines and parenteral fluids by various routes in accordance with the order of the veterinarian.
Provided veterinary support and monitoring of pre-surgical, surgical and emergency veterinary patients.
Performed oral radiographic and dental procedures.
Maintained veterinary medical and surgical records.

Celera Genomics 08/2001 – 08/2002
45 West Gude Drive Rockville, MD 20850
Laboratory Technician I
Assisted in sequencing and precipitation of DNA in a high throughput system.
Employed Tomtec pipetting machine, sonication equipment, centrifuges and thermocyclers in performance of work.
Tracked production using Microsoft Excel and Access databases.
Assisted in revision of laboratory Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs).
Performed equipment maintenance and troubleshooting and performed other duties as required.

College Road Animal Hospital 09/1996 – 04/2000
4140 South College Road Wilmington, NC 28412
Veterinary Technician
Collected blood, fecal, urine and other cytological specimens.
Performed microscopic analysis of urine, fecal samples and other specimens for internal and external parasites.
Administered medicinal, preventive medicine and parenteral fluids by various routes in accordance with the order of the veterinarian.
Administered urinary catheters.
Assisted the veterinarian in animal examination, treatment and surgery.
Provided veterinary support and monitoring of pre-surgical, surgical and emergency veterinary patients.
Dispensed medications to clients in accordance with the order of the veterinarian.
Maintained veterinary medical and surgical records and maintained inventory logs for medications and hospital supplies.
Interacted with clients in person and via the telephone and performed other duties as required.

SKILLS & TRAINING:

Tier 3 Clearance (DoJ Security Risk Assessment (SRA) & CDC Select Agent approval)
CPR and AED Certified (American Safety & Health Institute), 2018-2022
Basic First Aid Certified (American Safety & Health Institute), 2018-2022
Certified Phlebotomy Technician (NHA# C3R3J4H4), 2014 - 2022
Bloodborne Pathogen Certification (N.E.T., Inc.), 2013
Tuskegee University Veterinary Symposium, annually: 1999 to 2017
American Society for Veterinary Clinical Pathology (Cytology) (P.A.C.E.), 2010
Sysmex* XT-2000V Basic Operator Training (Hematology) (P.A.C.E.), 2009
American Society for Veterinary Clinical Pathology (Chemistry and Microbiology) (P.A.C.E.), 2007
Olympus America Inc. AU400 Operator Training (Chemistry) (P.A.C.E.), 2006
ill’s Evidence-Based Clinical Nutrition Symposium, 2006
Virginia-Maryland Regional College of Veterinary Medicine Urinalysis and Hematology Course, 2005
VSPN Urinalysis and Hematology Course, 2004
OSHA Training and Certifications, 2002 and 2003
Q-Pulse Document Creation and Submission Training, 2002
Laboratory Safety Training, 2001

COMPUTER SKILLS:

Microsoft Office Suite: Windows, Access, Excel, Photoshop, Word, WordPerfect, Outlook, PowerPoint, AVS, Q-Pulse, Infinity, Vet Office Suite, Lynxx, LabLink xL, LIMS, and Antrim Computer Systems
Contact this candidate