Tammy G. Yasar
573-***-****
ad7r15@r.postjobfree.com
Goals and Objectives: Scientist, Research associate, field and lab technician, or academic teaching at any level.
Education
University of Missouri-St. Louis (UMSL) 2009- Jan 2011 Master of Biochemistry and Biotechnology
Senior Academic Scholar in Virology, Physical/Advanced Biochemistry. Thesis: “African Swine Fever Virus,” “Huntington’s Disease,” and “Cystic Fibrosis.” GPA: 3.67
University of Missouri-Kansas City (UMKC) 2004-2008 Bachelor of Science in Chemistry/ Molecular Biology Bachelor of Liberal Arts, GPA: 3.80
Work Experience
Maryville University, St. Louis, MO Aug 2023-Jan 2024 Adjunct Faculty/ Chemistry Dept.
●Teaching chemistry and Biochemistry lectures and labs.
●Advising students researching and presenting proposals. Sanofi-Genzyme, Waltham and Framingham, MA Jan – July 2022 Research Scientist III -Contract
●Working with the Genomic Medicine Unit (GMU) on cell therapy focused on the rapid development of new therapeutic treatment. Analyzing oligonucleotides & peptides, antibodies, cGMP lab, Aseptic technique, Cell line development for mammalian cell culture, LC/MS chromatography, flow cytometry, next generation sequencing, and ELISA. Takeda Pharmaceuticals, Round Lake, IL Summer 2021 Packaging of pharmaceutical products and medical devices. Ensuring compliance with standards and cGMP regulations. Quality control testing of products and analyzing results. Following standard operating procedures (SOPs).
Identifying errors in protocol and improving flow of product design. Colorado Dept. of Public Health & Enviro (CDPHE) July-Sep 2020 Contact Tracer for Covid-19 control and data analysis. AMRI Global, complex science, Springfield, Missouri Feb- Apr 2020 R&D technician
●Reagents preparation, HPLC, GC/MS, RT-PCR, FT-IR for raw and finished products. ELISA technique for measuring protein concentration in a cGMP lab setting.
● Used analytical instruments and Empower software.
● Analyzing graphs and tables for trends in data and method validation of procedures. Compass Health, Inc. Columbia, Missouri July 2018-Feb 2020 Med Technician (2020 merit achievement recipient)
●Patients care and medical studies.
Pharma Tech Industries. Union, MO Feb-May 2017
Formulation chemist
●Processing samples and quality control testing for compliance. ELISA, Atomic Absorption, RT-PCR, FT-IR, LC/MS.
●Advanced testing of drug substances including specific gravity and viscosity data.
●Working with diverse materials- gels, solids, liquids, gas, and powders.
● Experimentation by varying concentration of reagent in products. Pfizer, Inc. Chesterfield, MO July 2015-Aug 2016
Pharmaceutical Internship- Renewed three times.
●HPLC, LC/MS technique, ELISA & PCR
●Wet analytical methods, optimizing & characterizing protein (native and denatured).
● Bacterial & mammalian cell culture.
●Achieved scalable strategies for biotherapeutics (all clinical phases).
●Monoclonal antibodies, conjugates for Pneumococcal 13. St. Mary’s Health Center, Jefferson City, MO
Medical device Consultant with CareFusion March 2015
●Intravenous (IV) pumps and ventilators, software/hardware updates, osmolarity/flow and electrical testing.
Eastern New Mexico University (ENMU), Physical Plant, Portales, NM Research & Academic Scientist May 2013-Jun 2014
●Academic advisor for biology & chemistry science majors.
●R&D for producing sustainable biofuel.
●Monitoring the site (ponds and floway).
●Took a key supervisor role with the construction and design.
●Extracting, maximizing lipid, analyzed nutrient absorption. Southwest Conservation National Service OSM Internship Dept. of Natural Resources Springfield, IL 2011-2012
●Focused on coal mining/reclamation, and future exploration per region and excavation.
●Collected data. Analyzed water quality from wells & mines following OSHA standards. Mt. Vernon Hospital, MO June 2011
Medical Device Consultant with CareFusion (Troubleshooting and installation) Teaching assistant, Work-study, UMSL Aug 2009-Jan 2011 West Agro, Inc., Delaval Corp, Kansas City, MO July 2008-July 2009 Research Scientist for dairy farms industries. Performed stability and Quality Control tests for product development.
Publications & Educational Resources
Colorado Dept. of Public Health & Environment, 2020, “Epidemiology: the basics of public health, distribution and determinants of diseases, health conditions, or events among populations.”
Yasar, Tammy G. ENMU, Portales, NM 2014 “Using ATS Technology to Investigate the Role of Algae in Wastewater Treatment and in the Production of Biofuel,” J. Appl. Phycology 2016
Yasar, Tammy G. Pfizer, Inc, Chesterfield, Missouri. “Design and Perform Purification Strategies from a Variety of Host Mammalian Cells (Eukaryotic and Prokaryotic),” 2016. Yasar, Tammy G. University of Missouri-Kansas City, Environmental Sustainability, Carbon Footprint of the Campus, 2007.
Yasar, Tammy G. University of Missouri-St. Louis, Molecular Biology and Biotechnology Dept, Graduate Seminar “Huntington’s Disease,” 2010. Yasar, Tammy G. "Touring the Industry Mine in Illinois and Virginia.” “Reviewing EPA Reports for Illinois Mines.” Regulatory Trainee Update (2012). Sponsored by Dept. of Natural resources, Office of Mines and Minerals.
Contact this candidate