Naseem Ahmed, M.Phil., Ph.D.
Ph.: +1-774-***-**** (cell), Email: ad8uw0@r.postjobfree.com
SUMMARY

Ph.D. in Antibody Engineering/Biotechnology, developed 13 new diagnostic and therapeutic peptide monoclonal antibodies (mAbs) from Prof. Dr. Glenn Morris’s lab. Epitope mapping of one of the mAb was done by Phage displayed peptide library. The lab produced over 450 mAbs at that time available online for commercial research purposes. Developed expertise in Fmoc peptide synthesis, purification, immunization, hybridoma screening, and determination reactivity against native and denatured proteins.
Over five years of experience from Prof. Dr. Thilo Stehle’s Biotechnology lab at Harvard University. Worked on Antiviral Drug Discovery program as a Research Fellow. Performed gene cloning, protein expression by cell, Yeast and bacterial culture techniques to produce highest quality protein for purification and crystallization using multiple strategies, including final purification by Bio-Rad laboratory FPLC system. Out of two, one protein was crystallized. Note: Prof. Stehle moved to Germany due to personal reasons.
During five years of service as a Research Scientist at Albert Eistein College of Medicine at Yeshiva University, applying Tissue Microarray (TMA) Engineering technology, developed TMA at Prof. Dr. John Mariadason’s laboratory. Forty-six patient’s biopsy sections were collected with collaboration a team of physicians and surgeons and analyzed hundreds of up and downregulated proteins causing colorectal cancer. Note: Prof. Mariadason moved to Australia due to personal reasons.
Scientist (strong scientific skills in basic medical sciences and clinical research is evident from the fact that over thirty articles were published in the Journal of Biological Sciences) with excellent communication, teaching, and training skills (earned best teacher award from seral organizations) willing to work independently and with a team.

RESEARCH/TEACHING EXPERIENCE

MetroWest Healthcare Academy, Framingham, MA 01/2017 – Present
Healthcare Training Program Director.

Siemens Healthineers, Walpole, MA 01/2022 – 05/2023
Senior Biochemist Technical Operations (TO)
Troubleshooting problem solving in collaboration with Quality Control, Manufacturing and Microbiology Departments
Leader, Sartoflow Advanced antigen/antibody recycling project in the aseptic environment, instrument validation in the GMP and GLP environment. The project will save millions of dollars for the company in the near future
Sartoflow Advanced documents preparation of Installation Qualification (IQ), Operational Qualification (OQ), Performance Qualification (PQ) documents and Bioburden evaluation for FDA approval
Protein purification and validation of purity
Performed Immunoassays on Siemens’ cutting-edge Chemistry and Immunoassay Systems
Worked on application of Azure DevOps, SAP, ELN, TDMS, Documentum, Minitab, and Statistical Process Control/SCOPE
Evaluated product quality by analyzing purification reports, reviewing the nonconformances and solving problems related to product quality
Did product evaluation tools “SCOPE Alert Charts”, Lot to Lot variation analysis, QC analysis data collection, TO analysis from analytical clinical chemistry/immunology instruments (Centaur XP, CP, XPT and AIM) with patient’s specimens MDPs, Commercial controls and standards
Did trouble shooting and problem solving for developing and manufacturing organic synthetic compounds used as a raw material in the development of laboratory diagnostics assays reagents
Reviewed more than hundred QNs and SCRAP QNs as a senior Biochemist and part of the team react and responded to CAPA (Corrective and Preventive Action) and NC (Non-Conformance) determinations as needed

Immunotrex Biologics Inc., Tyngsborough, MA 01/2017 –12/2018
Senior Scientific Consultant
Designed and interpreting preclinical and clinical pharmacology studies to bring the drugs from bench to bedside
Strategic planning of In vivo/In vitro experiments
Reviewed old SOPs and developed new SOPs to test new investigational drug molecules
Cell culture and apoptotic/toxicology assays development to test the efficacy of new investigational anticancer drugs
The development cancer therapeutics by targeting cancer cells and their ability to proliferate. The ribosome is the site of protein production within the cell and it is vital organelle for cellular survival
Ribosomal complexes form in response to the presence of mRNA and translates into proteins via ribosomal complexes. The approach was to inhibit the tRNA and the ribosomes within cancer cells.

Fisher College, Boston, MA 01/2011 –12/2017
Part Time Teaching Faculty
Taught Undergraduate Science lecture and lab courses
Capable to manage Zoom full online and hybrid courses

Roger Williams Medical Center, Providence, RI 01/2010 –12/2011
Associate Research Scientist
Developed genetically modified therapeutic T cells for the treatment of Gastrointestinal stromal tumor
Human blood and mouse spleen T cell isolation
Tumor and T cell culture (mouse and human) and transduction
Cell proliferation assay, Cytotoxicity, ELISA (Direct, Indirect, Competitive and Sandwich), MTT assay, Cytometric bead array (CBA)
IP injections of therapeutic monoclonal antibodies

Albert Einstein College of Medicine, Bronx, NY 06/2006 –01/2010
Research Scientist
Discovery of new diagnostic and therapeutic markers (oncogenic proteins)
DNA/RNA purification by Phenol Chloroform. Plasmid DNA extraction by Miniprep and Maxiprep
Transfection of cells with desired plasmid construct(s)
RNA and protein extraction from human and mouse tissue and cell lines
PCR, Gradient PCR, Gill Bates mutant Assay and WT Assay for Knock-in Mice, qPCR (Sybr Green), Enzyme assays (Alkaline phosphatase), Western blot
Probe preparation for Affymetrix and Nimblegen micro array analysis
FACS analysis (PI staining and cell cycle analysis)
Immunohistochemistry (paraffin embedded and frozen sections)
Archival RNA extraction from archival formalin-fixed tissue
High-Throughput Tissue Microarray developed and analyzed from 46 colorectal patient’s biopsy sections
Mouse handling, coding, genotyping and sacrifice, mouse injection for Brdu incorporation

Harvard Medical School and Massachusetts General Hospital, Boston, MA 2000 – 2005
Postdoctoral Research Fellow
Department of Pediatrics, Laboratory of Developmental Immunology, Harvard Medical School (HMS) & Massachusetts General Hospital (MGH), Boston, MA. Techniques used during antiviral drug discovery program were
Cell culture for small- and large-scale protein production
Cryopreservation of cells
Purification/crystallization of proteins expressed by Escherichia coli (E. coli), Chinese hamster ovary (CHO) cells and Yeast cells.
Used column chromatography techniques including affinity column protein purification (His-Tagged, Protein A & FPLC), protein crystallization by commercial kits and custom-made solutions, and crystal growth measurement to explore new therapeutic targets.
Structural analysis of the receptor of measles virus Signaling lymphocytic activation molecule (SLAM).
Expressing and purifying the SLAM protein.
Engaged in crystallizing and determining its structure.
Expressed, purified and crystallized Lymphotropic polyomavirus (LPV) from a B-lymphoblastoid cell line of an African green monkey, which shares common characteristics to human polyomavirus.

North East Wales Institute, UK March 1995 – October 1999
Doctoral Research Student
Developed expertise in peptide synthesis and purification, glutaraldehyde conjugation of peptide with BSA & KLH, protein structure-based immunogenic peptide selection for anti-native protein polyclonal antibody generation, testing antibody reactivity with natured and denatured protein, polyclonal/ monoclonal antibody purification, characterization of antibodies using ELISA assay, competitive ELISA assay, Western blot, Immunohistochemistry, and epitope mapping of antibodies by phage-displayed peptide library
Fmoc peptide synthesis, desalting and HPLC column purification of peptides, freeze-drying, conjugation with BSA and KLH for immunization.
Chemical coupling of peptides confirmation on SDS-PAGE, use of conjugated synthetic peptides to produce monoclonal antibodies, immunization of mice with conjugated peptides, antibody screening (ELISA, Western blot and Immunohistochemistry) and characterization of monoclonal antibodies.
Epitope Mapping of monoclonal antibodies by phage displayed peptide library.
DNA extraction, purification and denaturation, DNA sequencing by Sanger sequencing method
Determination of epitopes of monoclonal antibodies.
Studies of binding of antibodies with peptide attached to ELISA plates using mouse polyclonal sera and monoclonal antibodies.
Determination of Immunoglobulin subtyping of monoclonal antibodies.

Previously served as a Medical Technologist (Biochemist, Kidney Unit, JPMC), Consultant Clinical Biochemist and Pathology Laboratory Director (MOH Licensed, KSA), taught to under and postgraduate students.
SELECTED RESEARCH PUBLICATIONS

https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/?term=Ahmed+N+Mariadason+JM
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/?term=Ahmed+N++Morris+Ge
https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/21697460/
Nephrology and urology patients’ research publications are not included in the list
EDUCATION
Ph.D. (Biological Sciences/Biotechnology) University of Wales, UK 1995 – 1999
Contact this candidate