Sharath Julakanti
Nashville, Tennessee, United States
linkedin.com/in/sharath-julakanti-7b4a86151
adc9s1@r.postjobfree.com 615-***-****
Summary
Sharath Julakanti is technically trained on ingredient development, food safety, food product innovation, food and drug analysis and food hydrocolloids. He is aspiring to apply his share of knowledge to real-world problems to make food better. He enjoys learning and sharing knowledge, helping colleagues and volunteering his time for future generations. Experience
Research Assistant
Tennessee State University
Jan 2018 - Present (2 years 5 months +)
Ph.D (2018-2021)
My project is focused on multiple aspects of ingredient and product development from hempseed. Initial stages are focused on extraction and optimization of process of ingredients from hempseed. The second step deals with evaluation of the ingredients (physicochemical properties). The final part addresses specified use of the obtained ingrediets upon careful evaluation of functional properties. This is a fully funded Ph.D program sponsored by Department of Agricultual and Environmental sciences, Tennessee State University, Nashville. Accomplishments:
1. Mentored Undergrad students
2. Carefully handled errors/set up problems and prepared protocols for laboratory equipment (Malvern GPCmax with TDA, HPLC (Shimadzu and Agilent), Ares G2 strain controlled Rheometer, Tensiometer, Malvern Zeta sizer, Buchi B-290 spray dryer)
3. Elected as President of Food Science Club at TSU. 4. Trained colleagues on laboratory equipment and techniques. 5. Presented lectures in multiple seminars and undergraduate classes. Major Responsibilities include:
Project planning, experimental protocol development, equipment maintenance, problem solving, timely task execution, deliver results, weekly reporting and prepare manuscripts for publication. Master's Degree (2014-2016)
My project involves investigation of UV-irradiation treatment on degradation patulin in apple juice. This process was improved by introducing a photosensitizing compound (Riboflavin) to degrade patulin at highly reduced treatment times (reduced UV dosage aslo reduces loss of light sensitive micronutrients). Mycotoxin handling protocols were developed, analysis methods were set up on reverse-phase HPLC. During later part, milk was also treated to degrade aflatoxins (M1) using medium-pressure UV lamps. This program was fully funded by USDA NIFA grant(2014-2016).
Accomplishments:
1. Published 2 papers in international Journals
Sharath Julakanti - page 1
2. Vice-President of Food Science Club at Tennessee State University Volunteer
Adventure Science Center
Jan 2020 - Present (5 months +)
Develop simplified learning concepts for visitors of all age groups. Building a cheap and innovative demonstration to help people think and learn about a highly complicated concept. Currently suspended as a result of COVID-19 response actions.
President
Food science club, TSU
Jul 2019 - Present (11 months +)
This club represents a bridge between aspiring food science graduates and industry leaders in food science. The club organizes a lecture series on topics that educate and prepare students to be ready to encounter challenges in food industry as they approach graduation. Volunteer
Institute of Food Technologists (IFT)
May 2018 - Present (2 years 1 month +)
Review abstracts poster/oral presentations/competitions (IFT 2020) Help guests at IFT 2019, New Orleans, USA
Education
Tennessee State University
Doctor of Philosophy - PhD, Food Science
2018 - 2020
Tennessee State University
Master's degree, Food Science
2014 - 2016
INDIAN INSTITUTE OF CROP PROCESSING TECHNOLOGY, THANJAVUR Bachelor of Technology - BTech, Food Processs Engineering 2010 - 2014
Licenses & Certifications
SAS Certified Base Programmer for SAS 9 (CBP) - SAS 3YG63FG2CNVE175Y
SAS Certified Clinical Trials Programmer Using SAS 9 - SAS Z5PZL4GK2J411KSX
HACCP (Food Safety) Auditor - Indian Institute Of Food Processing Technology[3] GMP - Indian Institute Of Food Processing Technology[3] Honors & Awards
Graduate Assistantship Award - Tennessee State University Aug 2014
Scholarship awarded for a period of 2 years through the completion of masters program Sharath Julakanti - page 2
Graduate Assistantship Award - Tennessee State University Jan 2018
Scholarship awarded for Ph.D program
Competition Finalist - Institute of Food Technologists Jun 2016
My poster on "Degradation of Patulin in apple juice using UV-C irradiation" was selected as one of the six finalists in non-thermal technologies division during IFT 2016. Reviewer - Journal of Food Processing and Preservation Jan 2020
Reviewed paper submission for publication
Skills
Food ingredients • High-Performance Liquid Chromatography (HPLC) • Emulsion formulation • Food Processing • Food Safety • Laboratory Skills • Food Science • Chemistry • Analytical Chemistry • Food product development Sharath Julakanti - page 3
Contact this candidate