KAVYA HEMMANUR

• adi90e@r.postjobfree.com • http://www.linkedin.com/in/kavya-hemmanur •Cell: 475-***-**** • St. Charles, MO-63108,

Research Scientist with 4 years of experience in academic research. Effective team player, independent contributor or project team representative. Organized, ambitious and results driven.

WORK EXPERIENCE

WASHINGTON UNIVERSITY IN ST. LOUIS • Missouri • June 2018-Present

SENIOR RESEARCH TECHNICIAN

Product development: Manufacture of neoantigen DNA vaccines at GMP laboratory for use in phase 1 and 2 clinical trials
Perform product release testing, ensure compliance to standard operating procedure, and generate product release documentation and certificate of analysis
Quality Control: Perform Identity and purity assays on bacterial culture, analyze the data, write SOPs and generate reports
Strong understanding of method validation within the following platforms Chromatography, PCR, qPCR, Microbiology, DNA sequencing, gel electrophoresis of nucleic acids and absorption spectroscopy (UV/VIS)
Train other technicians acting as group leader
Support small manufacturing team in designing and interpreting GMP compliant experiments, scale up procedures and data validation
Provide data documentation, study report and characterization records and ensure GLP and GMP compliance also while involved in preparing documents for FDA submissions

RESEARCH TECHNICIAN II

Managed a team of 5 for the creation of 3D brain slicer model acting as group leader
Managed the pipeline of inbound research requests from various teams across the organization
Developed and implemented process improvement, strategic changes and scientific innovation through working cross-departmentally
Managed and prepared status reports to update the supervisors on the team’s progress
Conducted MR imaging on Human brain tissue and processing of data
Image Analyst: Quality Control analysis of the structural MR images using Freesurfer

University of Bridgeport • Connecticut • Jan 2017-May 2018
GRADUATE RESEARCH ASSISTANT

Modeled a bio sensor to detect interactions between mis match repair proteins and DNA using Lab-on-Chip method
Experienced in handling electrochemical impedance spectroscopy and cyclic voltammetry
Mentored and trained nearly 10 other graduate and undergraduate students on electrochemical impedance spectroscopy and Cyclic Voltammetry
Pioneered the formation of free-standing films for solar cells using electro polymerization of Chalcogenides.
Presented my research at various scientific conferences ranging from 150-500 people

Bio-Axis DNA Research Center • Hyderabad, India • Dec 2015- May 2016
INTERN

Conducted novel research on Thalassemia disorder
Gained hands-on experience on DNA extraction, DNA sequencing, BLAST search, ITASSER and deep view software
Knowledge of analytical methods/technologies used in biologic and synthetic development and manufacturing

SKILLS/EXPERTISE

Flexible and efficient at shifting priorities to meet project, Team and department goals
Successful track record working with academia to facilitate biomedical research
Adept at interpreting/summarizing experimental data for manuscripts and research reports
Advanced knowledge and application of experimental methods in cell and molecular biology
Molecular Biology Techniques: Nucleic acid isolation, PCR, RT-PCR, Cell culture and media preparation, SnapGene
Microbiology techniques: Bacterial culture, transformation, isolation and Extraction, staining techniques

RESEARCH PUBLICATIONS and CONFERENCE PRESENTATIONS

Govindappa, M., Hemmanur, K. C., & Nithin, S. (2015). In Vitro Anti-HIV Activity of Partially Purified Coumarin(s) Isolated from Fungal Endophyte, Alternaria Species of Calophyllum inophyllum, (July), 321–328

Dandamudi, M., Hemmanur K.C. (2016). Molecular Characterization of HBB and associated Polymorphism rs33915217 Involved in Beta Thalassemia, 4, 819–821

Kavya Hemmanur., Sanjay Robin., Prabir Patra., Isaac Macwan., Juan Liu., Manju Hingorani., Graphene Patterned Microchip for colorectal cancer detection. 2017 Biomedical Engineering society annual meeting in Phoenix.

Kavya Hemmanur., Sanjay Robin., Prabir Patra., Isaac Macwan., Graphene Patterned Microchip for colorectal cancer detection. American Society for Engineering Education-Northeast section 2018 at Hartford, CT.

David H Ballad., Uday Jammalamadaka., Karthik Tappa., Kavya Hemmanur. Antibiotics in 3D-printed implants,instruments and materials: benefits, challenges, and future directions (2019) J. 3D Print. Med. 10.2217/3dp-2019-0007

EDUCATION & TRAINING

Master of Science: Biomedical Engineering
University of Bridgeport – Bridgeport, CT – GPA 3.7
Thesis: Graphene Patterned Microchip for the detection of Colorectal cancer

Bachelor of Engineering: Biotechnology
Visveswaraya Technological University – India – GPA 3.5
Thesis: "In vitro anti-HIV activity of partially purified coumarins isolated from fungal endophyte, Alternaria species of
Calophyllum inophyllum"

CERTIFICATIONS

1.GCP for Clinical Trials with Investigational Drugs and Biologics (ICH Focus)
https://www.citiprogram.org/verify/?we778fc7a-7438-4c2c-93fc-9db906cf9ccb-27456989
2.GCP for Clinical Trials with Investigational Drugs and Medical Devices (U.S. FDA Focus)
https://www.citiprogram.org/verify/?wd1cdbe41-890f-45f9-bb34-6ebee74f3f04-27456990
3.Good Clinical Practice ICH GCP E6, R1 & R2
Contact this candidate