Curriculum Vitae

ASHISH DIXIT Email: -adm26b@r.postjobfree.com
S/O Dr. Jagdish Dixit Mob. No. 070********
Add: - Near Police station Home Mob. No. 094********
Bajarang Nagar, P.O. - Leoruwa
Dobhi Jaunpur [U.P.]
Pin Code: - 222148

Objective:-
I am looking for a professionally challenging and rewarding carrier that allow me to utilize job experience and creativity to further advance my knowledge, skills and life and to serve that parent organization with utmost fidelity.
Experience and Job Profile
Designation Level: J10 (Sr. Research Scientist equal to Dy. Manager)
Current and Global Designation s- Analytical R & D Analyst-II
Job Description:
Responsible for Reviewing of the all raw and electronic data and documents:
oResponsible for all types of audits in Lab.
oMaintaining the GLP, GMP and QMS in Lab.
oReviewer of the received documents from other locations, summarized the analytical requirements for execution and timely initiated to have the same, all observations shared with concern person to get them resolved and summarized.
oCoordination with CRD and Pilot team and provided analytical support for process verification and Piloting scale up of all running projects.
oMaintaining of Calibration calendar, communicate with external engineers and ensuring all calibration are being done on time, data review and archive and complete the task on time without any deviation.
oCoaching team members on performance, evaluations and recommending pay action.
oCoordinating and supervising the daily activities of business or technical support or QC team.
oExercising with limited man power employee performance objectives, conducting performance reviewers.
oTracking on RM orders, delivery schedule, active discussion with pilot teams to understand business need and priority.
oSampling of RMs, conducting/coordinating analysis, preparation of CoA within committed timeline.
oPreparation of in process and final STPs and Analytical control.
oReviewer of stability and hold time study of the Intermediates and Final API.
oReviewer of certificate of analysis from raw data.
oReviewer of calibration of ARD Lab equipment on Daily, Monthly and Quarterly as per schedule.
oReviewer of calibration data of HPLC, UPLC, GC, GC-HS, K.F Titrator, pH Meter and analytical balance.
oMaintaining and Review documents such as laboratory note books, Analytical work sheets, electronic data collection, instrument log books, Instruments calibration reports, Calibration calendar yearly.
Responsible for maintenance and services for the following equipment s at the Lab:
HPLC, UPLC, GC, GC-HS, K.F Titrator,UPLC-H Class, Density meter, Viscometer, DSC, TGA, Halogen moisture IR balance, pH Meter and analytical balance and also responsible for installation of new instruments in Lab.
Responsible for monitoring of the following activities:
o Planning the work in advance and execute it. Monitoring the Lab work, daily calibration and documentation shift wise. Feedback to Leader for the better way.
o Supervisor for all non-routine lab work activity with proper hot, height and cold work permit wrt safety aspects.
o With consideration of the fact that Prevention is better than cure, always summarize the project requirements in advance before sample moves to laboratory. Confirm and discuss to get them arrange for availability & non availability of analytical standards, chemicals and columns etc.
o Analytical method development for reaction monitoring to all intermediates and final API.
o Analytical method development for Impurity profile or related substance of raw material, Intermediates and final API.
o Analytical method development for Assay of raw material, Intermediates and final API.
o LC-MS compatible method development.
o Reviewer of Complete analysis of API.
o Troubleshooting and solving technical problems for the analytical instruments.
Other Responsibility as a site active member:
Emergency Response Team Member, Fire Fighter, First Aider, Safety Champion, SOP Trainer

PRESENT & PAST EXPERIENCE SUMMARY

Sr. No.
Industry
Department
Designation
DOJ
DOR
1
TEVA API INDIA Ltd. R&D”-Gajraula (U.P.)
AR&D
Sr. Research Scientist (J10)
05/10/2009
Till Date
2
Insilco Limited (Evonic Industries Germany)
QC Lab
Sr. Officer
05/02/2001
30/09/2009
Achievements
1.Safety Slogan winner since last 8 years continuously.
2.Safety Quiz Winner.
3.Registered First aider, ERT member and fire fighter.
4.Took Long Service Award in both company.
Area of Interest:-
Quality control, Research & Development (Analytical R & D), Quality Assurance, Safety and Environment.
Instruments handled:-
HPLC/UPLC/RRLC with UV and PDA (software- Empower)
GC-HS and GC (software- Empower)
IR-Spectrometer
Density meter
Viscometer
DSC and TGA
UV-Visible Spectrometer
Potentiometer (Auto titrator)
Polari meter
Microscope (Leica)
Halogen moisture IR balance
Tri-Star (Surface area meter)
Karl Fischer Apparatus and others analytical Instruments
TOC Analyzer
Professional Qualification:-
M.Sc. with Organic Chemistry from VBS Purvanchal University, Jaunpur with Ist division in 1998-1999.
B.Sc. with (BZC) from VBS Purvanchal University, Jaunpur with Ist division in 1996.
12th with (BZC) from U.P. Board, Allahabad with IInd division in 1993.
10th from U.P. Board, Allahabad with Ist division in 1991.
Strengths:-
■ I act with integrity and responsibility. I hold myself to the highest professional and ethical standards. We uphold quality in all I do.
■ I identify opportunities and lead the way for myself to execute them effectively.
■ I act on our values when I focus on delivery: I execute with focus and determination.
■ I hold myself accountable for my own actions and results.
■ I look at new ways of working that can deliver departmental value.
■ I manage to all Lab activities like, installation of new instrument, non-routine activity and safety review with CFT. (Cross functional team)
Personal Profile:-

Date of Birth : 15th September 1976
Father's Name : Dr. Jagdish Dixit
Mother's Name : Mrs. Bimla Dixit
Nationality : Indian
Languages known : English, Hindi
Marital status : Married
Hobbies : Playing Badminton & Athlete

Date- 08/01/2021 With Best Regard s
Place- Gajraula (U.P.)
Ashish Dixit
Contact this candidate