Page *
Seeking industry CAREER WORK STRENTH FUNCTIONAL Bioanalytical Drug AREA to a OBJECTIVE: utilize challenging AND Metabolism strict solver. Guidelines. compliance handled Capable Readily Effective Can GLP Handling Interacts Review Implement Method Handling Depth AND OF my SKILLS work INTEREST: and quality, Department education TECHNICAL knowledge protocol, development accept trouble to with communicator and USFDA, USFDA, a under and and Team, lead with : C-quantity, auditors responsible Pharmacokinetics 204, challenges, revise shooting. and high regulations and raw of ANVISA, Allocation EMEA, Gala Email:Garden Liquid COMPETENCY: guide professional pressure Contact data of SOPs with and Ahmedabad, Gym and large CURRICULAM alayvshah10381@WHO, and data sponsors a position Chromatography Proactive, WHO Pin and Residency supporting as team of Khana Mr. and No. environment report Work, necessary. integrity Code: company TGA, Research Alay skills. : and small of +in Gujarat, road, 91-in professionals to Complete Motivated, EMEA ANVISA, 380058 Shah the matters 2, to 840******* assure molecules. and VITAE B/other South policy pharmaceutical with H gmail.and time India. audit. Shyam of accuracy, QC, the CDSCO, high Bopal, and Mass Goal parameters. bioanalytical com to project QA, procedures. achieve efficiency. Villa oriented spectrometry, RA completeness ICH-1, with and departments. results GCP department. and in biotechnology timeline. problem regulatory against regularly and research Page 2
WORK Jan Dec 2008-2004-EXPERIENCE Current: Nov Easily Ensures causes to 2007: minimize understand Research Research and thorough Sr.Pvt. SUMMARY: Leading 5500 Member To basis. To Documentation Accurately Bio peptide, Bioanalytical Urine, Designing Standard Report Documentation Troubleshoot areas Operation, US and the Research the Ltd.receive, check o o o o FDA, 5500) possibility implementation Analytical LC-of, Serum Center, Reliability Laboratory Maintenance Evaporator, Method investigations and and Ahmadabad, Officer, small : of the MS/EMA Operating and systems. record of Safety maintenance Scientist, Review handle grasp two MS Validation etc.Bioanalytical maintain critical molecule) Vadodara, and of development and of Method Pharmacokinetics systems. ) group recurrence. and new methods the committee. automation using and GLP pH of implementation Procedure of of Gujarat, are Bioanalytical quality bioanalytcal bioanalytical the instrument Meter, effective laboratory storage Safety in guidelines. LC-in and development and performed Gujarat, Data carrying and different Protocols, MS/for of India. subsequent Solid periodical shower, (being analytical of the SOP)different corrective/MS software instrumentation India. studies working division, results issues Phase out of leading with biological Department, produced . GLP Standard Eye for BA/calibration biological complete data and preventive Extractor) in biosample as standards and BE System. washer, different to Accutest study well matrix projects. the by analysis support Test (assignment LC-as Pipette, adherence matrices documentation. Sun of First hardware. actions molecule(MS/Research analysis LC-Procedure using DMPK Pharma Aid MS MS/Centrifuge, (kit CAPA) to MS of API like (on like the Laboratories team root ((STP) Advanced 4000 periodical API ANVISA, steroids, Plasma, in 4000 and and the Page 3
English, Basic Date Sex Marital Nationality *Aug ACADEMIC Languages: COMPUTER PERSONAL I and May Reference: will 2004-development. 2004-of contribute computer The The The Status Master Post Bachelor Birth Hindi, Dec Aug Maharaj Maharaj Maharaj Available Graduate BACKGROUND: INFORMATION: LITERACY: of Gujarati 2004: 2004: with in towards Science Chemistry, Sayaji Sayaji Sayaji Word, : : : : Trainee center, Trainee Therapeutic if Diploma required. in team Rao Rao Rao Excel, Physical Male Married March, Indian Alembic Year-Research in Senior Univerisity Univerisity Univerisity building Applied Power Research 2001, 10, and Limited, 1981 Research point Polymer Biochemistry, and 2nd Associate, of of of Ltd.Baroda, Baroda, Baroda, Class presentation, Vadodara, like, Ahmadabad, Chemistry, to Associate, work Vadodara, Vadodara, Vadodara, Bioequivalence Year-Gujarat, in photocopy 2002, Year-an Gujarat, Gujarat, Gujarat, Gujarat, Bioanalytical environment India. 2004, 1st Alay Class Department, and India. Inida Inida Inida 2nd Vipinchandra scan. Class Department, conductive BioArc to Research Lambda Shah growth Place: Ahmadabad
Contact this candidate