RESUME

A. Kala Cell: +91-755*******
E-Mail: adpnbs@r.postjobfree.com

Career Objective:
To utilize my technical skills for achieving the target and developing the best performance in the organization. I would work in an innovative environment with dedication and commitment in a organization and create wonders by becoming expert of the field.

Academic Profile:
Course
Institution
Board/University
Year of completion
Aggregate %
B.E (ECE)
Panimalar Engineering College, Chennai.
Anna University

2018

82.0%

Diploma (ECE)

P.T.Lee.Chengalvaraya Naicker Polytechnic College, Chennai.

Department Of Technical Education

2015

93.0%

H.S.C
Chennai Girls Higher Secondary School, Aminjikarai,Chennai.

State Board
2013
83.0%
S.S.L.C
S.K.D.J. Higher Secondary School, Thiruverkadu, Chennai.
State Board
2011
90.4%

Work Summary:
Worked as Research Scientist in SAMEER-CEM, Chennai since February 2019 to August 2021. Is a member of the calibration laboratory under the Electromagnetic Compatibility (EMC) Division. Primary responsibility includes calibration of EMI/EMC Test and Measurement Equipment as per various international standards such as IEEE, IEC, CISPR etc. Work also involve up keeping and maintenance of the laboratory as per the quality procedures of the ISO 17025 Std.

Experience:
RF and Microwave measurement using equipment such as N/W analyzers, High frequency signal generators, Spectrum Analyzers etc.
Calibration of RF equipment and devices such as Attenuators, RF power amplifiers
Antenna Calibration for the EMC specific parameters such as Antenna Factor as per international standards such as ANSI C63.5 & SAERPD 958D.
Transient waveform measurements such as calibration and testing of High Energy / Telecom Surge Generator, Electric Fast Transient Generator, Damped Oscillator Waveform Generator, ESD Simulator, Automotive etc.
Good understanding and experience in estimating the uncertainty in measurement.
Familiarity in Lab Management in accordance with ISO 17025 standard.
Participated in the ISO 17025 assessment of the laboratory for the accreditation by the National Accreditation Board for Testing and Calibration Laboratories (NABL). Demonstrated the competency of the laboratory and completed the activities for the timely completion of the closure of the NCs.
Maintenance and up keeping of the Laboratory.
Coordinated with external laboratories for the calibration and maintenance of the Master standards used at the laboratory.
Hands on training imparted to the newly recruited members of the laboratory.

Training Programmes Undergone
One Day workshop on EMC organized at SAMEER Centre for Electromagnetics during 24 January, 2020.
One day Workshop on Computer Service and Network at P.T.Lee Chengalvaraya Naicker Engineering & Technology.
Oneday Workshop on CPU Assembling and Disassembling at Advantage and Pro.

Other activities:
Supported in organizing the One Day wokshop on EMC organized at SAMEER Centre for Electromagnetics during 24 January, 2020.
Won three first prizes consecutively for the Poster Competition held at SAMEER-CEM in connection with the Swachh Bharat Abhiyan, during 2020 and 2021 and that held in connection with the 150th Birth Anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi

Software Proficiency:
Languages: Basics in C, C++
Tools: MATLAB, PSpice, Xilinx, Keil.

Project Details:

Title: Microcontroller based shopping mall security
The objective of this project is to improve the security performance of the shops in the malls by using RFID system and also to send the short message to the owner about open and close details .

Title: Social Media : New Perspectives to improve the Remote Sensing for Emergency Response
The objective of the project is to monitor the garbage and drainage details using twitter account it does not clean means it will send the message and picture to the corporation office.

Credentials:
Typewriting in English (Junior) has passed in first class in with distinction from DOTE.
BE year project work has been submitted publishing in the journal of IJERT as New Perspectives to improve the Remote Sensing for Emergency Response .

Areas of Interest:
Communication
Antenna
EMI /EMC
Microwave Engineering

Personal Details:
Name: A. Kala
Fathers Name: S. Arumugam
Date of Birth: 04/03/1995
Hobbies: Listening Music, Cooking, Drawing, Craft work
Nationality: Indian
Marital Status: Single
Languages Known: Tamil, English
Address: No. 24/178,Thiruvalluvar Street,
Senthamizh Nagar, Thiruverkadu, Chennai-600077.

Declaration:
I do hereby confirm that the information given in this statements to do the best of my knowledge and belief.

Place: (A. Kala)
Date :
Contact this candidate