Asish Sharma, PhD, CV
ASISH KUMAR SHARMA, PhD
Contact: +91-773*******, E-Mail: adqsoc@r.postjobfree.com
+62-811*******, E-Mail: adqsoc@r.postjobfree.com Current Location: Medan, Sumatra Utara, Indonesia
JOB OBJECTIVE
To secure a challenging position in a reputable organization to expand my learning’s, knowledge, and skills PROFILE SUMMARY
Originally from India, I am graduated from Premium Indian Institute of technology Roorkee
(IITR), India with a PhD / Master of Science in Chemistry, focus coordination Chemistry. I have over 15 years of working experiences include New product development – Medical disposal Gloves, functional elastomer / polymer, thermoplastic elastomer, polymer synthesis via different process, emulsion, solution, suspension, catalyst synthesis.
Over period of academic and professional journey earned the expertise in innovative disposal gloves (Examination gloves based –chloroprene, nitrile and blend latex, Surgical gloves – isoprene, natural, and blend latex), latex blend, formulation design, compounding process, self-healing film technology, breathable technology, surface functionalization, encapsulation technology, hydrophobic technology, block copolymer synthesis, luminescent materials, collaborative research work with third parties for development new resources / knowledge / mutual exchange of core expertise from university academician /vendors/ suppliers. Still this journey is continues.
Currently associate with P. T. Medisafe Indonesia & YTY, Malaysia (Indorama Corporation) technologies as R&D Manager to innovative and cultivate science creative approach regarding glove development. Strong analytical approach to determine physical properties based on Latex and curative behaviours, processes and techniques throughout development procedures. Carry from an idea generation till pilot trail production, (trials, data gathering and analysis, tests, validation and online production troubleshooting, Innovative product, new product development.
Additionally, I spent 7.5 years in a world reputed company, Samsung chemicals (Cheil Industries, Now lotto chemicals), South Korea and Reliance industries Ltd, India in R&D job role as Research Scientist and Sr Research scientist respectively, where I was instrumental in establishing and leading the process and new product development from lab scale to pilot to plant along with troubleshooting support at manufacturing sites. CORE COMPETENCIES
Planning & conducting the work programme for own research contribution, using methodologies and techniques appropriate to the type of research. Theoretical and research base work on new product development.
Updating published papers/patent/ Industrial competent product / New technology for the purpose of understanding the research area and perceiving where new contributions should be made either in existing product or new product development.
Expertise in polymer synthesis and process (Bottleneck, auto clave and reactor based polymerisation) focus on elastomer. Latex and tailor made polymer using different polymer technique either solution or emulsion or suspension.
Preparation of technical reports, internal documentations, patents and analytical studies about the product manufacturing industry and its market trend
Reviews and approves quality documents (standard operating procedures, specifications, test methods, work instructions, risk assessments, technical/validation protocols, and reports, etc.), non-conformance investigations, CAPA, and change controls
High communication skill to dealing with vendors / technology transfer, internal customer/ business team.
New product development project to fit specific application requirements and meet the deliverables plan and milestones
Influences senior leaders, and external colleagues/partners, across subject areas, as well as globally in driving, and aligning, strategic and operational activities between business units/functions
Analyses laboratory performance and quality data for quarterly site management and annual product reviews. ORGANISATIONAL EXPERIENCE
Jul’18 – Present P. T. Medisafe Technologies / YTY (Indorama Corporation), Indonesia as R&D Manager Key Result Areas
To responsible for new product development, process development & quality improvement.
To lead a team of technologist in a R&D unit on development of new product and also qualification to maximize performance of material through innovative solution and idea.
To schedule, plan and conduct pilot run until new product, process or materials is successfully evaluation and transfer to manufacturing.
To align internal activities and project to support company strategy and goals. This job is working closely with marketing team for product certification, new product development and launching.
To interface with core management team on new product development projects and product launching, status update fortnight/ monthly / quarterly/ yearly
Asish Sharma, PhD, CV
To understand the new product SKU as per customer demands and tailor made product development from hand dip to plant production – optimize the dipping process from coagulant to oven curing temperature to stripping. To validate the product through required ASTM/ EN455, weight, colour and SKU
To support the production through technical input and troubleshooting.
To engage with synthetic latex / Chemicals- manufacture and supplier in regular basis for technical discussion
To create and developed new Intellectual Properties through new materials application or chemistry
To manager of a scientific team spread across two manufacturing sites and two countries (Indonesia/ Malaysia)
To enhance the machine utilization, efficiency, final product AQL and control over torn, rejection of gloves
To manage annual R&D budget and allocated resources Highlights
New Patent in gloves and innovative film formation under progress. Patent application : PCT/IB2021/054409 Developed Accelerator free technology based- Low dermatitis examination medical devices. Developed novel blend latex of CR/NIT/IR with accelerator free formulation with low modulus and high elongation comparable to latex gloves
Developed the technology to have uniform coating of emollients Developed Biodegradable synthetic examination gloves Developed Examination/ Surgical medical devices for world renowned company Introduced new technology – Biodegrade glove, hydrophobic gloves, new application of graphene, carbon nano tube, aluminium silicate as functional additives
Successfully Introduced the new cross linker based polycarbodiimide, epoxy, silane epoxy etc. Implemented QCC(Quality control circle)- seven tools system to control DPM, rejection Jan’14 – Jun’18 Reliance Industrial Ltd, Navi, Mumbai, India as Senior Manager Key Result Areas
Managed for new product development involving the polymerisation, product characterisation from lab scale to pilot scale up of elastomers (e.g Emulsion Styrene butadiene rubber (ESBR), Z-N based high Cis Polybuatdiene rubber
(PBR)) for a wide range of applications including automotive, adhesive, tire, and shoe end use application.
Engaged a large portfolio of several technical projects concerning of three operations sites for quality and process improvement especially for macrostructure and microstructure, properties of resulted product
Coordinated with manufacturing site, sales team and customers for scale-ups, trials and new product introductions
Managed a team of professionals for R&D operations and new business development Highlights
Developed new vendor for process chemicals through extensive lab trails –ex Vegetable fatty acid Developed functional emulsion SBR form lab to pilot scale successfully Developed the structure properties relationship between Fatty/ Rosin ratio physical properties of end SBR Improved process and chain stop agent in Z-N based poly butadiene rubber Nov’13 – Dec’13 Birla Tire Industry, Laksar, India as Assistant project Manager (Short term project) Key Result Areas
Compounding and material development for Motorcycle, Passenger Car radial, Truck Bus Bias tyres. Highlights
Streamlined the compounding process and product management at Banbury Area Aug’10 – July’13 Samsung Cheil Industries Inc (Lotte Chemicals), Yeosu, South Korea as Assistant Manager Key Result Areas
Handled the entire gamut of activities like designing, scheduling and coordinating detailed phase of work involving Solution based Styrene -Butadiene Rubber (SBR) and Poly butadiene rubber along with solution polymer synthesis of (Acrylonitrile -Butadiene-Styrene)ABS,HIPS from R&D perspective
To responsible in development of new products/ lead a team of researcher
Explored physical/mechanical property testing in support of structure-property relationships of polymers
Development of Ziegler-Natta Catalyst and Single Site Molecular Catalyst for Poly butadiene rubber Highlights
Dexterously developed Anionic Polymerization Technology at Lab (5 liter) and Pilot Scale (550 liter) Instrumental in synthesizing different types (Linear, Block, Random, Radial & Branched) SBR with Tuning Microstructure (Vinyl, Cis & Trans, Block Styrene) and Macrostructure in aromatic and aliphatic solvent Efficiently carried out experiment to support the development of the polymer and resin, C- ABS, HIPS with different type rubber to ensure continuous high performance along with down cost & quality assurance of existing plastic
Nov’09 – Jul’10 Ulsan National Institute of Science and Technology, Ulsan, South Korea as Researcher Project Handled
Synthesis of Light Responsive Nano Materials and Application Highlights
Asish Sharma, PhD, CV
Significantly contributed in the synthesis and characterisation of nano particle (Gold, Silver, Quantum Dots ) Effectively conducted surface modification of nano particle by using the layer by layer technique and encapsulation in block copolymer
Jul’07 – Oct’09 Sunchon National University, Suncheon, South Korea as Postdoc Project Handled
Synthesis, Search and Development of luminescent material using combinatorial chemistry. Highlights
Extensively researched and developed new luminescent materials with optimization of luminance and colour chromaticity of phosphors through heuristic based solution combinatorial chemistry.
Successfully published the research work International peer review Journals with High Impact Journals Asish Kumar Sharma, K. H. Son, B. Y. Han, Kee-Sun Sohn, Advance functional material, 20, (2010),1750. Asish Kumar Sharma, C. Kulshreshtha, Kee-Sun Sohn, Advance functional material, 19, (2009), 1705. Asish Kumar Sharma, C. Kulshreshtha, K. Sohn, Kee-Sun Sohn, ACS Combinatorial Science,11, (2009),131. C. Kulshreshtha, Asish Kumar Sharma, Kee-Sun Sohn, Journal of electrochemical Society, 156, (2009), J52. C. Kulshreshtha, Asish Kumar Sharma, Kee-Sun Sohn, ACS Combinatorial Science, 10, (2008), 421. Asish Kumar Sharma, Kee-Sun Sohn, Journal of the Society for Information display, 17, (2009), 1070. Jun’05 – Sep’06 Sunchon National University, Suncheon, South Korea as Postdoctoral Research Associate Project Handled
Engaged to synthesis new organometallic compels of conjugated monometallic and bimetallic complexes of Ruthenium, Iridium and Gold to elucidate structural trends in the electro-luminescence. EDUCATION
2005 Ph.D. (Chemistry) from Indian Institute of Technology, Roorkee, India with First Class Title “Polypyrazolylborate Complexes of Mn and Co: Synthesis, Structural and Reactivity Studies” Supervisor: Professor Udai Partap Singh, Department of Chemistry 2001 M.Sc. (Chemistry) from Indian Institute of Technology, Roorkee, India with CGPA 7.33/10 1999 B.Sc. (Physics, Chemistry, Mathematics) from C. C. S University, Roorkee, India with (First Class) 1995 10+2 (Physics, Chemistry, Mathematics) from K V Inter College Laksar, UP Board (College Topper) 1993 10 (Science) from K V Inter College Laksar, UP Board (College Topper). FELLOWSHIPS / PROJECT
Designation: Graduate Research Project Fellow
Period: Sep’01 – Nov’06 at Indian Institute of Technology (IIT), Roorkee, India Project Handled: “Dioxygen Complexes of Mn and Co Synthesis, Molecular Structure and Reactivity Studies” Highlights
Udai P.Singh, Preeti babbar, Asish K. Sharma. Inorganica chimica Acta, 360, (2007), 226 U. P. Singh, A. K. Sharma, S. Hikichi, H. Komatsuzaki, Y. Moroko-oka and M. Akita. ICM, 359 (2006), 4407. Udai P. Singh, Asish. K. Sharma, P. Tyagi, Shailesh Upreti, Raj K. Singh. Polyhedron, 25, (2006), 3628. Udai P. Singh, Vaibhave Aggrawal Asish K. Sharma, Inorganica chimica Acta, 358, (2005), 271. Fellowship
Junior Research Fellowship (JRF) by Council of Scientific and Industrial Research (CSIR) in 2002 and subsequently upgraded to Senior Research Fellowship (SRF) in 2004
KOSEF (Korea Science and Engineering foundation) Fellowship, South Korea- 2007
BK-21 (Brain Korea -21) Fellowship, South Korea-2008
WCU (World Class University) Fellowship, South Korea-2009 KNOWLEDGE PURVIEW
Analytical Equipment such as, Powder XRD, Single Crystal X-Ray Diffraction, EDX, TEM, NMR, Near IR, Raman Spectroscopy, Uv-Visible Spectroscopy, Luminescence spectrophotometer, GPC/SEC, GC-MS, Zeta Potential
Physical-chemical characterization (DSC, TGA, DSC, FTIR, SEM, DMA) and Thermal Property (HDT, VST) along with rheological studies of polymers
Elastomer analysis through -Process and Rheology, Analytical and Chemical, Physical and Performance
High-throughput combinatorial chemistry methodology and Design of experiments using “Origin and Excel” software
EXTRAMURAL ENGAGEMENT / ACCOLADE / CONFERENCES
Received the Best Poster Award in XI-Modern Trend in Inorganic Chemistry, 2005, IIT Delh, India
Actively donated 8-12 hours in a month to Orphan Children and Old-age People
Industry-Academic Conclave -2014, IIT Indore (Invited Talk)
TRIZ Trends 2014, GE Bangalore- 21st March 2014
High Throughput Experiment Instruments training at Chemspeed Switzerland–5th July, 2014
Contact this candidate