Swarna Shikha, Ph.D.
Sunnyvale, California, United States
adqyhf@r.postjobfree.com, 669-***-****
https://www.linkedin.com/in/dr-swarna-shikha-ph-d-420a251b/ Technical skills –
● Analytical techniques: ICP-MS, UV-vis spectrophotometer
● Microbiology: Isolation and identification of Bacteria, Preparation of a wide variety of media and reagents, MPN methods, pour plating of various media types, and total coliform analysis of water via membrane filtration, antibiotic sensitivity test by agar well diffusion method, different types of staining, Transformation of the bacterial cell.
● Molecular Biology: DNA/RNA/ plasmid isolation of E. coli and Yeast, vector construction, sequence analysis, PCR, Gel electrophoresis, Gene cloning of PCR amplified fragment or restriction digested gene product, Preparation of electrocompetent and heat competent cells.
● Protein Biochemistry: protein analysis by SDS-PAGE, western blotting, ELISA, BSA assay, enzyme assay.
● Plant tissue culture: Agrobacterium-mediated transformation in pigeon pea and chickpea, in-vitro grafting. Work Experience
1. Postdoctoral Associate, Baylor university, Texas, USA Nov 2020-present
Project manager on USDA -APHIS funded project to develop novel antimicrobial encapsulated nanoparticles product.
Organization of tasks and design experiments for milestones related to the project on vector- borne HLB disease research and timely delivery of monthly project reports.
Drafted and implemented SOPs for analytical methods of ICP-MS for environmental pollutants in water, soil, food, and plant samples.
Method development for heavy metal ions as well as metal nanoparticles with ICP-MS.
Collaborated with companies in analyzing microplastic and nanoparticles.
Submission of manuscripts to peer-reviewed literature, data analysis and other laboratory duties.
Managed multiple research projects, sequentially including developed research proposals to apply for grants from NIH and NSF, developed teams, communicated with collaborators, supervised students, managed budget and timeline, prepared alternative approaches for unexpected results and situations, managed data, and delivered results (including publications and conference presentations).
2. Student Mentor, Carlmont Biotechnology Institute, California, USA Oct 2019 -April2021
Participated in orientation, training events, and additional mentoring activities. Motivated students to develop curiosity about Biotechnology careers.
Share information about your career and the path. Take student(s) on a job shadow.
Participate in a Biotech symposium once in a year and talk on related topics to junior students. 3. Doctoral Researcher and Teaching assistant, Jaypee Institute of Information Technology, India Aug 2014 - Feb 2019 Ph.D. awarded on "Screening Heavy Metal Tolerant Plants and Determining Their Phytoremediation Potential ". Research focused on phytoextraction potential of four selected plants Cicer arietinum, Brassica juncea, V.radiata and V. mungo against heavy metals in hydroponic culture and in soil. Metal analysis in plants parts and soil was measured by Inductively coupled plasma mass spectroscopy (ICP-MS)
Teaching and mentoring experience- Lectured class of 30 undergraduates, monitored students in lab, invigilation during exam and evaluated performances. Delivered lectures to B. Tech, M. Tech students, prepared course modules for laboratory experiments and conducted summer and winter projects for undergraduates. 4. Senior Research Fellow, Indian Institute of Pulses Research, India Apr 2011 - Jan 2013 Worked in a team of 15 on Project entitled “Development of pod borer resistant transgenic pigeonpea and chickpea (ICAR- NFBSFARA)”
Plant Tissue culture: Agrobacterium mediated transformation with Cry1Ac Gene., Regeneration of Pigeonpea and Chickpea, In vitro Grafting of Pigeon pea and Chickpea, Molecular analysis of putative transformants by SDS-PAGE, Elisa, Western blotting.
5. Researcher Internship, National Institute of Plant Genome Research, JNU, India Aug 2010 - Mar 2011 Studied and worked in molecular biology on pathogenic yeast using Candida albicans as a model system with an aim to understand the nature of virulent factors associated with the medically important yeast. Molecular Biology: Gene cloning of PCR amplified fragment or restriction digested gene product. Preparation of electro competent and heat competent cells. Isolation of genomic DNA, plasmid DNA, RNA and Protein. Gene expression study by detection of RNA (or isolated mRNA) as Northern Blotting, RT PCR and Southern blot for detection of a specific DNA sequence in DNA samples.
Protein concentration estimation from the crude protein extracts employing Bradford and Lowry methods and Biochemical essays.
6. Master’s Dissertation: Shri ram institute for industrial research, Delhi India January2009-June2009 Dissertation topic “Studies on heavy metal resistance and antibiotic resistance patterns of bacterial population isolated from effluent treated water of Delhi”.
Microbiology: Isolation and identification of Bacteria, Preparation of a wide variety of media and reagents, MPN methods, pour plating of various media types, and total coliform analysis of water by membrane filtration, antibiotic sensitivity test by agar well diffusion method, different types of staining, transformation of bacterial cell. Performed Quality testing and analysis of water (drinking water/wastewater), milk and food products, microbial analysis according to BIS and API standard.
Education
1. Jaypee Institute of Information Technology, Noida, India Ph.D., Biotechnology 2014 - 2019 2. Kalinga Institute of Industrial Technology Bhubaneswar, India M.Sc., Biotechnology 2007 - 2009 3. Sam Higginbottom University of Agriculture, Technology and Sciences (SHUATS), India B.Sc. (4 years -course), Biotechnology (Industrial Microbiology & Fermentation technology) 2003 - 2007 Undergraduate Projects: Sudha Dairy, Institute of Animal Health and Production, Indira Gandhi Institute of Medical Sciences, Patna and Biotech Park, Lucknow.
Journal Publications
1. Swarna Shikha and Pammi Gauba, Phytoremediation of copper and ciprofloxacin by Brassica juncea: Acomparative study, Journal of Chemical and Pharmaceutical Research, 2015, 7(11):281-287) (Scopus indexed). 2. Swarna Shikha and Pammi Gauba, PHYTOREMEDIATION OF PHARMACEUTICAL PRODUCTS, Innovare Journal of Life Sciences,2016, 4(3):14-17.
3. Swarna Shikha and Pammi Gauba, Phytoremediation of Copper by Cicer arientum, Int J Pharm Bio Sci 2016 Oct, 7(4):(B) 161 – 166. (Scopus indexed).
4. Shikha S, Gauba P. Phytoremediation of industrial and pharmaceutical pollutants, Recent Adv Biol Med. 2016, 2:113- 117. (HATSO USA).
5. Swarna Shikha and Pammi Gauba Phytoremediation potential of three leguminous plants toward chromium, Journal of pharmacy research, 2017,11(4): 299-305 (Scopus indexed). Conferences presentation:
1. Society for Risk Analysis 20201Annual Meeting. “Characterization of Nano-Formulated Fe (NO ) and its potential antimicrobial activity”. Virtual Meeting. December 6 – 9, 2021. 2. American Chemical Society (ACS) Southwest Regional Meeting “Sustainable Application of Engineered Nanoparticles in Agriculture” October 31 - November 3, Austin, TX. 3. American Chemical Society (ACS) Fall 2021 National Meeting Novel iron-based Nano formulation for HLB management”. Atlanta, GA. August 22 – 26, 2021.
4. Phytoremediation potential of Hyperaccumulating Plant - An emerging green technology on 12 February 2021 at 75th ANNUAL MEETING Subtropical Agriculture and Environments Society (Virtual meeting) 5. Abstract published on "Application of Phytoremediation technology in removal of E-waste toxicity" in NATIONAL SEMINAR ON “Innovative, Advance Research in Biomedical and Environmental Dynamics” on 9- 10th October 2015 at Dyal Singh College, Department of Chemistry, Delhi University. 6. Abstract published on “Phytoremediation technology” in 1st NATIONAL Conference on “Emerging Trends in Chemical Sciences, 2016” (ETCS-2016) on 3-4th February 2016 at Kirori Mal College, Department of Chemistry, Delhi University.
7. Abstract accepted for conference on "Phytoremediation of Chromium Using Vigna mungo, Vigna radiata and Cicer arietinum "for "ICIB 2016: International Conference on Industrial Biotechnology" held on May 16- 17, 2016 in Paris, France.
Volunteer activities
Educator Petri Dish Science, California, USA Sep 2019 – April 2020 Managed and supervised STEAM programs for kids (K-12) focusing on teaching science, engineering, and designing. Class setup for 24 students after school.
Supervising hands-on projects aligned with the NGSS standard. Certifications
Risk Management and Drug Surveillance (abridged) FDA Bioequivalence and Good Laboratory Practice Inspection Programs (abridged) - FDA Manufacturing and Product Quality (comprehensive) - FDA Risk Management and Drug Surveillance (comprehensive) - FDA Basics of CRISPR/CAS9 - The Jackson Laboratory
Structuring your article correctly – Elsevier
How to peer review articles - Elsevier
Manufacturing and Product Quality (abridged) - FDA ICH GCP E6 (R2) - The Global Health Network
Good Clinical Practice- National Drug Abuse Treatment Clinical Trials Network Digital Marketing Associate certification - Udemy
Invention Patent Kit - Udemy
Professional Membership
Society of Toxicology (SOT)
American Society for Microbiology (ASM)
American society of Plant Biologists (ASPB)
American Chemical Society (ACS)
Society for Risk Analysis(SRA)
Contact this candidate