CURRICULUM VITAE
RAMAKRISHNA APPANA : +91-960*******, +91-809*******
M. Sc. (Organic Chemistry). : adsazm@r.postjobfree.com Objective:
To enhance my skills in Research and Development and also be a valuable member by contributing my quality ideas to the organization, where there is an ample scope for individuals as well as organization growth.
Profile:
M.Sc. (Organic Chemistry)and has around 8.0 years handful research experience in R&D. Currently working as Research Scientist in Department of Research and Development at TCG life sciences (Chembiotek), Kolkata.
My Current Job responsibilities in TCG life sciences are developing an efficient process for active pharmaceutical ingredients (API’s) and organic intermediates which are highly useful in improving human health by optimizing Eco-friendly chemical process which compiles of cGMP standards. Academic Qualifications:
Master of Science in Organic Chemistry from Andhra University with 1st Division (CGPA-7.21, 2012 - 2014).
Bachelor of Science in CBTBC (Chemistry,Bio-Technology & Bio-Chemistry). from Andhra University with 1st Division (CGPA-6.56, 2009- 2012).
Intermediate in Bi.P.C. from Board of intermediate with 1st Division (67%, 2007- 2009).
SSC from Board of Secondary Education with 1st Division (65%,March-2006) Professional experience:
Working as Research Scientist in TCG life sciences Pvt Ltd, R&D Centre Kolkata from SEP-18. Here I am responsible for process development, optimization and transfer of technology to plant scale. Project Achievements:
Support to the DMF filing & Final Campaign report of Remdesivir(COVID-19) API for USP & EP.
Respond to EDQM queries for the Remdesivir CEP.
Support to the DMF filing of Molnupiravir(COVID-19) API for USP & EP.
Cytidine Enzymatic Protecting Group Free, Routes 1& 2
A new route was developed of molnupiravir. The route replaces uridine with the more available and less expensive cytidine. Low-cost
Lab Validation & Plant Validation of Sutezolid API(Tuberculosis)
Triazine KSM of Remdesivir intermediate development
Support to the DMF filing & Final Campaign report of Bedaquiline
(Tuberculosis) API for USP & EP
Worked as Research Associate R&D Chemist in Clearsynth Labs Ltd, Contract R&D Centre Hyderbad from JUN-17 to SEP-18. Here I am responsible for synthesis of Pharmaceutical Intermediates, Drug Intermediates and Pharmaceutical Impurity synthesis & characterization
Worked as Research Associate R&D Chemist in GVK BioSciences Pvt Ltd, Discovery R&D Centre Hyderbad from AUG-16 to MAY-17. Here I am responsible for Drug Discovery chain. From small molecule synthesis to scale-up, process development, optimization and transfer of technology to plant scale
Synthsis and separate of Stereoisomers using enantiomeric resolution and Recrystallization & Different solubility techniques.
Separate a mixture of Enantiomers using Chiral Separation Techniques .
Worked as Senior R & D Chemist in SSK BioSciences Pvt Ltd, Discovery R&D Centre Hyderbad from AUG-14 to JUL-16. Here I am responsible for Route identification and synthesis on lab scale.Process development and optimisation
Key skills: ICH, Q11, Q3C, Q3D, Q1,M7, USP, EP, JP, Literature survey, Patent analysis, Orange book, Espacenet, Synthesis route selection, Process feasibility, Process optimization, Critical process parameter, Structure elucidation, Impurity profile, Geno toxic impurity, Reprocessing, Solvent recovery, Stability study, In-process control specification fixing, Lab Validation, LDR/TTD preparation, Vendor Qualification/Used Test, Kilo Lab Scale up, Plant engineering batch and troubleshooting, Plant validation, and documentation related to DMF filing,CAPA.
Analytical key skills: Data Interpretation Skills- 1H NMR, 13C NMR, DEPT, NMR Assay, IR, GC purity-MS, HPLC purity, HPLC assay, LC-MS, IR, MS, DSC, PSD & XRD.
Job responsibilities:
Involved in synthesis of Intermediates, API and Impurities
Having knowledge of modifications in synthetic routes and various stages of the process, which resulted excellent improvement in yields & qualities of the products.
Well acquainted in carrying out Reduction, Esterification, Hydrogenation, Bromination, Acylation and Grignard reactions etc.
Experience in carrying out Reactions such asGrignard reagents, palladium catalyst, AlCl3, m-CPBA, NaBH4, n-BuLi and n-Hexyl lithium etc.
Well acquainted with purification techniques (reprocess, crystallization and column chromatography).
Executing the batches in commercial scale in USFDA approval plant.
Support to regulatory and customer in consultations.
Optimization of Process by changing various parameters. Personal Capabilities:
Well knowledge about Intellectual property rights i.e. patents.
Develop the Process with most cost effective, environment friendly and safely.
Development of eco-friendly and plant feasible process from early feasibility study to lab validations and technology transfer from R&D to production.
Documentation of lab development and supporting to DMF filing.
Good presentation skills & communications skills.
Awareness about cGMP and ICH Guidelines.
Knowledge about CAPA.
Technical Profile:
Well acquainted with the MS-office operations, Excel operations, Power point presentations and Internet concepts.
Exposure to various chemical software packages like chemdraw. Awards:
Received a CHAIRMAN’ EXCELLENCE AWARD to continuous process improvement for commercialized API in 2019-2020
Personal profile:
Name: Ramakrishna Appana,
Father’s Name: Satyanarayana,
Date of Birth: 01/07/1990,
Marital Status: Married,
Nationality: Indian,
Languages Known: English, Hindi,Bengali and Telugu, Permanent Address: Door No: 3-32,
Chammachinta,
Nathavaram Mandal,
Anakapalli Division
Visahkapatnam District
Andhra Pradesh-531115.
Declaration:
I hereby declare that the above written particulars are true to the best of my knowledge and belief.
RAMAKRISHNA APPANA
Contact this candidate