Udita Upadhyay
Senior Scientist, Entrepreneur
San Bruno, California
786-***-****, aduiq7@r.postjobfree.com
https://www.linkedin.com/in/udita-upadhyay-phd-01a66531/ PROFILE
High performing scientiﬁc professional with a wide experience in leading in vitro, pre-clinical and clinical studies, self-starter with proven ability to individually handle multiple tasks, with >13 years of scientiﬁc research experience in in vitro devices, therapeutics and pre-clinical neuropathic chronic pain, and oncology (heme malignancies) demonstrated by >10 publications, successful grant applications and target lead.
Strong analytical skills demonstrated by patient’s data analysis using computational and statistical tools that led to the target selection-for the Cell Therapy based CAR-T product development, Cross functional lead to Genomic Research Centre at Abbvie, using computational and statistical tools to provide biomarkers identiﬁcation and selection for 3 different disease areas. Excellent verbal and communication skills for transferring complex knowledge and research-based solutions to a wide audience demonstrated by presentations at numerous stakeholder meetings, national and international conferences
Highly adaptive to change and open to new challenges, along with the ability to convert the highest impact ideas to fruition, focused on creating solutions demonstrated by individual solver award from
“Innocentive”.
Entrepreneurial mindset with a curiosity in ideation development, experienced with product development and entrepreneurial certiﬁcations and training (Wharton Business School, UPenn), experience with Amazon FBA
EXPERIENCE
Senior Scientist I, ABBVIE, South San Francisco, CA — February 2022-Present Cell Therapy development, target validation and nomination for heme malignancies Responsible for strategizing and funneling the target selection approaches, lead the data- based approach for target validation, and nomination in collaboration with genomic research, precision Medicine.
Developed in vitro data package to devise the pre-clinical and clinical efforts with the partners, and provide high-level information at strategy meetings to disseminate the scientific information and results to internal and external audiences.
Performing large data analysis computational, programming snd statistical tools along with leading the cross-functional teams at GRC (Abbie) and Cell Therapy, Responsible to develop AbbVie assets and collaborate with teams across AbbVie to develop reagents and tools to initiate, validate and launch the CAR- T product for the patients. Excellence and team huddle awards– Competitive awards across ABBVIE for excellence in providing technical expertise, providing key insights, translating critical ideas to action and support to the team in reaching critical timelines. Applied Research Scientist, St. Luke’s Health, Boise, ID — Feb 2020-Jun 2020 Project management and investigator engagement plans in alignment with therapeutic area, reporting health outcomes and planning through regular meetings with Medical Directors, Program Managers and Medical Staff.
Gained Full understanding of preclinical and clinical trial stages demonstrated through experience and certification from Johns Hopkins University. Provided scientific resource to HCPs and other stakeholders in form of literature review, presentations in evidence based-research for the therapeutic area. Postdoctoral Associate, University of Miami, Miller School of Medicine, Mar 2016- Jun 2019
Developed and led the study of differential expression and functional genomics of allelic variants for CA8 through mammalian tissue culture, promoter identification, genome mapping, SNP (allelic) variant analyses, gene expression cassette construction, gene cloning, allelic mutagenesis, AAV vector design, quantitative RT-PCR, sciatic nerve injection in mice
(neuropathic models), animal surgery, immunofluorescence/ IHC on animal sections, calcium imaging, statistical analyses using GraphPad Prism. Provided problem solving and analytical expertise in raising >$ 250K in grant revenue and helped the lab projects realize international-level scientific expertise by contributing to >10 scientific publications
Grant writing and funding experience demonstrated through very well scored (3.5/6) applications to international Anesthesiology Research Society (IARS) and awarded, fully funded training awarded by NIH (ASENT- NEurotherapeutics Training). Obtained expertise in site evaluation and identification, budget allocation, recruitment, investigator meetings, external expert identification, and external collaborations from the University of Miami and University of Pittsburgh (UPMC) collaborators. Provided mentoring to 4 medical professionals and trainees for laboratory basic and neuroscience research.
NIH training for neuro-therapeutics and drug development- Training award based on grant proposal (~$40,000), selected among 40 scientists nationwide. The training consisted of interactive training with NIH directors and industry executives which included details in clinical trials, developmental stages of biologics and drugs, and FDA approval and regulations. EDUCATION
Doctoral Degree (Ph.D.) in Molecular biology and Genetics Institute of Microbial Technology, JNU, India February 2009-March 2016 Master’s Degree, M.Sc. Medical Biotechnology, PGIMER, India July 2006- Jul 2008 Bachelor’s Degree, B.Sc. (honors) Biochemistry July 2003- July 2006 University of Delhi, India
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION: AWARDS AND PUBLICATIONS
• Innocentive open challenge (June 2014)- Problem Solver award for $1,000 as an individual winner for solving a challenge in the field of Physical and Chemical Sciences, International Challenge.
• ICMR Junior (2008-2010) and Senior (2011-2014) Research Fellowships – Competitive fellowship worth $30,000, selected from ~30,000 applicants nationally awarded by Indian Council of Medical Research Fellowship (ICMR).
SELECTED PUBLICATIONS
• Upadhyay, U, Zhuang, GZ, Diatchenko, L et al. Reversion mutation of cDNA CA8-204 minigene construct produces a truncated functional peptide that regulates calcium release in vitro and produces profound analgesia in vivo. Mamm Genome. 2020, 31, 287–294
• Upadhyay U, Zhuang GZ, Diatchenko L, Parisien M, Kang Y, Sarantopoulos KD, Martin ER, Smith SB, Maixner W, Levitt RC. Profound Analgesia is asscoated with a truncated peptide resulting ffrom tissue-specific alternative splicing of DRG CA8-204 regulated by exon-level cis-eQTL. PLoS Genetics. 2019,15(6):e1008226.
• Singh B*, Bisht KK*, Upadhyay U, Kushwaha AC, Nanda JS, Srivastava S, Saini JK, Klar AJS, Singh J.Cdc23/Mcm10 Primase generates the lagging strand-specific ribonucleotide imprint in fission Yeast. Role of Cdc23/Mcm10 in generating the ribonucleotide imprint at the mat1 locus in fission yeast, Nucleic Acids Research. 2019, 47(7), 3422–343
• Upadhyay U, Srivastava S, Khatri I, Nanda JS, Subramanian S, Arora A, Singh J. Ablation of RNAi and retrotransposons accompany acquisition and evolution of transposases to heterochromatin protein CENPB. Mol Biol Cell. 2017,28(8),1132-1146.
• Zhuang GZ, Upadhyay U, Tong X, Kang Y, Erasso DM, Fu ES, Sarantopoulos KD, Martin ER, Wiltshire T, Diatchenko L, Smith SB7, Maixner W, Levitt RC.. Human Carbonic Anhydrase-8 AAV8 gene therapy inhibits nerve growth factor signaling producing prolonged analgesia and anti-hyperalgesia in mice. Nat. Gene Ther, 2018 Jul,25(4):297-311.
• Verma HK, Shukla P, Alfatah M, Khare AK, Upadhyay U, Ganesan K, Singh J. High Level Constitutive Expression of Luciferase Reporter by the lsd90 Promoter in Fission Yeast., Plos One, PLoS One. 2014 Jul 7,9 (7): e101201. (Highlighted in Times of India, Indian Science Journal) (Peer Reviewed, Cited Internationally).
Contact this candidate