Andrey Bobko Milwaukee, WI 304-***-**** adv917@r.postjobfree.com LinkedIn

Research Scientist
Accomplished and proactive scientist and educator with demonstrated expertise and success in multiple scientific fields. Articulate and insightful with a deep aptitude for learning and broad technical proficiency. Innovative researcher consistently designing new procedures and streamlining workflows to optimize time, funding, and personnel.
Core Expertise
Data Gathering & Analysis - Magnetic Resonance Techniques - Analytical Methods - Intellectual Curiosity - MATLAB
People Management - Organic Chemical Synthesis - Microfluidics - Spectroscopy - Chemical Kinetics – Statistics
Hands-on skills: I have received extensive training in various analytical and organic synthesis techniques during my scientific career. I have applied this knowledge to analyze various complex chemical systems using HPLC/LC-MS, TLC, UV-vis spectroscopy, fluorimetry, electrochemical, and magnetic resonance techniques. I have synthesized and purified different complex organic molecules and performed multiple conjugations of large biological molecules (polymers, proteins, and carbohydrates). I have extensive experience synthesizing nano- and microparticles (emulsification and solvent precipitation) using batch and microfluidic techniques. I have experience in various liposome preparation and modification. I have experience with enzyme reactions and detecting different analytes using enzyme-related kit systems.
Professional Experience
RESEARCH ASSISTANT PROFESSOR
Department of Biochemistry, West Virginia University Aug 2015-Jun 2022
Conduct fundamental research, primarily developing probes and API compounds for application in cancer research.
Design and manufacture oxygen probes for a clinical trial on oxygen measurements in patients. Clinical trials procedure development and management of oxygen measurement in cancer patients.
Oversee the operation of in vivo multifunctional magnetic resonance imaging (IMMRI) center equipment. Consult on magnetic resonance-related experiments conducted in vivo and in vitro. Lecture on advanced molecular biology for Ph.D. candidates. Supervise and coach Ph.D. and undergraduate students.
Source and obtain external research funding by presenting at conferences and publishing in journals. Contribute to student selections and faculty meetings.
RESEARCH SCIENTIST
Department of Internal Medicine, The Ohio State University Medical Center Oct 2009-Aug 2015
Developed in vivo approaches for chemical environment characterization using paramagnetic probes and electron paramagnetic resonance while supervising graduate and undergraduate students. Sourced and obtained external research funding by presenting at conferences and publishing in journals.
Originated and synthesized ~67% of required probes to drive research and eliminate supply shortage. Measured parameters of tissue microenvironment for in vivo application using electron paramagnetic resonance modality.
Developed routine methods and procedures for tissue microenvironment parameter measurements in tumor mice models. Enabled regular testing and supervisor receipt of two RO1 grants based on personal results, or 90 % of the total.
Education
Ph.D., Chemistry, Institute of Chemical Kinetics & Combustion, Novosibirsk, RU
Master of Science (MS), Physical Chemistry, Novosibirsk State University, Novosibirsk, RU
Bachelor of Science (BS), Ecology, Novosibirsk State University, Novosibirsk, RU
Contact this candidate