ASHLEY MARIE CATO
Email: advhmf@r.postjobfree.com, Phone Number: +1-763-***-****, www.linkedin.com/in/ashleymariecato
SKILLS

Laboratory Skills: Microscopy, Polymerase Chain Reaction (PCR), SEM Microscopy, Human Sample Handling, DNA/RNA Extraction, Experience in CLIA Certified Lab, SOP Writing, QC & QA Checks on Instrumentation, Wet and Dry Lab Test/Research
Anthropological Skills: Human Pathological Identification, Human Bone Identification, Cultural Theology, Human Osteology, Human Factors Testing, Ethnographic Research, Transcription, Qualitative and Quantitative Data Analysis
Computer Skills: Basic Scripting/Programming, Microsoft Word, Microsoft Excel
Others: Scientific Writing/Presentation, Theoretical Research

EDUCATION
Master of Science, Applied Anthropology July 2019
Minnesota State University, Mankato
Research Focus: Bone biology, human pathology, and decomposition

Bachelor of Science, Anthropology May 2016
Minnesota State University, Mankato
Minor: Creative Writing

WORK/RESEARCH EXPERIENCE

Senior Specialist (March 2022 - February 2023)
Sampled (IBX), Oakdale, MN
Duties: As a senior specialist, the responsibilities include: aiding in the management of the qPCR laboratory, training new technologist, keeping up-to-date on new testing methodologies introduced to the lab, and writing new training SOPs for new testing methods. Performing QC & QA checks on instrumentation.
qPCR Technician (November 2020 – March 2022)
Infinity Biologix (IBX), Oakdale, MN
Duties: The PCR lab techs are placing the samples into the liquid handling robot and removing the caps. They will remove the samples at the end of the run and recap them and place them into storage. They will also be moving 96 well plates from the liquid handler to the PCR platform and removing them for destruction once the PCR process is finished.
Research Assistant (2017 – 2019)
Department of Anthropology, Minnesota State University, Mankato
Duties: Identified the effects of temperature on bone decomposition using microscopic and macroscopic analysis. Research work also involved the identification of human and animal bone samples, and potential pathologies associated with remains. Also performed human factors research in regards to implementing programs for first-generation students at a University level.

PROFESSIONAL TRAINING
CITI Training Completion 2018
oMinnesota State University-Mankato, MN, 2018
Certified Level 1 & 2 - Advanced Writing Professional
oMinnesota State University-Mankato, MN, 2015

PUBLICATIONS
Cato, A. M. “Macromorphological and Microscopic Effects of Temperature in a Controlled Environment on the Process of Decomposition in Bone,” ProQuest Dissertations Publishing, 2019. 22585059.
Alec, A., Cato, A. M., Lopez-Rivera, A. G., and Whitney, D. “I’m First”: An Initiative to Develop Programming to Help First-Generation Students Succeed at Minnesota State University, Mankato,” N.A, 2019.
Cato, A .M. “The Effects of Sharp and Blunt Trauma on Bone in Summer and Winter Weathering Patterns,” N.A., 2016.
Contact this candidate