Steven Diaz, R.Ph.
Cell: 973-***-**** **** Laurel Tr., Martinsville, NJ 08836
email: advnfw@r.postjobfree.com
Professional Summary
Patient oriented licensed pharmacist with over 30 years of experience in community setting in dispensing and counseling patients in prescriptions and over the counter medications. Experience in starting up and running a pharmacy business. Currently licensed in the state of New Jersey.
Licenses
License in good standing with the State Board of New Jersey, license number: 28RI02117000 Skills
Retail Pharmacy Clinical awareness
Hospital Pharmacy Inventory management
Patient Counseling Excellent oral and writing skills Professional Experience
Retail Pharmacist:
1. Walgreens Pharmacy - Rockaway, NJ
October 2021 - Current
2. Sinai Quick Stop Pharmacy, Paterson, NJ
September 2011 - September 2021
3. Bound Brook Pharmacy, Bound Brook, NJ
July 2010 - September 2011
4. Fourth Avenue Pharmacy, Newark, NJ
February 1992 - February 2010
5. Merck-Medco Pharmacy Services, Parsippany, NJ (Mail Order Pharmacy) January 1996 - May 1998
6. Hospital Pharmacist - East Orange General Hospital, East Orange, NJ February 1992 - May 1993
● Verified transcriptions accuracy of prescription orders including spanish prescriptions.
● Checked medication orders filled by technicians for correct dispensing.
● Ensured correct address and patient information for billing.
● Make recommendations on over the counter medications.
● Supervised pharmacy technicians and store employees.
● Maintain drug inventory levels by ordering necessary medications and supplies, and verifying deliveries of purchase order.
Research Scientist - Merck/Schering-Plough Research Institute, Summit, NJ September 2007 - July 2010
● Responsible for development and optimization of formulations for late phase and life cycle management projects.
● Focusing on bi-layer tablet development and coating systems for combination products.
● Responsible or scaling up clinical manufacturing process from pilot to large scale. Research Scientist - Bristol-Myers Squibb Company Research Institute, New Brunswick, NJ
December 2005 - August 2007
● Responsible for developing and optimizing wet and dry granulation formulations for early and late phase projects.
● Developed formulations using a statistical analysis approach.
● Trained colleagues in the use of manufacturing equipment. Senior Scientist - Pfizer Inc, Global R&D, Ann Arbor, MI and Morris Plains, NJ
November 1990 - December 2005
● Responsible in transferring manufacturing process for demo and ICH batches at Puerto Rico and Canada manufacturing sites.
● Developed topical dosage forms to support pre-clinical studies.
● Developed and validated analytical methods for new products that resulted in successful filings of NDAs.
Education and Training
● Bachelor of Science in Pharmacy June 1990
University of Puerto Rico, School of Pharmacy, Rio Piedras, Puerto Rico.
● Bachelor in General Sciences June 1987
University of Puerto Rico, Rio Piedras, Puerto Rico
Contact this candidate