beamjobs.com
LAXMI SHAW
Senior Data Scientist (Valid US Visa- L2S )
advvcy@r.postjobfree.com +1-210-***-**** 4835 USAA Blvd.,Apartment no.3308, San Antonio,TX-78240
https://www.linkedin.com/in/dr-laxmi-
shaw-ph-d-8b677a1a/
https://scholar.google.co.in/citations?
hl=en&user=-DdO04UAAAAJ&view_o
p=list_works&authuser=1&sortby=pub
date
WORK EXPERIENCE
Senior Chief Engineer (Senior Research Associate)
Samsung Research Institute Bangalore, India
April 2022 - Nov 2022 Bangalore, India
Developed deep learning model building using transfer learning and their PoC on PC and mobile devices
Drafting research journal papers and conference papers in top-tier conferences ICASSP, ICML, CVPR and NeurIPs
Implemented various time series forecasting techniques and computer vision algorithms using deep learning
Supervising team of 17 machine learning engineers in implementing state-of-the-art ML algorithms
Supervising 3 interns and 5 Research scholars for their project, review, and completion.
Senior Lead Engineer (Data Analytics Team)
UTC-HRDC (Carrier India)
7th September 2020 - 31st March
2022
Hyderabad, ANDHRA
PRADESH
HVAC product data analysis in the cloud (Azure, AWS). Training various machine learning models with data collected from IoT devices in the Azure ML studio cloud
Established the end-to-end ETL data pipeline in MS Azure services and implementation of AI+ML models in Azure ML and ML studio Sharing analysis results with better visualization and summary report to the product manager and stakeholders
Develop machine learning based Predictive Maintenance(PdM) using Digital Twin (DT) need for region-based HVAC devices to reduce risk factor and down time
Tested algorithms for bugs and operating speed, fixing bugs and documenting processes to increase efficiency by 18% Data Scientist
Business Central
July 2018 - Aug 2020 Hyderabad, ANDHRA PRADESH
Using data to optimize sales opportunities, identify support issues and understand customers
Recommending sales offers through analysis of customer behavior to maximize conversion
Predicting revenue and developing insights to prevent customer churn Ensuring customer satisfaction through timely deployment of resources and delivery of outcomes
CAREER OBJECTIVE
I want to use my data science knowledge
across different industry verticals and
functions. I am a data scientist with 7 years
of experience in data mining using
machine learning algorithms and soft
computing on various datasets. Capable of
managing 7 years of research experience
and nearly 3 years of industry experience.
EDUCATION
Doctor of Philosophy(PhD.)
Electrical Engineering (Specialization
in AI and ML)
Indian Institute of Technology
Kharagpur, Kharagpur, West Bengal,
India
2013 - 2018
Kharagpur, West Bengal,India
Awards
Awarded with ACM W Women in Smart
Computing in Dec 2017 organized by
KIIT University
Awarded Institute travel grant for
presenting the paper at EUSIPCO 2017
flagship conference
Awarded with IEEE Women in
Engineering for WIECON 2016
Awarded ‘QIP’ Fellowship 2013 IIT
Kharagpur, India
Best paper award in IEEE CAST Dec 2016
COEP, Pune
More than 30 Internationally published
journals and conference papers.
Two internationally published books in
"Data analytics" and "Biomedical
application"
Master of Technology(M.Tech)
Instrumentation and Electronics
Engineering(Specialization in Data
Analytics, Signal Processing)
beamjobs.com
Build and develop analytical models working alongside a strong team of Leads, Analysts, Architects to deliver priority outcomes in alignment with the strategic roadmap for services
Act as an evangelist and catalyst for BI & Analytics innovation Manage the portfolio for BI & Analytics using BI tools. Partner with decision science team and stakeholders on monthly governance
Apply advanced analytics concepts towards rich and bold insights PROJECTS
Face Anti Spoofing DL model development
Senior Chief Engineer(Senior Research Associate)
May 2022 - June 2022
Computer vision based DL model building for Face Anti spoofing system
Validation and testing of DL model and its parameter optimization Continuous model update and hyper parameter optimization Validation, testing and its implementation both in PC and mobile side Counterfeit Currency Detection using Deep
Learning model development
Senior Chief Engineer(Senior Research Associate)
July 2022 - August 2022
Develop AI transfer learning model for the detection of counterfeit currency
Validate, testing and hyper parameter tuning to obtained the optimized model
Check on the performance and continuous update and fine tune the model both PC and android app side
Detection of Driver's loss of Attention using DL
model
Senior Chief Engineer(Senior Research Associate)
August 2022 - October 2022
Build computer vision based DL model for driver drowsiness detection Implementation of DL model as an Android app in mobile device Build an End-to-End AWS Sage Maker
Classification Model
Senior Data Scientist
Dec 2020 - Jan 2021
AWS Sagemaker multiclass classification model
Pre-trained Transfer learning model design and optimize the HP Predictive Maintenance of working chillers
Senior Data Scientist
September 2020 - January 2021
Complete understanding of the HVAC domain
Design and develop the Digital twin using different clustering techniques
Jadavpur University, West Bengal,
India
2008 - 2010
West Bengal, India
Bachelor of Engineering (B.E)
Electronics and Instrumentation
Engineering
Sambalpur University, Odisha, India
2001 - 2005
Burla, Odisha, India
SKILLS
Python (Numpy, Pandas, Scikit Learn,
matplotlib, Tensorflow, Keras, Pytorch,
tflite)(4.5 years))
Matlab(7 years)
R programming(2 years)
SQL,MySQL and PostgreSQL(3 years)
Excel/ Google Sheet(7 years))
Microsoft Azure Data Analytics(2 years))
Data visualization tools:Power BI (3years)
and Tableau(2 years)
Machine Learning Modelling: Logistic
and Linear regression, decision trees, All
Clustering, and Classification techniques
Windows Power-Shell(1.5 years)
AWS and Microsoft Azure Cloud
Computing
Proficiency with AI/ML techniques with
hands-on model building and solution
experience using algorithms
(Regression, Logistic Regression, SVM,
Random Forest, Decision Trees, K-Means,
Naive Bayes, Clustering, etc.), and Deep
Learning (CNN, RNN, LSTM, Beam
Search, etc.), NLP, NLG.
CERTIFICATIONS
Data Analytics By IIT Roorkee
AWS with ML and Sage Maker
Certified Data Scientist By IIT Madras
Advanced Python certification by
LinkedIn Learning
DP-100, Microsoft Azure Trained
DP-200, Microsoft Azure Trained
Introduction to Deep Learning & Neural
Networks with Keras
Advanced Learning Algorithms offered
by Deeplearning.ai
PUBLICATION LIST
Books, Top Journals and Research Articles
beamjobs.com
Predictive Analysis of Sales Forecast
Data Scientist
April 2018 - August 2018
Regression Analysis based developing predictive model using Python 3X
Understanding the complete customer base and sharing insights for the customer demands
Customer Retention Analysis
Data Scientist
September 2018 - Dec 2019
To retain the ideal customer, understand the customer base and classify the ideal and non ideal customer.
Customer's Churns Prediction using AI & ML
Data Scientist
Dec 2019 - Feb 2020
Applying different machine learning models have been designed to determine the best customers' features and their demographic projections.
Microcontroller Based Patient
Monitoring System Using Wireless
Sensor, ISBN-13: 978-365-***-****, LAP
LAMBERT Academic Publishing
Black Tea Quality Evaluation using
Electronic Nose & Electronic Tongue,
ISBN-13: 978-384-***-****, LAP LAMBERT
Academic Publishing
Shaw, L., & Routray, A. (2021). Brain State
Classification with Group l1-norm Sparse
PDC as Novel Features for EEG. IEEE
Sensors Journal.
Shaw, L., & Routray, A. (2020). Pattern
Analysis of Brain Functional Connectivity
Parameters After Removal of Artifactual
Motifs from EEG During Meditation. In
Advanced Computing and Intelligent
Engineering (pp. 353-361). Springer,
Singapore.
Shaw, L., & Routray, A. (2020, November).
EEG Traced Microstates Detection
during Meditation-A State of
Consciousness. In 2020 IEEE 15th
International Conference on Industrial
and Information Systems (ICIIS) (pp. 253-
257). IEEE.
Shaw, L., & Routray, A. (2018). A new
framework to infer intra-and inter-brain
sparse connectivity estimation for EEG
source information flow. IEEE Sensors
Journal, 18(24), 101**-*****.
Shaw, L., D. Rahman, and A. Routray,
“Highly efficient compression algorithms
for multichannel EEG,” IEEE Trans.
Neural Syst. Rehabil. Eng., vol. 26, no. 5,
2018. (DOI: 10.1109/TNSRE.2018.2826559)
Shaw L. and A. Routray, “Topographical
assessment of neurocortical connectivity
by using directed transfer function and
partial directed coherence during
meditation,” Cogn. Process., vol. 19, no. 4,
2018. DOI: 10.1007/s10339 018 0869 2
Shaw, L., A. Routray, and S. Sanchay, "A
robust motifs based artifacts removal
technique from EEG." Biomedical
Physics & Engineering Express 3.3 (2017):
035010, IOP Science.
Shaw, L., Mishra, S. and Routray, A,
“Generalized orthogonal partial directed
coherence as a measure of neural
information flow during meditation,”
Lecture notes in Bioengineering, Book
Title Advancement of medical
electronics, Springer India, pp.137 148,
2015. (Book Chapter).
Contact this candidate