MARCUS J. JACKSON
Philadelphia, PA
267-***-**** (mobile)
adwojz@r.postjobfree.com

PROFESSIONAL OBJECTIVE
Seeking a position where experience, growth potential and new challenges can be obtained in the Biopharmaceutical industry. To pursue opportunities involving biophysical and immunoassay development, studying binding interactions and characterizing molecular precursors/products using bioanalytical techniques.

BACKGROUND SUMMARY
Utilization of acquired analytical, laboratory and project management experience can be focused within product development of biopharmaceuticals. Primary skills include assay development, Biacore, ELISA, Octet and epitope binning technologies to study drug product activity, binding kinetics and concentration analysis.
Additional experience in laboratory research includes MALS, DLS, IEX, DSF, IEF, UPLC, protein transformation, full expression & purification, WB (1D), Wes and SDS-Page. To further, formulation studies, vaccine development, product stability, solid-phase synthesis, UV-Vis, LC/MS and lyophilization. Vast experience in both GMP and GLP.
Excellent orator and researcher, with analytical and interpersonal skills. In addition, a great willingness to learn.

EDUCATION
TEMPLE UNIVERSITY – PHILADELPHIA, PA
Master's Degree, Thesis Option, Awarded: AUGUST 2011
Concentration: Protein Chemistry & Assay Development
GPA: 3.4

MOREHOUSE COLLEGE – ATLANTA, GA
Bachelor of Science, Chemistry, Awarded: 14 MAY 2006
Major GPA: 3.3, Institutional Honors: Cum Laude

EXPERIENCE
JOHNSON & JOHNSON – SPRING HOUSE, PA
Scientist, Biologics Discovery, October 2020 – Present
Conduct screening studies to identify hit-to-lead generation and then lead optimization of drug candidates.
In-depth biosensor experiments using various SPR & BLI technologies along with epitope binning.
Develop affinity measurements with cell surface targets, as well as conducting serum-based kinetics.
Collaborations explore intrinsic stability profile properties using Tm/Taga, WB and mass spectrometry.
Delivered reports/presentations to for drug candidate selection, invention disclosure & patent applications.

Senior Associate Scientist, Janssen Biotherapeutics, December 2017 – September 2020
Early development studies reconnoiter molecular interactions to advance lead optimization of drug candidates, i.e. vaccine and antibody-based therapeutics.
Highthroughput screening of upto thousands of candidates was employed using various in-depth biosensors, including SPR & BLI technologies (Biacore T200, 8K & 8K+, as well as Mass-2, Kinexa, Proteon and Octet). Next, epitope binning diversity was assessed using Carterra LSA and Octet.
Helped implement MSD-based solution equilibrium affinity measurements for cell surface targets and serum-based kinetic studies. Data packages were coupled with internal/external collaborations exploring secondary & tertiary intrinsic properties using HDX, DLS, MALS, DSC, DSF, AUC and IEF.

GLAXOSMITHKLINE – UPPER MERION, PA
Senior Scientist, Biopharm Analytical Sciences, August 2014 – November 2017
Developed bioassays to measure proliferation, potency and to determine mechanisms of action. Studies were conducted to research the human complement pathway (in vitro & ex vivo with human sera).
Other techniques included ELISA, cell-based assays, Gyros, MSD and Wes (e.g. capillary WB).
Assays developed using Surface Plasmon Resonance (SPR) – via Biacore – to study affinity, specificity, comparability, binding kinetics with on & off rates, and concentration analysis of a range of antigen-antibody interactions (i.e. SAP, C1q, BCMA, and multiple Fc receptors).
SPR was employed to execute precision studies and characterization of products during life cycle. The various protein-based biopharmaceuticals included mAb, pAb, dAb, ADC and fusion proteins, as well as developing novel complementary drug systems between antibody products and small molecules.
Developed and qualified methods, wrote SOP's, and then to transferred qualified methods to internal customers or external CRO’s. Ultimately, findings were reported to FDA or similar regulatory agencies.
Supported monitoring the coverage of host cell proteins (HCP) via SDS-Page, WB (1D) & Wes.
Managed multiple projects and served as a representative at departmental/strategy team meetings.

PPD, LLC. – WAYNE, PA
Senior Scientist, Biopharmaceutical Development, Jan 2013 – Jul 2014
Helped to implement Biacore technology within the Large Molecule Product Development group. This department was a new arena for the Company to assist external clients via research and routine support.
Both the implementation of existing methods and the development of new methods under GLP were completed. Stability studies, validations and qualifications, as well as release testing under GMP.
Additional activities were precision studies, re-certification of materials, and characterization of products during R&D life cycle to their final manufacture. Fully developed methods and data analysis were transferred to respective clients.
Biacore was utilized to study drug product activity, comparability, concentration analysis and kinetics between multiple Fc receptors and antibody-based products (i.e. mAb, ADC and chimeric fusion proteins).
Guided/trained/supported sample processing, data analysis and workflow of laboratory personnel as a Subject Matter Expert across multiple sites (Wayne, PA & Madison, WI).
Managed multiple projects, process improvements, optimized/executed scientific planning with clients, and organized lab operations, as well as wrote/devised/reviewed methods, protocols, reports and SOPs.
Participated in recruitment of new business partnerships, supported existing partners and contributed proposal generation during procurement.

GLAXOSMITHKLINE – UPPER MERION, PA
Scientist, Biopharm Analytical Sciences (Contract), Aug 2012 – Dec 2012
Supported R&D and facilitated method transfer to Quality Control & Compliance (QCC). Such involvements were to coordinate and execute precision studies, quality assessment of products during life cycle, and validation of GMP methods using Biacore and ELISA.
Utilized Biacore and Octet in studying comparability, specificity, affinity, binding kinetics and concentration analysis of a range of antigen-antibody interactions
Routine testing with ELISA was conducted to monitor residuals (CHO-based assays).

FRAUNHOFER-CMB, USA – NEWARK, DE
Research Assistant, Formulation Chemistry & Biophysical Characterization, Jan 2012 – Aug 2012
Initiation and development of protein specific formulations, as well as for VLP-based products.
Conduct excipient screenings, stability studies, design of experiments (DOE), process validation for GMP products, and implement new techniques to study vaccine products.
Biophysical characterization to unveil structure and promote efficacy, along with real-time assessment of changes in biophysical nature for each designed formulation.
Lead projects with new technologies in chromatography: Asymmetric Flow Field Flow Fractionation (AFFFF). This involves implementation, method development, and training of laboratory personnel. Additional method development was exhibited via RP-UPLC and SEC-UPLC systems.
Actively led assay development for adjuvant-containing products, e.g. the binding of macromolecules to adjuvants. Successful discovery of a novel technique achieved: the desorption of proteins from adjuvants.
Other techniques included Multiangular Light Scattering (MALS), DLS, Fluorescence, Differential Scanning Fluorimetry (DSF), IEX, UV-Vis, IEF, SDS-Page, and WB (1D).
TEMPLE UNIVERSITY – PHILADELPHIA, PA
Research Assistant, Protein Chemistry & Assay Development, May 2009 – Aug 2011
Thesis project focused on developing an assay platform to screen for potential drug candidates. These efforts utilized solid-phase peptide synthesis (SPPS) technology to explore protein-protein and protein-small molecule interactions. A center piece of this project involved the design of protein mimics via molecular scaffolding: accomplished by linking functionalized proline monomers with diketopiperazine linkages (two amide bonds).
Purification/confirmation of compounds done by LC/MS, NMR, Flash Chromatography and HPLC.
Recombinant expression, cell culturing, and purification of HDM2 and HIV-1 proteins, respectively, were afforded for the purpose of binding assays with rationally designed proline scaffolds, using Fluorescence Polarization. In this, kinetic interactions with target molecules were studied.
Cell-based assays studied the inhibition of viral induction and modulation of endogenous protein interactions, namely p53-HDM2. Purification of expressed proteins achieved by gravity flow columns over Nickel resin, confirmation by gel electrophoresis and MALDI.

MERCK, INC. – WESTPOINT, PA
Biotechnician, Vaccine Formulation, Jan 2008 – Jan 2009
Aseptic processing, cell culture and development of Varicella viral vaccine within Vaccine & Sterile Operations.
Primary support of vaccine processing was pooling, sonicating, and filtering of expressed cell suspensions, as well as the formulation of growth supplements to maintain bioengineered vaccines.
Implications apply directly to the cGMP production of Varivax®, the industry's leading vaccine against Varicella-Zoster virus. Additional responsibilities included process validation of finished products.

PUBLICATIONS/MANUSCRIPTS
Jackson, M.J. Design of a Screening Process for the Development of Lead Target Molecules via Spot Synthesis and Solid-Phase Peptide Synthesis. Thesis accepted by Temple University Graduate Board, Masters of Arts. (2011).
Brown, Z., Akula, K., Arzumanyan, A., Alleva, J., Jackson, M., Bichenkoz, E., Sheffield, J., Feitelson, M., Schafmeister, C. Submitted to Temple University, Chemistry Department (2011).
Jackson M, Song H, Jo H. The Role of Oscillatory Shear Stress in Atherosclerosis by Activation of Mitogen-Activated Protein Kinases. Submitted to Emory University, Biochemistry Department (2005).
Kwak J, Jackson M, Yamazaki K, Curran M, Beauchamp G, Yang P, Willse A, Wahl J, Preti G. Characteristic Odor Components in Male and Female Mouse Urine. Submitted to Monell Chemical Senses Center (2002).

HONORS/AWARDS
Morehouse College Dean's List/Honor Roll (2001-03/2005-06)
27th Edition of the National Dean's List Award (2003-2004)
United Negro College Fund Scholarship Recipient (2001-2005)
Philadelphia Futures Scholar (1999-2006)

LEADERSHIP POSITIONS
Board of Trustees, Mount Zion Baptist Church of Holmesburg (2006-Present)
Head Coach of Mount Zion Baptist Church Boys Basketball Team (2006-Present)
Morehouse College Bonner Scholar Community Partners (2002-2005)
Morehouse College E.M.E.R.G.E. Scholar (2003-2005)
Morehouse College Chemistry Department Tutor (2003-2006)

COMMUNITY INVOLVEMENTS
Safe Horizon - September 11, 2001 Disaster Relief Effort (2001)
Morehouse College Bonner Scholar (2001-2005)
Morehouse College Public Health Association (2004-2006)
Morehouse College Chemistry Club (2004-2006)
Morehouse College Health Day - HIV/AIDS Testing (2004)
Harland Boys & Girls Club Mentor (2002-2006)

SKILLS
Proficient in Softmax Microplate analysis, Design Experiment, ThermoAtlas, ChemStation, ChemDraw, ChromQuest, GeneTools, Wyatt Eclipse, Typhoon FLA 9000, ImageQuant TL, Windows, Adobe, and Microsoft.
Contact this candidate