Curriculum Vitae
OMBATI BOSIBORI DIANA
P.O Box *80-3337 Kisii, Kenya
Telephone no: +254********* Email: ady7rr@r.postjobfree.com

Bio Data
Gender: Female
Date of Birth: 16th December 1996
Nationality: Kenyan, ID NO:33413743
Religion: Christianity
Personal Profile
Am hardworking and dependable as result-driven, I have cultured and acquired, team work, professionalism, efficiency on task and problem management personal skills. Through the internship training, I have had a Professional chance to put into practice what I learnt in class like, Administration, Research, Project management, Humanities, Social sciences, Museum management and Museology. I acquired high-quality managerial skills, self-motivation and time management skill, Socially I have been able to gain a high level of confidence through my interactions with different classes and races of people. I also have acquired excellent interpersonal skills (I am self-driven, ambitious, innovative, analytical, a fast learner, and pride myself as a true team player with good interpersonal skills. Excellent relationship builder with success in forming strong, sustainable relationships. Effective communicator and leader. I also have a high degree of versatility, endurance and experience in all work that I venture into.)

Education

2015 2019
Bachelor of Arts (General)
Attained: 1st class Honours

Kisii University

2011 2014

2000-2010

Kenya Certificate of Secondary Education
Attained: Grade B (Plain)

Nyabururu Girls High school

Kenya Certificate of Primary Education
Attained: 315/500 marks
Jaribu Junior Academy

Skills
Research skills and data interpretation: Researching, analyzing of data, summarizing and reporting of results orally and in writing. Reading and comprehending scientific journals, articles, and web-based materials.
Critical thinking: Using logic and reasoning to identify the strengths and weaknesses of alternative solutions, conclusions or approaches to problems. I have the ability to identify, visualize and give advice and recommendations on issues to guide on making informed and accurate decisions.
Active Learning - Understanding the implications of new information for both current and future problem-solving and decision-making.
Detail and goal oriented by valuing accuracy and ensuring close attention to details for every duty undertaken to capture all essential data. Keen to detail to ensure all future prospects are attained.

Work Experience
May 2019-August 2019- National Museums of Kenya
Position: Cultural Heritage department Intern
Responsibilities,
Monitoring and ensuring that collections are stored in a safe, secure environment that is pest free and conserved using appropriate techniques i.e. fumigation.

Safekeeping of collections records and maintaining them in good and updated condition.

Assist in administrative work in the department to ensure that the operations of the office are not tainted especially when the secretary was away i.e. delivering memos to the Museum administration concerning the CHD department.
Developing and maintaining of electronic data storage of the CHD collections.

Attending to queries and requests for information on collections at the CHD imposed by the museum visitors

Monitoring and ensuring the transfers of collections and initiating retrieval of those overdue.

Research and Collections, on all matters relating to management of collections data.

Work together with the Department team to conceptualize, develop and conduct research for Cultural Heritage Department. I was able to help develop and come up with ideas on as the symbols of Power and Authority for Regalia to ensure Kenyan communities culture is preserved.
April 2020-Jan 2023 Philmed pharmaceutical company
Was able to acquire leadership skills while working as a supervisor, team work with my colleagues. I was able to learn how to develop and run a business with the accounts department
I also learnt on how to manage the company data and daily performance with the audit team

Additional Information
PERSONAL ATTRIBUTES
High integrity with positive attitude towards work and the organization.
Ready and willing to acquire new knowledge
Great Confident Team player
Ready to work under minimum supervision
Goal-oriented and Dependable
Honest and hardworking
Trustworthy and Honest
Credible Self-motivated individual

Co-curriculum activity
Active involvement as Peer counselor and first aid

Additional Skills
Can fluently speak in Kiswahili and English

Hobbies and interests
Reading novels, course books based on modernity and traditional co-navigation of culture-traditions and lifestyles of people.
Watching science fiction, technological and investigative series
Travelling for leisure, attending seminars and conferences

Dislikes
Procrastination- I value effectiveness and finishing my duties to prevent last minute stress struggle and doing shady work.
Stereotyping and gossiping- since human beings have got feelings it s inhuman to talk ill about someone or judge someone according to where he or she comes from or even looking down upon someone. Can Work under pressure with minimum or no supervision.
Core competencies

Can work as a team in the competitive and business world.
Use of computer programs and statistical applications to manipulate and display data, create graphs to visually represent information.
Can work with integrity by following all instructions without question and handling them with confidentiality.
Management and organization of time within extremely pressured transition orientated environment

Referees
National museums of Kenya
Officer in charge
Ms. Lydia Nafula (Exhibitionist) - Research Scientist
ady7rr@r.postjobfree.com
Phone no:072*******

Dr. Joseph Mutanya(Head of Department)- Principal Research Scientist
Phone no:078*******
ady7rr@r.postjobfree.com

Mr. Philemon Nyamanga (Anthropologist) - Education expertee
ady7rr@r.postjobfree.com
Phone no:072*******
Cultural Heritage Department

Kisii University
School of Arts and social sciences
Department officer in charge
Dr. Margret Barasa, PHD
ady7rr@r.postjobfree.com

Prof. Evans Nyamwaka
HOD SCHOOL OF ARTS AND SOCIAL SCIENCES.
ady7rr@r.postjobfree.com
CELLPHONE: 071*******.
KISII UNIVERSITY.
www.kisiiuniversity.ac.ke
P.O BOX 408-40200.
KISII.
Contact this candidate