personal details

Name: Sahar Ahmed Mohamed. Saad

Date of Birth: 1/12/1961

Nationality: Egyptian

Marital Status: Married, 2 daughters 21 and 13years old)

Medical Education: Assuit School of Medicine, Assuit, Egypt.

Current Post : 
 Associate professor and Consultant in Rheumatology and Rehabilitation Medicine, Assiut University 
 Hospital, Assiut, Egypt. 

Address: Rheumatology and Rehabilitation Department 
Assiut University Hospital
Assiut- Egypt

Since August 2006: Senior consultant Rheumatologist at IHB hospital Bahrain kingdom

Telephone Number: 02-088-*******
 02-088-*******
Fax Number: 02-088-******

 
 Current contact Number: 009**-******** 

E-mail: gbhc6h@r.postjobfree.com 
 gbhc6h@r.postjobfree.com

QUALIFICATIONS

Academic Qualifications:
El-minia private Secondary school (1975)
El-minia private High school (1978)

Professional Qualifications:
M.B.B.CH, 1984
Assuit Medical School, Assuit, Egypt

Master Degree in Rheumatology and Rehabilitation (Physical Medicine)
1992, Assuit University, Egypt

MD degree in Rheumatology and Rehabilitation
July, 2001, Assiut University, Egypt 

June 2006 I have started as Associate professor in
Rheumatology and Rehabilitation Medicine at Assiut university Hospital, Egypt.

Previous Posts

Rotating House Officer in Assuit University Hospital: 1985-1986.
During this period , I spent two months in each of the following professional units:
General Medicine, Obstetrics and Gynecology, Pediatrics, General Surgery, 
Accident and Emergency and Rheumatology and Rehabilitation 

Resident in Department of Rheumatology and Rehabilitation, Assuit University Hospital (1987-1992)

Assuit University Hospital is the largest teaching Hospital in Upper Egypt (1200 beds) and is a referral centre draining a population of over four million. The Rheumatology and Rehabilitation Department is involved in management and care of patients with various Rheumatic disorders, rehabilitating patients with peripheral neuritis and stroke patients, diagnosis and rehabilitating children with neuromuscular diseases as cerebral palsy and poliomyelitis and the unit is responsible for rehabilitation of individuals with sport injuries in addition to post operative care after different orthopedic procedures.

To achieve these goals, combined clinics are run between my unit and Orthopaedic, Neurology and General Medical Units.

As a resident I was responsible for patients' admission, examination and treatment under supervision of my senior staff .I was also responsible for arranging a daily ward rounds and patients discharge.

N.B.
For about 24 months between 1989-1991, I joined my husband during his Orthopedics training and MD at Manchester University. I had a chance to join Rheumatologists in Hope Hospital and the Senior Physiotherapists in Ladywell Hospital during my stay as clinical attachment. This attachment added much to my experience.

Clinical Demonstrator in Assuit University : June 1992-Dec. 1992: After getting my MSc degree in Rheumatology and Rehabilitation I was appointed as a clinical demonstrator for the above mentioned period during which I added to my responsibilities teaching undergraduate medical students in the final year of medical school and teaching junior colleagues and nurses.

Assistant Lecturer in Rheumatology and Rehabilitation, Assuit Univerisity: 1993 until 

February1999: after being appointed as an assistant lecturer, I have started my research project to get my MD degree in Rheumatology. In addition to this I have continued my clinical commitments.

Visiting Fellow in Rheumatology

I have started in Feb. 1998 in Royal Hallamshire Hospital in Sheffield, England, as a clinical Research Fellow till Dec. 2000.

In England, my MD research project was supervised by Dr. M.Akil, Consultant Rheumatologist at Sheffield center for rheumatic diseases at Royal Hallamshire Hospital, Sheffield. Also I had the chance to join him in clinics and ward rounds.

I had as well the opportunity to join Dr. Amos, Consultant Rheumatologist, in the paediatric Rheumatology clinics at Northern General Hospital, Sheffield. Dr. J.Winfield, Consultant Rheumatologist, in adult Rheumatology clinics at the Royal Hallamshire Hospital and Dr S Till in Sport Medicine clinics in Royal Hallamshire Hospital. 

After the previous period and till April 2001, I have restarted a position as an assistant lecturer
In Department of Rheumatology and Rehabilitation, Assiut Univerisity. Meanwhile, I have finished my research work and my MD thesis had been reviewed and accepted by the board in November 2000.

Conferences and Courses

All the annual international conferences held in Cairo during the past ten years 
arranged by the Egyptian Association of Rheumatic Diseases.

The Arab-African congress for Rheumatic diseases, Cairo, March, 1993 and March, 1997.

East Midland Society of Rheumatology meeting, Leicester, May 1999 and Mansfield,
October 1999.

-EULAR annual congress

Research Work

• Evaluation of Tensor Fasciaelatae Muscle Before and After Hip Hemiarthroplasty by EMG. (MSc thesis as part of Master degree).

• Circulating Cytokines Level in Plasma in Rheumatoid Arthritis patients treated by the second line drugs (Methotrexate, Hydroxychloroquine or combination of both drugs) (MD thesis as a part of MD degree).

Post Doctoral Research work:

1-Levels of 5 –Hydroxyindoleacetic Acid, Gama-
 Aminobutyric Acid and Nitric Oxide Metabolites in
 Cerebrospinal Fluid of Egyptian Women with Fibromyalgia. Presented in the International Congress of the Belgium Society of Internal Medicine 9-10 December 2005 and published in September/October issue of the Belgian Acta of Internal Medicine.

2-Levels of Growth Hormone, Prolactin and Dehydroepiandrosterone Sulfate (DHEAS) in Plasma and Leucocytes of Patients with 
 Rheumatoid Arthritis and Their Relations to Disease Activity
 Journal of The Egyptian Rheumatologist, Vol.27 No.1, 2005: p 
 127-153.
 
3- Serum and synovial fluid biomarkers of disease activity in Osteoarthritis and Rheumatoid Arthritis: Relation with clinical evaluations. Manal A.M. Mandour, Sahar A.M. Saad. Accepted and published in Journal of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology Association in April, 2004.
 

4-Effect of cardiac rehabilitation program in post myocardial infarction elderly womenwith elvated low denisty lipoprotein level. 
Olfat A.ElShafiey, Professor Shirly Moore and Sahar A.M. Saad.
, presented in the thirdl international Pan Arab geriatric conference
 Helwan Univerisity. 

.
5-Evaluation of Ultrasound Role in Detection of ruptured Baker's Cyst with MRI Correlation. Mohammed A. Nafady, Mostafa M. El-Sharkawy , Sahar A.Saad and Maged M Mostafa. Published at the Egyptian Journal of Radiology&Nuc. Med. Vol.35 No 3 (Sep): 1101-1105, 2004.

6-Tendon transfer around shoulder and Rehabilitation in obstetric brachial plexus paralysis: Clinical and computed tomography study. 
Tarek.A. El-Gammal, Sahar Saad, Maged M.Mostafa and Karamallh Ahmed. Assiut Medical Journal. Vol. (30), No. (1) January, 2006.

7- The role of MRI in the diagnosis of obscure musculoskletal pain. Sahar A.Saad, Mostafa M.El-Sharkawy . Accepted for publication on the journal of the egyptian society of rheumatyology and rehabilitation in 16 June 2005

8-Non Union of long bones in children: Results of surgical management. Yasser I .Khalifa, Sahar A.M.Saad et al.
presented in the Annual International Conference of Egyptian Orthopedic Association, Cairo, Nov..2003, and in the Central Europe Orthopaedic Congress 9-12 July 2004.
.

9-Cognetive and neuromuscular disability among children with traumatic brain injuries at Trauma Unit of Assiut University Hospital: Study for two years. Olfat A. Elshafiey, Pamela Lang, Sahar A. Saad. Presented at the first Pan Arab meeting for Cognitive Disability.

10- Cardiac Rehabilitation after Cardiac bypass.
 
 Sahar A.M.Saad, et al Presented in the Annual Congress of
 Assiut Medical School, April 2004. Oct.2002. 

11-Patients' recovery after heart valve surgery and sleep disturbances: The effect of therapeutic use of experimental study.
 Professor Moore SM, Olfat.A.Elshafiey, Sahar AM Saad.

12-Follow up of Acute Ischemic Stroke. Study for two years
 was presented in the Annual International Conference of 
 Egyptian Nursing Association, Oct.2004.

13-Obestetric brachial plexus injury (OBPI) early versus delayed nerve reconstruction. Tarek El-Gammal, M.Mostafa Kotb, Sahar Saad et al..presented at the annual Congress of Egyptian Orthopedic Association., Cairo, Nov. 2004.

14-Obestetric Brachial Plexus Injury: Result of neurolysis, grafting and neurotization. Tarek El Gamaal, Mohamed M Kotb , Sahar A. Saad. Presented at the annual congress of the Egyptian Orthopedic Association, Cairo, Nov.2004.

15-Role of quantitative analysis of cerebral CT numbers in 
 fibromyalgia in women.
Sahar A.Saad, Hassan Kotb and Yahia Abdel-Aziz.
Will be published soon.

Future Plans

I am interested in further studies on Rheumatoid arthritis, SLE and Psoriatic arthritis which I hope to be my field of research over the coming two years. Also I am very interested in doing research work in the field of Rehabilitation of different neurological disorders. 

 

Referees

1- Professor M G Abdel-Metaal
Professor and head of Rheumatology and Rehabilitation 
Department.
Assuit University Hospital
Assuit, Egypt.
Tel: 002-088-2337449
 Fax: 002-088-2333327

2- Professor Galal.z.Said
Professor of Orthopedic Surgery
Assuit University Hospital
Department of Orthopedic Surgery
Assuit, Egypt.
 Fax:002-088-2333327

3 Dr M Akil
Consultant Rheumatologist
Royal Hallamshire Hospital
Glossop Road
Sheffield S10 2JF
Sheffield UK
Tel: 044-0114-2711932
E-mail: gbhc6h@r.postjobfree.com

4 Dr R Amos
Consultant Rheumatologist
Royal Hallamshire Hospital
Glossop Road
Sheffield S10 2JF
Sheffield UK
Tel: 044-0114-2711936
E-mail: gbhc6h@r.postjobfree.com

Contact this candidate