RAMAN LALL

Newark, DE
email: jo0me4@r.postjobfree.com

Career Objective To obtain a position as a Senior Scientist which will utilize acquired skills and knowledge and ensure both
professional as well as personal development.

Education Ph.D., Chemical Engineering, Drexel University, Philadelphia
(September 2001)
M.S., Environmental Engineering, Rutgers University, New
Brunswick, New Jersey
M.S., Chemical Engineering, University of Massachusetts at
Lowell, Lowell, Massachusetts
B. Tech., Chemical Engineering, Indian Institute of Technology,
Kharagpur

Professional Experience

University of Delaware, Newark, Delaware
(September 2008 – Present)

Supplemental Faculty

• Assisted with proposal writing for the creation of the Delaware Center for Systems Biology

• Assisting with book chapter on role of models for Systems Biology

University of Rochester, Rochester, New York
(December 2007 – July 2008)

Senior Research Scientist – Department of Biomedical Engineering

• Numerical simulation of blood flow which include cellular interactions between cells in suspension and between suspended cells and the vessel wall

University of Wisconsin, Madison, Wisconsin
(February 2005 – August 2007)

Research Associate - Group Leader, Biological Pathways, BACTER Institute, Madison, Wisconsin

• Modeling the pyruvate metabolism pathway in ldh- strain of Lactococcus Lactis from
time-series data using non-linear regression. The parameters estimated were used to
investigate conditions and bioreactor designs to enhance ethanol production.

• Modeling the metal-reduction pathway in Shewanella Oneidensis from experimental
time-series data using the S-system representation and using the parameters estimated
to compare reduction rates of metals such as uranium, iron, cobalt and chromium.
The model is further developed to estimate parameters for mixed metals using non-
linear analysis where uranium is degraded in the presence of iron.

Medical University of South Carolina, Charleston, South Carolina
(July 2003 – January 2005)

Post Doctoral Fellow- Department of Biostatistics and Bioinformatics

• Modeling the pathways of glucose and pyruvate metabolism in Lactococcus Lactis
using the S-system representation, the Web-based tool, Webmetabol and a
Generalized Least Squares Method by using experimental metabolic profile data, in the
form of time-series measurements.

University of Delaware, Newark, Delaware (September 2001 – June 2003)

Post Doctoral Fellow – Bioinformatics - Delaware Biotechnology Institute

• Developed, designed and implementing a relational database in Oracle 8i for a
metabolic pathway using Entity-Relationship modeling. The project involved
the use of SQL statements to perform complex queries for flux balance models,
use of PHP script for data insertion from databases such as KEGG and NCBI,
database automation and development of a Web Interface for scientific users.

Teaching Experience

Mathematical Sciences and Computer and Information Sciences Department, University of Delaware
(September 2008 – Present)
Supplemental Faculty – Courses taught

• MATH 351 - Engineering Mathematics I
• MATH 342 - Differential Equations with Linear Algebra II
• MATH 243 – Analytical Geometry and Calculus C
• CISC 106 - General Computer Science

ITT Technical Institute, King of Prussia, Pa
(June 2009 – Present)

Adjunct Instructor

• College Physics GE253P – Course included measurements, motion in one or two dimensions, work and energy, momentum, solids and fluids, oscillations and thermal properties of matter.

BACTER Institute, University of Wisconsin at Madison
(July 2005 – August 2005)

• Database Management course

Drexel University, Philadelphia

Instructor, Drexel Center for Learning and Instruction
(October 1994 – December 2000)

• Undergraduate courses in the areas of reaction kinetics, mass transfer, unit operations,
thermodynamics, calculus – coached students individually and in groups .

Teaching Assistant, Departments of Chemical and Mechanical Engineering
(March 1995 – June 2000)

• Undergraduate courses in the chemical and mechanical engineering areas and
assisted faculty with grading, lectures and exam preparation.

Recitation Instructor, Department of Mathematics and Computer Science
(September 1997 - August 1998)

• Conducted recitations and exams in undergraduate courses in the mathematics area.

Collaborative Visit

John Hopkins University, Baltimore, Maryland
(January 23, 2008)

• Systems Biology Workshop on multiscale modeling

Pacific NorthWest National Lab, Richland, Washington
(August 13- August 19, 2006)

• Interacted with computational modelers and experimentalists pertaining to current results and future experiments for modeling the metal reduction pathway of Shewanella Oneidensis

Projects (Included)

• Development and design of an employee database in Oracle 7.3
• S.A.P R/3 – The Enterprise Resource Planning System – Analysis addressed
advantages and issues to be considered before implementing S.A.P R/3 system

Representative Publications

• R.Lall, T. Donohue, S Marino and J. Mitchell, "Optimizing Ethanol Production
Selectivity" Mathematical and Computer Modeling , Accepted, January (2010)

• R. Lall and J. Mitchell, “Modeling the Metal Reduction Kinetics in Shewanella”
Bioinformatics , doi: 10.1093/bioinformatics/btm400 August (2007)

• E. O.Voit, J. Almeida, S. Marino, R. Lall, G. Goel, A. R. Neves and H. Santos,
“Regulation of Glycolysis in Lactococcus Lactis: An Unfinished Systems Biological
Case Study” IEE Proceedings in Systems Biology, 53(4), 286-298 (2006)

• R. Lall and E. O. Voit, “Parameter estimation in modulated unbranched reaction chains
within biochemical systems” Computational Biology and Chemistry, 29(5), 309-318,
Oct (2005)

• E. O. Voit, S. Marino and R. Lall, “Challenges for the Identification of Biological
Systems from Time Series Data” In Silico Biology, 5(2), 83-92, (2004)

• R. Lall, G. Gao, P.S. Dhurjati and J. Edwards, “MRAD: Metabolic Reaction
Analysis Database: An Entity-Relationship Approach” Journal of Molecular
Microbiology and Biotechnology, 6(1), 12-18, (2003)

• R. Lall, R. Mutharasan, Y.T. Shah and P.S. Dhurjati, “Decolorization of the dye
Reactive Blue 19 using ozonation, ultrasound and ultrasound-enhanced ozonation.”
Water Environment Research, 75(2), 171-179, (2003)

Representative Abstracts

• R.Lall, T. Donohue and J. Mitchell, "Optimizing Ethanol Production Selectivity"
ASEE Mid-Atlantic Conference, King of Prussia, PA (October 23-24, 2009)

• R. Lall and J. Mitchell, “Modeling the Shewanella Oneidensis Metal Reducing Pathway
from Time Series Data using the S-system” , Biomedical Engineering Society
Annual Meeting, Chicago, Illinois (October 11-14, 2006)

• R.Lall and J. Mitchell, “Modeling the Metal Reduction Pathway in Shewanella
Oneidensis from Experimental Time-Series Data using the S-systems representation
and a Generalized Least Square Method”, 14th Annual International
Meeting on Microbial Genomics, Lake Arrowhead, CA (September 24-28, 2006)

• J. Mitchell, T. J. Donohue, G. N. Phillips Jr, N. Perna, Q. Ciu, D. Schwartz, M. Craven,
P. Milewski, S. Wright, R. Lall, “Research Highlights from the BACTER Program-
Biological Pathways-Modeling the Metal Reduction Pathway in Shewanella Oneidensis
from Experimental Time-Series Data Using S-systems” Joint Meeting Genomica: GTL
Contractor – Grantee Workshop IV and Metabolic Engineering Working Group, Inter-
Agency Conference on Metabolic Engineering, North Bethesda, Maryland (February
12-15, 2006)

• S. C. Cunningham, R. Lall, T. Donohue, J. Mitchell, “Integration of Kinetic
Information in the Calvin Cycle Pathway in Rhodobacter sphaeroides & Development
of a S-system Representation” Biocomplexity 7 – Unravelling the Function and
Kinetics of Biochemical Networks: from Experiments to Systems Biology, Bloomington,
Indiana (May 9-11th, 2005)

• S. C. Cunningham, R. Lall, T. Donohue, J. Mitchell, “ A Kinetic Model of the Calvin
Cycle Pathway in Rhodobacter sphaeroides” 13th Annual International Meeting on
Microbial Genomes-Environmental Microbes (September 11-15th, 2005), Madison,
Wisconsin

• R. Lall, S. Marino, A. R. Neves, H. Santos, J. S. Almeida, and E. O. Voit, “Modeling
the Glycolytic Pathway in Lactococcus lactis from Experimental Time Series Data
using S-systems and a Generalized Least Squares Method”, Molecular Systems
Biology: Gene Circuitry, Dynamical Control, and Software Development and
Integration".Grandlibakken Conference Center, Tahoe City, California (August 2004)

• R. Lall, A. R. Neves, H. Santos, J. S. Almeida, and E. O. Voit, “Modeling the
Glycolytic Pathway of Lactococcus lactis from Experimental Time Series Data using
the S-System Representation and the Web-based tool, Webmetabol”, South Carolina
Bioinformatics Symposium, Wild Dunes Resort, Isle of Palms, South Carolina
(March 2004)

• R. Lall, A. R. Neves, H. Santos, J. S. Almeida, and E. O. Voit, “A New Approach
to Parameter Estimation using S-systems: Modeling the Glycolytic Pathway of
Lactococcus Lactis”, Fourth Georgia Tech and University of Georgia International
Conference on Bioinformatics, Atlanta, Georgia (November 2003

• M. Kaplarevic, R. Lall and G. Gao “Upstreamer-Speculative Promoter Sequence
Tool”, IEEE Computer Science Bioinformatics Conference, University of California,
Davis (August 2002)

• R. Lall, G. Gao, J. Edwards and P. S. Dhurjati “Implementation and automation of a
relational database for a biochemical pathway database”, Winter Research
Review, Chemical Engineering Department, University of Delaware. (January 2002)

Journal/Conference Reviewer

2006 Theoretical Biology and Medical Modelling
2003 Journal of Environmental Engineering
2008 Proceedings of ICNMM2008" 2008 Sixth International Conference on Nanochannels, Microchannels and Minichannels June 23-25, 2008, Technische Universitaet of Darmstadt Germany"

Nominations

2009 Marquis Who’s Who in America

Memberships

International Society for Computational Biology

Computer Skills

DATABASES Oracle 8i (SQL Plus), RDBMS Theory, MS Access
OPERATING SYSTEMS MS-DOS, Windows 2000, MacOS 7.5, Unix
PACKAGES MS Office, MATLAB, PLAS, R, Maple
LANGUAGES SQL, C, Fortran

Seminars

Boston University
NIH
UCSF
CIIT
Virginia Tech

Contact this candidate