CLAUDIA DONNET, PH.D.
Arlington, MA *****
617-***-****
ko0ldc@r.postjobfree.com

SUMMARY
Senior scientist with fourteen years of postgraduate experience, and strong scientific, project management,
communication and leadership skills.
• Breadth of understanding across biology, chemistry and analytical techniques
• Ability to deliver presentations to customers, industry colleagues, scientific peers and senior
management
• High energy with positive can do outlook, able to inspire team
• Ability to attract, develop and motivate highly skilled scientific / technical individuals
• Self directed with sense of urgency, and excited to learn and develop new skills

Direct experience with:
• Development and troubleshooting of molecular diagnostic assays and other bioassays.
• Genomics, molecular biology, protein expression and purification.
• Enzyme kinetics, structure function and regulation.
• Proteomics, protein chemistry, protein biochemistry, general chemistry, enzyme kinetics and
enzymology.
• Studying oncogenic signaling pathways using a systems biology approach.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
January 2011 May 2012
Head of Science and Research
Safe Food Scientific, Boston MA
• Leading a team of research assistants in the development and validation and of a spoilage sensor
for perishable food (meat).
• Generating concept statements for new food quality biosensor products for present and future
patents during brainstorming sessions.
• Established and equipped a new laboratory in order to carry out product development and
validation.
• Managing a team of four Research Assistants.

2009 2011
Consulting
Self
• Supported Millenium Research Labs (Woburn, MA) in assay development (mass spectrometry and
ELISA) (Dec 2010 Jan 2011).
• Advised biology group at Tuft University in matters related to protein protein interactions and
protein biochemistry (2009 2010).

2010
Research Scientist
Iquum, Marlboro, MA
• Contributed to the development of molecular diagnostic assay based on TaqMan based multiplex
quantitative real time PCR (qPCR), including formulation, and stability (shelf life) studies.

2009
Staff Scientist
U.S. Genomics, Woburn, MA
• Successfully developed and troubleshoot the protocol for a new prototype of a sample preparation
device for a molecular diagnostic test aimed to identify a wide range of pathogenic bacteria. This protocol
consisted in the isolation of intact genomic DNA from different species of bacteria using enzymatic digestion
and ulterior labeling with fluorescent tags for analysis by the direct linear analysis approach (DLA).
• Validated a new approach for fluorescent DNA tagging applicable to genomic mapping by US
Genomics proprietary direct linear analysis approach (DLA). This involved working on the physicochemical
characterization (thermodynamic and kinetic) of the binding of restriction enzymes to DNA fragments.
• Validated and operated reaction chambers and macrofluidic systems developed by the company.
• Trained junior colleagues in general laboratory techniques and operation of devices designed at
U.S. Genomics.

2007 2008
Senior Research Scientist
Barnett Institute of Chemical and Biological Analysis, Northeastern University, Boston, MA
• Developed appropriate extraction and purification techniques to apply to sample preparation
methods for targeted LC/MS MS protein analysis at the post translational modification level.
• Applied conjugation chemistry to generate different kinds of affinity columns for proteins of
interest.
• Collaborated on a project studying transcription regulation in embryonic development.
• Trained a graduate student to perform mammalian cell culture (monolayers)
• Co managed laboratory operation, with budget administration responsibility.

2005 2007
Postdoctoral Associate
Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Dept of Biological Engineering, Cambridge, MA
• Applied a systems biology approach, studying the status of phosphotyrosine signal transduction
networks in cellular and animal models of cancer with the purpose of discovering new therapeutic targets.
• Applied and developed a methodology consisting of isolation of proteins from cultured cells and
tissues, immunoprecipitation, IMAC and LC/MS MS to identify hundreds of phosphosites from cultured cells
and in tumoral tissues.
• Quantified the level of phosphorylation of proteins by LC/MS MS using isobaric labeling with
iTRAQ.

1996 2005
Research Fellow
Massachusetts General Hospital/Harvard Medical School, Dept of Neurosurgery, Boston, MA
• Designed, developed and utilized enzymatic assays, immunoassays and other bioanalytical tools to
study the structure function of the Na,K ATPase and its regulation by protein kinases C and A.
• Characterized the interaction of several proteins of the FXYD family with the Na,K ATPase.
• Applied a number of protein purification methods to isolate or enrich membrane proteins.
• Applied enzyme kinetics analysis to infer the mechanism of action of regulators of the Na,K
ATPase.
• Cloned and mutated FXYD1 (phospholemman) and generated stable cell lines over expressing the
wild type and the mutant forms.
• Detected the expression of certain protein in mammalian cultured cells by RT PCR (reverse
transcription).

2
• Wrote grant applications and took a course on grant writing.
• Reviewed articles on ATPases for two journals as an invited reviewer.

1992 1996
Head of Teaching Assistants
University of Buenos Aires, Dept of Biological Chemistry, Buenos Aires, Argentina
• Developed a research project on the kinetic effect of chemical modification of lysine residues on
the Ca pump of plasma membranes.
• Supervised and trained a team of ten graduate teaching assistants working with a total of 400
students.
• Supervised, coordinated and trained two undergraduate students to perform research activities.
• Designed and prepared theoretical and laboratory classes on Biological Chemistry I.

SKILLS

Technical Skills
• Enzymology, activity assays, mechanisms, enzyme kinetics, inhibition assay and mechanism,
enzymatic binding assays, mechanism of action MOA studies.
• ELISA, autoradiography. Use of radioisotopes (3H and 32P).
• PCR, RT PCR, qPCR, isolation of intact genomic DNA from bacteria, DNA quantification, DNA
chemistry. SDS PAGE, Western blots. Enzymatic lysis of bacteria. DNA digestion. Interaction of DNA with
proteins (EMSA). Macrofluidic reaction chambers. Protein chemistry, protein quantification, protein
characterization, protein purification, separations. Immunoprecipitation and coimmunoprecipitation of
proteins, affinity capture. Conjugation reactions to generate affinity columns of different kinds.
• Molecular biology: cloning, site directed mutagenesis, stable transfection in mammalian cells.
• General chemistry, titrations, analytical chemistry.
• Subcellular isolation, plasma membranes and microsomes isolation.
• Cell biology: immunohistochemistry, fluorescence imaging.
• Mammalian cell culture and bacteria culture.
• Mass spectrometry: LC/MS (hands on expertise with electrospray), MS/MS (hands on expertise
with ABI’s Q TOF and Thermo’s LTQ). Protein identification. Analysis of PTMs (phosphorylation of tyrosine and
serine residues. Peptide quantitation using iTRAQ. Sample preparation from plasma, cells in culture, solid
tissues (tumors) and frog embryo lysates. IMAC, affinity and immunoaffinity chromatography. Nanoflow RP
HPLC (Agilent, Dionex/Chromeleon), HPLC chromatography (Shimadzu), UV VIS detector.
• Color analysis with reflective spectrophotometer.

Project Administration and Management Skills
• Strong ability to work independently or with teams as either an active member or a leader,
contributing to establish a solid, positive and productive work environment.
• Preparation and maintenance of accurate records of experimental data and techniques.
• Evaluation of timelines and budget for specific projects.
• Supervisory and training experience, with a strong aptitude for simplification.

Communication Skills
• Excellent scientific writing skills.
• Experience presenting complex scientific data orally at invited speaker series, weekly laboratory
meetings, journal clubs and national scientific meetings.
• Experience discussing and presenting scientific information to non scientist, including business
management and general public.
• Proficiency in English and Spanish with basic knowledge of Portuguese, French and Italian.

Computer Skills

Page 3 of 5
Claudia Donnet, Ph.D.
• Proficient in Windows operating systems and experienced in Macintosh operating systems. Skilled
in Microsoft Office, SigmaPlot, and Adobe Photoshop.
• Proficient in molecular biology analysis tools (BLAST, FASTA, etc).
• Skilled in non linear regression with some modeling experience.

PATENTS
1. “Food Quality Indicator”. James R. Strahle and Claudia Donnet. Filed on October 2011.

EDUCATION
1994 Ph.D. in Biochemistry/ Biophysics
University of Buenos Aires, Buenos Aires, Argentina, Graduated Summa Cum Laude.
1989 B.S., Biochemistry
School of Biochemistry, University of Buenos Aires, Buenos Aires, Argentina.
AWARDS AND HONORS
Member of a panel of experts at “Let's Talk About Food Safety” at the Museum of Science (Boston).
2011
2005 FEBS Youth Travel Fellowship to attend FEBS Systems Biology Course in Gossau, Austria
2002 Fellowship from the International Union of Pure and Applied Biophysics (IUPAB) and American Society of
Biophysics to attend to the 14th International Biophysics Congress (April, 26 May 1) in Buenos Aires
(Argentina).
1995 Fellowship from the Single Cell Research Foundation and University of Buenos Aires to attend the FEBS
Advanced Course "Single Cell Techniques in Signal Transduction Research" (April 29 May 5) in Leiden
(Netherlands).
1994 96Member of the Safety Board of the School of Pharmacy and Biochemistry, University of Buenos Aires.
1993 Fellowship from the International Union of Pure and Applied Biophysics (IUPAB) to attend to the 11th
International Biophysics Congress (July, 25 31) in Budapest (Hungary).
1996 Fogarty International Fellowship to perform a postdoctoral training in USA
1996 Best PhD Thesis of the Year, School of Pharmacy and Biochemistry, University of Buenos Aires

PUBLICATIONS IN LAST 10 YEARS
1. K. Carneiro, Donnet, C., Rejtar, T., Karger, B.L., Barisone, G.A., Díaz, E., Kortagere, S.,
Lemire, J. and Levin, M. “Histone Deacetylase activity is necessary for left right
patterning during vertebrate development” BMC Dev. Biol. (2011) 11 (1): 29.
2. J. Seo, White FM and Donnet C. “Quantitative analysis of phosphoproteomics signaling in
Her2 induced transgenic mouse tissues” HUPO 6th Annual World Congress (2007)
Seoul, Korea.
3. Arystarkhova, E., Donnet, C., Muñoz Matta, A., Specht, S. and Sweadner, K.J.
“Multiplicity of expression of FXYD proteins in mammalian cells: dynamic exchange of
phospholemman and gamma subunit in response to stress”. Am. J. Physiol: Cell Physiol.
(2007) 292: C1179–C1191.
4. L.G. Jia, Donnet, C., Bogaev, R.C., Blatt R.J., McKinney C.E., Day K.H., Berr S.S., Jones
L.R., Moorman J.R., Sweadner K.J., and Tucker A.L. “The role of phospholemman in the
murine heart: Evidence for cardiac hypertrophy and reduced Na,K+ATPase activity in
phospholemman–deficient mice”, Am. J. Physiol. Heart Circ. Physiol. (2005) 288:
H1982 H1988.
5. Feschenko, M.S., Donnet, C., Wetzel, R.K., Asinovski, N.K., Jones, L. and Sweadner, K.J. "
Phospholemman, a single span membrane protein, is an accessory protein of Na,K ATPase
in cerebellum and choroid plexus " J. Neurosci. (2003) 23:2161 2169.
4
6. Donnet, C. & Sweadner K.J. "The Mechanism of Na K Interaction on Na,K ATPase". Ann.

N.Y. Acad. Sci. (2003) 986: 249 251.
7. Sweadner, K.J., Arystarkhova, E., Donnet, C. & Wetzel, R.K. "FXYD proteins as regulators
of the Na,K ATPase in the kidney". Ann. N.Y. Acad. Sci. (2003) 986: 382 387.
8. Reyes A.M., Bustamante F., Rivas C.I., Ortega M., Donnet C., Rossi J.P ., Fischbarg J. and
Vera J.C. "Nicotinamide is not a Substrate of the Facilitative Hexose Transporter GLUT1"
Biochemistry (2002) 41:8075 8081.
9. Arystarkhova E., Donnet, C. and K. J. Sweadner "Differential regulation of renal Na,K
ATPase by splice variants of the subunit". J Biol Chem. (2002) 277:101**-*****.
10. Sweadner, K.J. and Donnet, C. "Structural similarities of Na,K ATPase and SERCA, the
Ca(2+) ATPase of the sarcoplasmic reticulum" Biochem J. (2001) 356:685 704.
11.
Donnet, C., Arystarkhova, E. and K. J. Sweadner "Thermal Denaturation of the Na,K

ATPase Provides Evidence for Oligomeric Interaction and Subunit Association with the C
terminal Domain" J. Biol. Chem. (2001) 276: 7357 7365.
INVITED ORAL PRESENTATIONS
2005 Massachusetts General Hospital, Gastrointestinal Unit
Title: “Regulatory Properties of Proteins of the FXYD Family”
2005 Harvard Medical School and Brigham and Women’s Hospital, Membrane Biology Program Research
Seminars
Title: “Regulation of the Na,K ATPase by Proteins of the FXYD Family”
2000 University of Buenos Aires, Dept. of Pharmacology, School of Pharmacy and Biochemistry, Argentina
Title: “Structural Aspects of the Na,K ATPase”
1995 Free University of Amsterdam, Department of Microbiology of the Amsterdam, Netherlands
Title: “Kinetic Effects of Chemical Modifications, on the Calcium Pump of Plasma Membrane”

Page 5 of 5
Claudia Donnet, Ph.D.
Contact this candidate