Rajendra Perni

E-Mail: lc2jvu@r.postjobfree.com

Professional Overview

CAREER OBJECTIVE: Research and development position in a biotechnology or pharmaceutical company that will allow full utilization of my research knowledge, extensive laboratory experience and organizational skills.
SUMMARY:
Acquired research experience both in a laboratory and industry setting, in biomedical and pharmaceutical sciences which supports my translational research interest.
Experienced in preclinical testing of small molecules in both in-vitro and in-vivo models.
Substantial experience in aseptic cell culture techniques, protein assays, immunoassays, immunohistochemistry, Western blotting, SDS PAGE, receptor-ligand binding assays, purification of proteins by analytical methods.
Extensive experience with handling and maintenance of analytical instruments, autoclaves, centrifuges, pH meters, tissue processing, fluorescent and confocal microscopy.
Formal graduate-level coursework in all aspects of Drug Discovery and Development including a thorough understanding of all aspects of Clinical Studies.
Skilled in organizing experimental data using Microsoft office and statistics software such as SPSS.
Excellent writing, verbal and presentation skills.
SKILLS:
Proficient in handling instruments, such as calorimeter, HPLC, UV-spectrophotometer, ultra- centrifuge, autoclave, sonicater.
Skilled in pharmaceutical laboratory techniques like liquid chromatography, gas chromatography, UV-spectrophotometer, FTIR, and wet chemistry techniques.
Skilled in various cell and molecular biology techniques: aseptic cell culture techniques, immunoblotting, immunohistochemistry, western blotting and membrane filtration.
Trained in techniques like ELISA, RT-PCR, cell transfection, cloning, DNA and RNA extraction.
Have good knowledge of GMP and GLP regulations.
Trained junior undergraduate students in preparing cultures for microbiology lab sessions.
Extensive experience working with and handling lab animals.
Proven ability to organize and manage data.
Have good analytical and logical skills to design and conduct experiments.

Core Qualifications

Cell and Molecular biology
Biochemistry and Microbiology
Drug metabolism and Pharmacokinetics
In-vivo studies

Chromatography
Spectrophotometry
Formulation Science
Wet chemistry techniques

Accomplishments

ADDITIONAL TRAINING:
Handling of laboratory animals(SUCP, November 2007)
Safe use of radio-active material in laboratory(DUCOM, August 2010)
Anesthesia and analgesia of rodents(DUCOM, June 2011)
Aseptic Surgery of rodents(DUCOM, June 2011)

Education

May, 2012 Drexel University College of Medicine Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
M.S Molecular Medicine

Overall GPA: 3.50/4.0
May 2009 Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University Hyderabad, AP
Bachelor of Pharmacy

Overall GPA: 3.73/4.0
2010 Fairleigh Dickinson University Madison, New Jersey
M.S Pharmaceutical Chemistry

Overall GPA: 3.56/4.0
Have taken I semester at this university, where I had a graduate level course work in Biochemistry, Pharmacokinetics and Pharmacology.

Experience

June 2011 to May 2012
Drexel University College of Medicine
Research Assistant

Collaborated in studying the epigenetic control of PDGFR alpha expression in prostate and breast cancer cells.
Performed protein assays, immunohistochemistry, SDS-PAGE, cell transformation and western blotting to evaluate the expression of PDGFR alpha and CX3CR1.
Effectively performed aseptic cell culture techniques including freezing, thawing, growing, splitting, cell counting and plating of SKBR3 and MDA-231 breast cancer cell lines.
Performed preclinical in-vivo and in-vitro testing a small molecule for its antagonizing property against a receptor which is known to have a key role in skeletal metastasis in breast cancer.
In-vivo testing includes intra-cardiac injection of mice with breast cancer cells.
Performed animal dissections, fixed tissues, cryopreserved and analyzed them under fluorescence microscope.
In-vitro testing includes inhibition studies of receptor-ligand interaction on breast cancer cell lines using an antagonist for the receptor, cell migration assay and cytotoxicity studies.

Sept' 2009 to Dec' 2009
Fairleigh Dickinson University
Laboratory Intern

Trained in UV-Visible spectrophotometry, collecting and organizing data using spectral libraries including SDBS and NIST.
Prepared metal complexes and analyzed them by UV-Visible spectrophotometry and IR spectroscopy.
Performed FTIR sampling.
Trained in interactive computer modeling of molecular spectrometry.

July 2008 to May 2009
Bachelor of Pharmacy JNTU
Research Assistant

Successfully submitted a report on the project titled "Studies on Formulation and Evaluation of Mucoadhesive Buccal Films of Diclofenac Sodium" to Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University, Hyderabad, India in May 2009.
Mastered in formulating and synthesizing various concentrations of buccal films of diclofenac sodium.
Conducted drug dissolution, disintegration studies in vitro and analytical studies using chromatography, and UV/IR spectrophotometers, also performed in-vivo pharmacokinetic studies on mouse models.
Worked as a team in designing protocols for stability studies, force degradation, dissolution, solubility studies, content uniformity, and moisture determination.

May 2008 to June 2008
Biochemicals and Synthetics Pvt. Ltd Hyderabad, AP
Intership Trainee

Worked in quality control and quality analysis, manufacturing and granulation units.
Trained on cGMP compliance in both analytical R&D unit and manufacturing unit.
Worked with the technical support team concerned with downstream purification processes for manufacturing of PAS including process performance monitoring, implementation of process improvement strategies, and development of process models.
Conducted HPLC process development, optimization and validation in the analysis of drug product (tablets, capsule and other formulation) in support of formulation development, in-process and finished products.

Presentations

PAPER PRESENTATIONS:
Method Development in High Performance Liquid Chromatography Columns" at JNTU( November 2007)
Studies on Formulation and Evaluation of Mucoadhesive Buccal Films of Diclofenac Sodium" at JNTU(May 2009).

Certifications

?Registered as Pharmacist under Pharmacy Council of AP, India.
Contact this candidate