SUMMARY
• Eight years experience studying the chemistry and physics of fluids and suspensions containing nanoparticles, colloidal particles, polymers as well as other complex fluids and flows
• Four peer-reviewed, three first author publications – two in high impact journals (Phys Rev Let)
• Experienced in creating materials, building devices and characterizing the resulting materials
• Expertise in characterization techniques including microscopy (Confocal, optical, fluorescence, polarized, and scanning electron microscopy) and rheology
• Highly developed problem solving and trouble shooting skills
• Excellent written and oral communications skills

EDUCATION:
Ph.D. Chemical Engineering, April 30, 2010
University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, MI
Thesis topic: "Flow assisted formation of multilayer colloidal crystal arrays"
Advisors: Ronald G. Larson, Michael J. Solomon

MSE Chemical Engineering, December 22, 2006
University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, MI

BSE Chemical Engineering, May 01, 2004
University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, MI

RESEARCH EXPERIENCE:
Colloidal crystal arrays formed under shear flow
March 2008 – Present, advised by Ronald G. Larson, Michael J. Solomon
Research involved creation of a parallel plate shear cell mounted on a confocal microscope and creation of colloidal crystal arrays using step strain. This required fabrication of the shear device, synthesis and characterization of particles, characterization of the device and velocity profile, and step strain experiments. Results have shown that crystal quality is the result of the applied stain and the stress based Peclet number.

Graduate Student Instruction (September 2008- December 2008)
Responsibilities included supervising and assisting 12-15 undergraduate chemical engineering students in operating process equipment, design of experiments, and improvement of critical thinking skills during a weekly four hour lab session. Other responsibilities included grading reports and holding office hours. Taught full time (2 lab sections)

Graduate Student Instruction (September 2007- December 2007)
Responsibilities included supervising and assisting 12-15 undergraduate chemical engineering students in operating process equipment, design of experiments, and improvement of critical thinking skills during a weekly four hour lab session. Other responsibilities included grading reports and holding office hours. Taught part time (1 lab section)

I also was part of a 3 person group that created the first new teaching experiment for this lab in about 20 years. Along with fellow graduate student Abhishek Shetty and our advisor Michael Solomon, we created an experiment to determine how small amounts of polymer could reduce drag in a Virk tube device. We created the device, and wrote the manual and SOP. We created application scenarios forcing the students to scale up flow for economic potential, including putting PEO in waterways to reduce drag for ships.

Fabrication of colloidal crystals through spin coating
October 2005- March 2008, advised by Ronald G. Larson, Michael J. Solomon
The goal of this research was to determine the conditions required to form high quality multilayer colloidal crystals using spin coating. Understanding of the systems of fundamental physics involved particle synthesis, creation of a photopolymerization system to immobilize structures, and development of image processing code to determine degrees of local ordering. This resulted in a correlation of crystal quality with local stress (Peclet number) and macroscopic strain criteria that can be compared to simple shear flow data.

Evaporation deposition and flow instabilities in drying droplets
July 2004- September 2005, advised by Ronald G. Larson, Michael J. Solomon
Research involved study of Marangoni instabilities (recirculating flows) and deposition patterns formed by evaporation of droplets of dilute colloidal suspensions. Optical, scanning electron, and confocal microscopy were used to image these phenomena. Responsibilities involved particle synthesis, system and experimental design, controlled experiments, and data analysis. Marangoni instabilities were identified by optical fluorescence microscopy in droplets of dilute colloidal suspensions

Visualization of elastic instabilities in Boger fluids (Undergraduate research)
May 2002-September 2004, advised by Ronald G. Larson
Research involved characterizing the rheological behavior of Boger fluids with a focus on understanding elastic instabilities. Rheological data were collected and flow was simultaneously visualized to understand the onset of instability in these fluids. Direct visualization by varying stress and strain showed distinct flow patterns, yielding critical conditions of highly viscous flows. Recognized as Editor’s Choice in Science.

WORK EXPERIENCE:
Link Engineering Company
Advised by: Jim Stimach, Roy Link
Summer 2000, 2001
Web design and product literature development for brake testing equipment, servo controllers, and other products (most in automotive industry). Responsibilities included verification of technical specifications, composition and editing of product literature, photographing equipment, and meeting with sales.

Ford Motor Company
Advised by: Odele Papoola
Summer 1999
Worked in the Materials science division performing tests to determine material properties of thermal sprayed coatings and other materials. Both onsite and offsite work involving sample creation by thermal spraying, hardness testing and other material property testing. Interaction with suppliers and customers was required, and I attended many seminars on environmental and materials topics.

PUBLICATIONS:
Shereda LT, Larson RG, Solomon MJ. “Boundary-driven colloidal crystallization in simple shear flow.” Physical Review Letters 105, 228302 (2010).

Shereda LT, Larson RG, Solomon MJ. “Shear banding in crystallizing colloidal suspensions.” Korean Australian Journal of Rheology 22(4), 309316, 2010.

Shereda LT, Larson RG, Solomon MJ. “Local stress control of spatiotemporal ordering of colloidal crystals in complex flows.” Physical Review Letters 101 (3) 038301.

Schiamberg BA, Shereda LT, Hu H, Larson RG. “Transitional pathway to elastic turbulence in torsional, parallel-plate flow of a polymer solution”. Journal of Fluid Mechanics 554 191-216 May 10 2006. **

** Editor’s choice in Science. “Shaking up viscous fluids” Science 312 974.

AWARDS:
2009 University of Michigan Graduate Student Symposium
1st place oral presentation (Fluid Mechanics division)

2008 University of Michigan Graduate Student Symposium
2nd place oral presentation (Fluid Mechanics division)

2007 University of Michigan Graduate Student Symposium
2nd place oral presentation (Rheology and Nanomaterials division)

ORAL PRESENTATIONS:
“Step strain induced crystallization in concentrated colloidal suspensions”
Department seminar, University of Michigan (November 24, 2009)

“Step strain induced crystallization in concentrated colloidal suspensions”
Graduate Student Symposium, University of Michigan (November 2009)

“Step strain induced crystallization in concentrated colloidal suspensions”
Society of Rheology annual meeting, Madison Wisconsin (October 20, 2009)

"Stress Controlled Formation of Multilayer Colloidal Crystal Arrays through Spin Coating"
Graduate Student Symposium, University of Michigan (November 2008)

"Stress Controlled Formation of Multilayer Colloidal Crystal Arrays through Spin Coating"
82nd ACS Colloid and Surface Science Symposium
University of North Caroline, Raleigh (June 15-18 2008)

"Flow-Assisted Assembly Of Multilayer Colloidal Crystal Arrays Through Spin Coating"
Graduate Student Symposium, University of Michigan (November 2007)

"Flow-Assisted Assembly Of Multilayer Colloidal Crystal Arrays Through Spin Coating"
AiChE National Conference, Salt Lake City, UT (November 2007)

Complex fluids seminars (2002-2006) (three presentations)

POSTER PRESENTATIONS
“Analysis of Structures Formed by Application of Step Strain to Dense Colloidal Suspensions”
American Institute of Chemical Engineers (AIChE) annual meeting, Nashville, Tennessee (November 08, 2009)

“Flow-assisted assembly of multilayer colloidal crystal arrays through spin coating”
International Fine Particles Research Institute (IFPRI) annual conference (June 2009)

“Flow assisted assembly of multilayer colloidal crystal arrays through spin coating“
International Conference of Rheology Malibu, CA

“Characterization of colloidal crystal microstructure via confocal microscopy”
Blue-Green Seminar, Michigan State University (Fall 2006)

TEACHING EXPERIENCE:
Creation of polymer drag experiment for teaching lab
Along with Abhishek Shetty and Michael Solomon created an experiment to determine how small amounts of polymer could reduce drag in a BLANK device. Created application and scale up flow for economic potential and scaling of the system.

ChE 360: Introductory lab course for chemical engineering (Fall 2007)
Responsibilities included supervising and assisting 12-15 undergraduate chemical engineering students in operating process equipment, design of experiments, and improvement of critical thinking skills during a weekly four hour lab session. Other responsibilities included grading reports and holding office hours.

ChE 360: Introductory lab course for chemical engineering (Fall 2008)
Same responsibilities as listed above except teaching two four hour sections per week (full time).

Undergraduate independent projects: (Winter semester 2008, fall semester 2008)
Responsibilities included assisting an undergrad in a project on liquid crystals by discussing relevant papers, helping in experimental design, and helping the student develop critical thinking skills and experimental techniques to progress in the desired area. This required approximately 5 hours per week time commitment.

OTHER RELEVANT SKILLS:
Leadership skills:
• Lab management/organization
• Chemical hygiene officer (4 years)
• Undergraduate and graduate safety training
• Scheduling and supervision of weekly lab cleanups
• Writing standard operating procedures (SOPs)
Microscopy:
• Confocal laser scanning microscopy (CLSM)
• Confocal microscopy repair and maintenance
• Scattering electron microscopy (SEM)
• Fluorescence microscopy
• Optical microscopy
• Microscope alignment and repair
Software and programming:
• Extensive use of lab software (LabView, LabMotion etc..)
• C++ algorithm creation
• Matlab and Mathmatica programming
• Development and optimization of image processing techniques
• Development of algorithms to assess crystal quality
Miscellaneous other skills:
• Shear cell device design/fabrication
• Bulk rheology measurements
• Direct visualization of complex flows
• Organic synthesis
• Characterization and analysis of organic products
• Synthesis of colloidal particles
• Surface modification (glass)
• Equipment maintenance and repair
• Development of photopolymerization systems
• Waste disposal/OSHA contact (4 years)

ADDITIONAL ACHIEVEMENTS AND LEADERSHIP:
Future Scientists and Future Engineers outreach project (2003, 2004, 2005, 2006)
Created experiments to teach middle school girls about complex fluids, confocal microscopy and chemical engineering. Additionally, ran programming two days each summer for 25 girls.

Creation of drag reduction experiment with A Shetty and MJ Solomon for the ChE 360 Lab course
Created a lab experiment as part of a molecular engineering grant. We used a Virk tube setup to design both a calibration experiment for the system and an experiment where students make polymer stock solutions and dilutions to demonstrate how a small amount of polymer can reduce drag in pipe flow. Currently being used in Chemical Engineering Lab I.

“Particlefest”
Created and ran a workshop for advanced colloidal science students from various groups in the United States as well as the Netherlands. The three day workshop provided instruction and full demonstrations for making poly(12-hydroxystrearic acid) stabilizer and poly (methyl methacrylate) particles stabilized with this mixture. It also involved the creation of a 50 page instructional manual detailing complex synthesis procedures.

Marion Sarah Parker Scholar
Women in Science and Engineering in Residence Program (WISERP)

Contact this candidate