Ioana Bondre
*** ****** *****
San Antonio, TX, *8260
Cellular: 586-***-****
ow5grc@r.postjobfree.com

WORK EXPERIENCE

 Kinetic Concepts, Inc., San Antonio, TX 6/2010 – Present
Summer Intern, Research and Development

As a member of the Applied Sciences group, my responsibilities are: developing testing protocols, performing literature searches, gathering and analyzing data, writing test reports, and preparing manuscripts for the publication of the results. The studies in which I am involved are conducted with the goals of showing the product’s applicability to current clinical needs, and satisfying FDA requirements for the commercialization of one of the company’s new generation negative pressure wound therapy products (Class III medical device). 

 Kinetic Concepts, Inc., San Antonio, TX 10/2009 – 1/2010
Contractor, Product Development

Responsible for developing the test protocol, gathering and analyzing data, and writing the final report for a bacterial aerosolization and contamination study. The goal of the study is to show the absence of bacterial particles in one of the components of the company’s mattress products after a 12 hour use.

 Kinetic Concepts, Inc., San Antonio, TX 6/2009 – 9/2009
Summer Intern, Research and Development

Responsible for developing the protocol for an in simulo study comparing bacterial aerosolization during wound cleansing via pulsed lavage vs. wound cleansing via normal saline solution instillation in conjunction with negative pressure wound therapy. The purpose of the study is showing that using saline solution instillation for wound cleansing is superior to pulsed lavage because it prevents the aerosolization of the bacteria during the process of wound cleansing. The findings of the study are used to effectively market the product to clinicians by addressing their concerns of cross contamination, occupational safety, and nosocomial infections of the patients. The results were presented at the Wound Healing Society Conference in April 2010.

 Wayne State University, Academic Success Center, Detroit, MI 8/2008 – 4/2010
Microbiology Instruction Leader

Lead study sessions for undergraduate microbiology students. Work closely with the professor of the course and design lesson plans, practice exams and review materials to help the students succeed in the class. The course has an enrollment of 450 students. 

 

EDUCATION

 Wayne State University, Detroit, MI Grad. 2010
Major: Bachelor of Science, Biomedical Physics 
This is a new major focusing on biological and medical application of Physics, GPA: 3.50

 Utica High School, Shelby Twp., MI Grad. 2006
High School Diploma, GPA: 3.81
Ioana Bondre Page 2 of 3
586-***-****

RESEARCH PROJECTS

 Wayne State University, Choong – Min Kang Lab, Detroit, MI 5/2008 – 1/2010
Undergraduate research in Molecular Microbiology

The focus of my work in Dr. Kang’s laboratory is studying the role of phosphorylation in protein interaction using the Mycobacterial 2 Hybrid system. The proteins studied are PrcA – the alpha subunit of the mycobacterial proateasome, and PafA (Proteasomal accessory factor A) and Mpa. These proteins are involved in the pathogenesis of Mycobacterium tuberculosis. My most recent project has the goal of showing the translational coupling of a toxin and anti-toxin in Mycobacterium tuberculosis.

My duties include experimental design, performing molecular cloning, bacterial cell culture, and nucleic acid analysis. 
 

 St. Joseph Mercy Oakland Hospital, Pontiac, MI 5/2008 – 8/2008
Clinical research
Compile data submitted by nurses regarding incidents of patient falls. The clinical study has the goal of identifying the main causes of patient falls and finding the most efficient ways to prevent them.

 

COMMUNITY SERVICE

 Volunteer at American Cancer Society’s Camp Discovery (Kerrville, TX) 07/2009 and 07/2010

Camp Discovery is a yearly, one week long camp for children who have been diagnosed with cancer or are in remission. My volunteer duties include decorating a large hall for the annual theme party and helping prepare the children’s costumes.

 Volunteer at Detroit Receiving Hospital 12/2007 – 9/2008

I have volunteered in the Emergency Room, Operating Room, and In-Patient Unit. My responsibilities in these departments include taking patients’ vital signs, providing nurses with medical supplies, transporting patients to and from X-ray appointments, delivering patients’ meals, and job shadowing medical doctors. Detroit Receiving Hospital is the only Trauma Level 1 hospital in the city of Detroit. It is also part of the Detroit Medical Center, the primary medical facility used to train the medical students of Wayne State University's School of Medicine. 
 
 Undergraduate volunteer at Cass Clinic 9/2007 – 12/2008

Cass Clinic is a free clinic run by medical students to provide basic medical care to the underserved urban population of Detroit. My responsibilities are to assist medical students in consulting the patients, obtaining medical histories, performing basic medical examinations and diagnosing minor affections. All the procedures are executed under the supervision of an attending physician.

 Alternative Spring Break Detroit, Crime and Blight Group 3/2008

I am a member of a 50 student group from Wayne State University and the University of North Carolina Chapel Hill. Our duties consist in working with the non-profit organization Blight Busters. The main project consists in remodeling an abandoned house in order to prevent it from being further vandalized. Burnt and abandoned houses are often used as venues for drug trafficking, which brings gang violence in neighborhoods and threatens the safety of the impoverished urban population.
Ioana Bondre Page 3 of 3
586-***-****

ORGANIZATIONS

 American Medical Student Association , 9/2007 – Present
 Note: Recipient of Kaplan Scholarship for ‘Most Active’ AMSA member 
 French Club President, 9/2005 – 6/2006
 National Honor Society Member, 9/2005 – 6/2006
 Key Club Member, 9/2005 – 6/2006
 Staff Writer for Wayne State University's student newspaper, 12/2007 – 6/2008

 

ACADEMIC ACHIEVEMENTS

 Christina J. Neumann and Zamarripa Family Scholarship, 3/2008

 Participation in Y/X Youth Exchange Conference at Wayne State University 3/2007
The theme of the Conference was globalization. Received Award for Intellectual Achievement 
from Wayne State University College of Liberal Arts and Science for paper presented at Conference.

 

PROFESSIONAL SKILLS

 Nucleic acid analysis techniques, bacterial cell culture, molecular cloning techniques, spectrophotometry, and fluorescence spectroscopy.

 NI Elvis II Prototyping Platform, which is a hands-on design and prototyping platform that integrates the 12 most commonly used instruments – including oscilloscope, digital multimeter, function generator, bode analyzer, and more – into a compact form factor ideal for the lab or classroom.

 OriginLab Data Analysis and Graphing Software

 Speak four languages (English, Romanian, Italian and French)

Contact this candidate