Priyanka saxena
*/* , ** *********** *****
Glasgow G53 6LJ
Mobile no: 044-07792119620
Email: r5vt0e@r.postjobfree.com
Date Of Birth: 09.06.1987
Nationality: Indian
Objective

I am keen to begin a career in Pharmaceutical n biotech industries. I am a recent graduate with some lab experience who combined studies with working and other commitments. In achieving this, I have shown myself to be self-motivated, committed and determined in achieving my goals, come what may. I have also demonstrated negotiating and organizing skills, a firm sense of responsibility and my capacity to work hard under pressure. I possess excellent verbal and written communication skills and am able to relate to a wide range of people.
Education
2008 – 2009: University of Leicester, UK
M.Res Degree in Cell physiology and pharmacology.
Supervision: Dr. John Mitcheson
Thesis title: Gating and Pharmacology of a Bacterial homologue of human ether-e-go-go-related gene (hERG) potassium channel.
Passed.

2004 – 2008: University of Pune, India
Bachelor in Pharmacy.

Dissertation Project: Evaluation of antimicrobial activity of ficus glomerata Linn bark.
Grade: First class

2002 – 2004: Model College of Science, Mumbai India
HSC, First class Mumbai board.

Topics Covered During Degree

• Pharmacology of drugs
• Physiology of ion channels.
• Pharmaceutics
• Medicinal chemistry of various drugs and their synthesis
• Pharmacology and phathophysiology
• Biochemistry and microbiology
• Pharmacognosy of various plant species
• Biothechnology : downstream process, fermentation, genetics.

Relevant Work Experience

Sep 2009 – April 2010: University of Leicester, UK
Research Assistant

Duties included:
• PCR, Primer designing
• ELISA, sSDS Page
• Site Directed mutagenesis
• In-vitro transcription
• Gel electrophoresis
• Cell Culture techniques
• Defolleculation of Oocytes.
• Electrophysiology: Two electrode voltage clamp

May 2008- Oct 2008: Alkem Pharmaceuticals, Mumbai India
Quality Assurance with experience in working under GMP and ICH guidelines.

3 months Training: Biochem Pharmaceutical in a production unit.

Non-Relevant Work Experience

Summer 2008/2009: Health Research Board,
Temp. Office Assistant
Involved in processing and acquiring referees for grants made to the HRB for Funding.

Qualifications and Skills

Electrophysiology: Two electrode voltage clamp
Molecular biology: GMP, ELISA, SDS Page
PCR, Primer Designing
Transformation
In-vitro transcription
Gel electrophoresis
Site directed mutagenesis
Cell culture technique

Presented a poster on ‘Evaluation of antimicrobial activity of ficus flomerata linn bark’ on 59th
Indian Pharmaceutical Congress at Varanasi, India

Conference Attended
Many scientific conferences attend in India and UK
Various transferable skills courses attended in university of Leicester.
Referees
Available on Request

Contact this candidate