Duobo Yang
*** ******* ***, #***
Johnston, RI **919
401-***-****
th50e3@r.postjobfree.com

Experiences
Tedor Pharma Inc. Cumberland, RI
Analytical Development Assistant to the Director, R&D Analytical Group (November 2009 – present)

Supervised chemists and technical laboratory personnel to perform analytical tests and established weekly work routines necessary to ensure on the time delivery

Represented pharmaceutical analysis on cross-functional project teams

Managed analytical activities to meet strategic and project goals

Collaborated with clients on projects’ process and requirements, and presented preclinical data in an interdisciplinary environment

Supported other department members to assure technical aspects of all projects

Prepared documentations of raw material, secondary standards, and finished products

Took lead technical role for analytical method transfer, qualifications, and validations

Transfered analytical methods, validation protocol/reports, and specifications to quality control department

Tedor Pharma Inc. Cumberland, RI
Analytical Scientist, R&D Analytical Group (September 2007 – present)

Key member in the Analytical Method Development Group, involved in developing, qualifying, implementing, and transferring analytical methods to internal testing laboratories

Responsible for designing analytical methods, reviewing and modifying existing procedures for preclinical and clinical studies

Provided analytical support to formulation development and optimization activities, including preformulation analysis of small molecules

Analyzed validation data and wrote analytical method validation reports

Analyzed, identified, and characterized starting materials, reference standards, active ingredients, related substances, excipients and impurities

Performed GMP release and stability testing of drug substances and products intended to be used in clinical studies

Wrote technical reports and prepared data for presentation and review, in accordance with regulatory requirements of current Good Manufacture Practices (cGMPs)

University of Rhode Island Kingston, RI
Research & Teaching Assistant, Department of Chemistry (August 2004 – July 2007)

Explored and developed a novel “Nano-Jigsaw” assembly scheme by using silane-based polymers for monolithic chromatography columns

Instructed pharmacy and chemistry undergraduate students to perform basic chemistry experiments, including analytical and organic chemistry

Peking University Beijing, China
Analytical Assistant, Department of Public Health (July, 2002 – May 2004)

Detected trace elements in varied samples by operating analytical instrumentation such as Mass Spectrometry and Fluorescence Spectroscopy

Identified toxic compounds from biological samples such as mouse’s brains, organs and blood by using high performance liquid chromatography

Responsible for writing analytical reports

Qualifications

Extensive hands-on experience in small molecule analytical method development

Experienced in wet chemistry, separation/spectroscopic sciences and associated instrumentation, e.g. UV and HPLC (Agilent, Hitachi)

Hands-on experience on Agilent LC-MS Chemstation Software

Experience on the LC-MS system (Applied Biosystems, QSTAR Elite Hybrid LC/MS/MS Quadrupole-TOF System)

Experience on GC system (Hewlett Packard system)

Solid understanding and hands-on experience with dissolution, solid-state characterization technique (e.g. FTIR, particle size analysis)

Extensive hands-on experience with Karl Fischer Titrator and Total Organic Carbon (TOC) Analyzer

Strong knowledge of GMP regulations

Effective verbal and written communication skills, including good teaching and presentation skills, and the ability to work well within a team environment

Strong abilities in troubleshooting, problem-solving, data review and interpretation, and multi-tasking

Training

Analytical Methods Validation – For FDA Compliance, 03/01/10-03/03/10
The Center for Professional Advancement

A broad understanding and hands-on knowledge of the method validation process and the difficulties encountered in validating methods to comply with upgraded FDA CDER requirements

HPLC, GC, UV/Vis, and titration validation methods for small organic molecules, and biological molecules

The more common mathematical and statistical treatments to validation data

Efficiently design validation experiments and documentations

Education

M. S. in Analytical Chemistry, 2004-2007
Department of Chemistry, University of Rhode Island, Kingston, RI
Thesis title: “Silane-Based Polymers for Monolithic Chromatography Columns: A Novel Nano-Jigsaw Assembly Scheme”, Advisor: Jaycoda S. Major

B. S. in Food Science & Technology, 1998-2002
School of Food Science & Technology, Southern Yangtze University, Wuxi, P. R. China

Presentation and Publication

Aruna M. Velamakanni, Deidre L. Blackwell, Duobo Yang, Sunil Sonawane, Swapna, Addagulla, and Jaycoda S. Major, “Synthesis and Characterization of Functionalized Silane-Based Copolymers for Thermally Robust Polymer-Silica Hybrids”, Polym. Chem., 2010.

Duobo Yang and Jaycoda S. Major, “A Novel ‘Nano-Jigsaw’ Approach to Polymer Monolithic Column Development”, Eastern Analytical Symposium, 11/2006.

Contact this candidate