Eric Durston
Results oriented manager who thrives in fast-paced and competitive environments.
Brings strong presentation, analytical and creative problem solving skills and ability. 4905 W Frogs Leap Dr Apt 6217
South Jordan, UT 84009
916-***-****
ac301a@r.postjobfree.com
EXPERIENCE
Overstock.com, S alt Lake City, UT I nteraction Designer May 2017 - Present
● Creates graphic support for developers covering multiple promotion campaigns
● Ensure synergies between campaign messages and designs
● Edit images, create web banners and other ads
● Embrace and maintain the brand guidelines in all areas of the business and update as needed. Educate needed individuals on the importance of brand compliance and provide them usage guidelines to work within.
● Work with other internal departments including Developers, Campaign Merchandise and UX/UI teams
Overstock.com, S alt Lake City, UT M arketing Promotions Coordinator
September 2016 - May 2017
● Creating weekly site sale events, holiday campaigns and promotions
● Gathered Data to coordinating event logistics
● Acting as liaison with the Buyer department to increase promotions inventory.
Carmax, S alt Lake City, UT A ssistant Business Office Manager December 2015 - September 2016
● Interviewed, hired, and trained new quality customer service representatives
● Provided detailed monthly departmental reports and updates to senior management.
● Effectively communicated with team members to maintain clearly defined expectations.
● Resolved customer questions, issues and complaints.
● Developed, implemented and monitored programs to maximize customer satisfaction and manage on-site customer service representatives.
● Developed, trained, and provided daily, monthly, and annual reviews to a team of 10+ associates
SKILLS
Natural Leader
Conceptual Thinker
Employee Engagement
Leadership Mentoring
Conflict Resolution
Adobe Creative Suite
Microsoft Office Suite Expert
Strong Design Sense
EDUCATION
International Academy of
Design and Technology,
Sacramento B achelor of
Fine Arts Graphic Design
September 2010 - December 2013
Mesa Verde High School,
Citrus Heights CA
Diploma
September 1999 - June 2003
Carmax, R oseville, CA A ssistant Business Office Manager June 2014 - December 2015
● Performed shifts as Manager on Duty.
● Oversaw execution of daily office tasks.
● Organized weekly sales reports for the sales department to track product success.
● Responsible for development and monthly reviews of a team of associates.
● Acted as interdepartmental liaison and served as go-to resource regarding company policy and procedure. Looked for creative solutions to unique problems.
Carmax, R oseville L ead Business Office Associate September 2012 - June 2014
● Performed store opening duties, including counting cash drawers and checking all equipment for proper functioning.
● Maintained up-to-date knowledge of store policies regarding payments, returns and exchanges.
● Prevented store losses using awareness, attention to detail and integrity.
● Trained/Mentored several new employees.
● Completed finance contracts daily for customer and Lenders.
● Served as office functional expert in loan payoffs and receiving of titles.
Contact this candidate