David Molina
www.DavidMolina.cl - adczzq@r.postjobfree.com - 312-***-****
User Experience Researcher and Interaction Designer, with previous experience in industrial, graphic and web design. Master of Science in Human-Computer Interaction from DePaul University. Passionate user advocate. Amateur historian and teller of tales. All-around nice human being.
Specialist in User Centered Design with focus on Interaction Design and Information Architecture, with advanced skills sketching and prototyping.
Experience conducting Qualitative Research, Usability Testing, Competitive Analysis and Heuristic Evaluations.
Proficient with Adobe Products (Photoshop, Illustrator, InDesign), Axure, Balsamiq, Proto.io, Sketch, and Drupal CMS.
Fully bilingual, fluent in English and Spanish.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Self-employed Designer
Chicago, IL (May 2018 – present)
Design at large.
Illustration and storyboarding.
Review and evaluation of audio dialog patterns in Spanish for a digital virtual assistant.
Working on experimental designs of innovative house furniture for own business.
Product Design consulting.

Experience Design Contractor
Ahold Delhaize - Chicago, IL (Apr 2018 – Aug 2018)
Interaction design and user interface design. Working on a new loyalty program for customers.

User Experience Architect at Britannica Jun 2016 – Apr 2018
Chicago, IL
Interaction design, user research and usability. Main projects: LaunchPacks and ImageQuest.
Ideation, research, design and testing of diverse features within the Britannica K-12 educational environment. Contributed to the strategic decisions about new features and products.
Created mid-fidelity prototypes using Axure and designed micro-interactions for an enhanced experience.
Conducted competitive evaluations of several educational digital products and services.
Created scripts and conducted usability tests with target users to evaluate designs at different stages. Analyzed, summarized and presented research findings to stakeholders.

User Experience Contractor

United - Chicago, IL (Oct 2015 – Apr 2016)
Interaction design, prototyping and usability testing support. Projects: Airport kiosks, mobile app Bag Tracking.
Designed check-in processes at airport kiosks. Researched, designed, prototyped and evaluated bag tracking features for the mobile app.

DigitasLBi - Chicago, IL (May 2015 – Jul 2015)
Interaction design, competitive evaluations and prototyping. Project: Hyundai web page for members. Information architecture and re-design of a new telematic application for owners, mid-fidelity prototypes of a web application, using hand sketching and Axure.

Humana - Chicago, IL (Feb 2015 – May 2015)
Interaction design, prototyping and usability testing. Projects: Code Edits Notifications, Humana Video Gallery, and Customer Support/Help. Information architecture for new applications, mid-fidelity prototypes of responsive applications, using Axure.

User Experience Architect at Sears Holdings. Oct 2012 – Feb 2015
Chicago, IL
Interaction design, user inquiries and field research. Projects: Personal Shopper, Return in 5, Shop Your Way Merchandise Pick Up, Gift Registry, Give Together, Find It Center, Shopping Recap and others.
Conducted field interviews to store associates, in order to detect problems and needs for new applications.
Designed and proposed information architecture for new applications.
Created low and mid-fidelity prototypes of web and mobile applications using Microsoft Visio and Axure.
Wrote plans and scripts for usability tests, conducted sessions and presented research findings after studies. Created research plans for customers and associates' qualitative studies.

Self-employed Graphic and Web Designer Jun 2008 – Oct 2012
Chicago, IL
Web design with Drupal, including requirements gathering, information organization and taxonomy, UI/UX design, testing and implementation.
Graphic design, illustration and animation for printed and online marketing.
On-site digital photography and image processing for Real Estate and diverse cultural events.

Hotel Systems Analyst and Designer at Lakhani Hospitality Dec 2009 – Feb 2011
Chicago, IL
Graphic and web designer, information systems, web content and media administrator.
Administered content and updated UI and graphic elements on six different websites (hiohare.com, hiskokie.com, hioakbrook.com, skokieconference.com, and others).
Managed Google products such as Analytics, Webmaster Tools, Google Places and Alerts, in order to create accurate reports and optimize search engines presence.
Gathered stakeholders’ requirements, organized content, created IA and supervised the design and implementation of new websites.

EDUCATION

DePaul University (2011-2013) – Master of Science in Human-Computer Interaction.
Pontificia Universidad Católica, Santiago, Chile (2004) - Licentiate in Design.

ADDITIONAL SKILLS AND INTERESTS

Urban sketching and hand-drawing with mixed media. I always make sure of having my sketchbook and pens wherever I go.
Landscape and candid photography. I did photojournalism, real estate and events photography at various times.
I'm an avid reader. My most frequent subjects are world history and science fiction.
Contact this candidate