Web. Print. Branding.
Good day I’m Eleazar Salcedo, and The Hustle Empire is a online portfolio of
mine. I build identities and experiences to raise and empower brands. Creative problem solver and passionate about crafting brands. Oh And one more thing ... I love coffee.
website: thehustlempire.com
email: adl1y6@r.postjobfree.com I mobile: 091*-***-**-** ELEAZAR SALCEDO
The greatest risk in life
are the things you did not take
The Hustle Empire is a online portfolio of Eleazar Salcedo a.k.a. Tsai. I’m a Creative Director based in Manila. A Lead Graphic Designer of Yondu, and recently absorbed by Globe Telecoms last June 2018. A former Art & Creative Director of Eastgate publishing, publisher of Mabuhay Magazine, a Philippine Airlines Inflight Magazine. Although I have created the usual in that field corporate identities, web design, custom publishing — what I am really good at, and becoming best known for, is looking at the big picture of where design fits into real, modern, daily life.
I’m a cerebral designer, but also eloquent and produces exquisite work. For the past 17 years I have worked with an incredibly talented group of people at Publishing, Advertising, Animation and Telecoms.
CONTACT INFO
Rivergreen Residences, Pedro Gil St., Brgy 880, Sta Ana, Manila email: adl1y6@r.postjobfree.com I mobile: 091*-***-**** website: thehustlempire.com
PERSONAL PARTICULARS
Age: 40 I Marital Status: Single I Date Of Birth: November 17, 1980 Gender: Male I Permanent Residence: Philippines
EDUCATIONAL BACKGROUND
FIELD OF STUDY : Fine Arts, Majoring In Advestising UNIVERSITY : 2000, Philippine Womens University
SECONDARY : 1997, Philippine Christian University
PRIMARY : 1989, Paco Catholic School
AWARDS
2018 Doctor of Philosophy in Fine Arts Major in Advertising Brethren Evangelical School of Theology
Executive Oreder 330
It is a useless life that is not consecrated
to a great ideal . It is like a stone wasted on the field without becoming a part of any edifice .
Company : Globe Telecom, absorbed last 2018
YONDU (Deployed at Globe Telecoms)
Position Title : Interaction and Visual Design Expert Specialization : Creative / User Interface Designer Industry : Telecoms
Date Joined : April 20, 2013 - Present
PRESENT EMPLOYMENT
Choose a job you love, and you will
never have to work a day in your life
Formulate basic design or presentation approach, and specify material details, such as style and type, photographs & graphics. Review and approve proofs of printed copy and art and copy materials developed by staff members. Confer with creative, art, copy-writing, or production department heads to discuss client requirements and presentation concepts, and coordinate creative activities. Confer with clients to determine objectives, budget, background information, and presentation approaches, styles, and techniques. Hire, train and direct staff mem- bers who develop design concepts into art layouts or who prepare. Work with creatives to develop design solutions. Review illustrative material to determine if it conforms to standards and specifications. Attend photo shoots, Design research, fidelity testing and printing sessions to ensure that the products needed are ob- tained.
Company : Hi Sport Ltd. / Chris Sports
Position Title : ART DIRECTOR (Consultant)
Position Level : Supervisor
Specialization : Creative / Graphics Design
Industry : Publishing / Advertising
Date Joined : 2010-2011
Company : New Dawn Studios / Fil Cartoons
Position Title : Clean Up/In Betweener
Position Level : Entry
Specialization : Illustration
Industry : Animation/Film
Date Joined : 1998
Company : The Manila Times Publishing Corp.
Position Title : Sr. Graphic Layout Artist / Illustrator Position Level : Senior
Specialization : Creative / Graphics Design
Industry : Animation
Date Joined : 1999 - 2003
Company : Avantgarde / In Mall Magazine
Position Title : Creative Designer
Position Level : Senior
Specialization : Creative / Graphics Design
Industry : Publishing / Advertising
Date Joined : 2003 - 2004
Company : Evo / C! Magazine
Position : Sr. Creative Designer
Position Level : Senior
Specialization : Creative / Graphics Design
Industry : Publishing / Advertising
Date Joined : 2005 - 2007
Company : CPMI
Position Title : Art Director
Position Level : Supervisor
Specialization : Creative / Graphics Design
Industry : Publishing / Advertising
Date Joined : 2007 - 2009
Company : Summit Publishing/Black Swan
Position Title : ART DIRECTOR (Consultant)
Position Level : Supervisor
Specialization : Creative / Graphics Design
Industry : Publishing / Advertising
Date Joined : 2009 - 2010
Company : Mabuhay Magazine
Position Title : ART DIRECTOR
Position Level : Management/Supervisor
Specialization : Creative / Graphics Design
Industry : Publishing
Date Joined : 2011-2013
ORGANIZATION : onemanila.org
Position Title : Vice President/Co-Founder
Date Joined : 2008-present
One Manila will be a shining symbol
of hope for everyone to see and be
inspired. A motivating tool that will
encourage the people to never give up,
always move forward and have the will
to succeed. In this union of free men, we
will have a stronger more unified
community that will give rise in
re-establishing a once great nation,
Company : Spyder Philippines the Philippines.
Position Title : ART DIRECTOR (Consultant)
Position Level : Supervisor
Specialization : Creative / Graphics Design
Industry : Manufacturing / Advertising
Date Joined : 2010-2011
PREVIEWS EMPLOYMENTS ORGANIZATION
Contact this candidate