SUMMARY
. Motivated and energetic IT/Support professional, whose expertise includes Windows operating systems, server-based applications, networking and security.
. Adept at instituting procedures that save time, reduce costs and eliminate redundancies.
. Possess strong analytical and troubleshooting skills.
. Able to communicate with a diverse population, dynamic working independently or as part of a team.
. Detailed and results oriented in deadline-driven environments, client focused.

EDUCATION AND CREDENTIALS
. CompTIA A+ Certification, 2011
. Bachelor of Science degree in Computer Information Systems, DeVry University, 2003

TECHNICAL PROFICIENCIES
. Operating Systems: Windows 9x/Me/NT/2000/2003/XP/Vista/7/8, Server 2000/2003/2008
. Applications: Microsoft Office Suite 2003/2007/2010, VMware (vSphere Client and Player), Remote Desktop Connection, Medical Billing/EMR software (Fusion RIS and Elligence), DICOM Viewers (Merge eFilm, ClearCanvas Workstation and ImageServer, OnePacs PACS)
. Programming Languages: Visual Basic, COBOL and SQL

EMPLOYMENT
IT Support
[May 2008 - Present] NeuroSkeletal Imaging, Melbourne, FL
. Provide on-site and remote desktop support to over 100 associates and clients.
. Install, upgrade and configure Windows OS on desktop, mobile and server systems.
. Perform Windows updates and deploy service packs on desktop, mobile and server systems.
. Perform system backup and recovery on desktop systems.
. Assist in monitoring the network infrastructure.
. Diagnose, troubleshoot and resolve issues related to network connectivity.
. Assign static IP addresses to critical network devices.
. Use Command Prompt as a networking tool to determine TCP/IP network configuration values, host connections and response times and troubleshoot NetBIOS name resolution problems.
. Install wireless routers, wireless extenders and network switches.
. Install, upgrade and troubleshoot peripheral devices including medical equipment (digitizers, dictation voice microphones, transcriptionist foot pedals).
. Install, upgrade and configure anti-virus software (MS Security Essentials, Webroot, McAfee, Panda, Blink, AVG and Avast).
. Created new domain controller, configured DNS and added an existing Active Directory.
. Create and modify domain user accounts using Active Directory.
. Set file and folder permissions locally or using Group Policy.
. Setup or configure email accounts for MS Outlook using MS Exchange Server.
. Assist in overseeing the physical security of the servers.
. Setup and configure user remote access using 2X access portal.
. Configure client-side VPN connections.
. Train clients on how to use web portal to view patient records.
. Develop general and detailed documentation of uncommon problems and fixes.
. Research and contact vendors for hardware and software purchases and product service and support.
. Coordinated website development project.

Scheduling Specialist
[November 2006 - May 2008] NeuroSkeletal Imaging, Merritt Island, FL
[May 2006 - September 2006] NeuroSkeletal Imaging, Melbourne, FL
. Gathered patients' medical history, collected insurance information and scheduled appointments.
. Maintained confidentiality of patients' personal and financial information.
. Greeted and checked in patients and regulated inbound/outbound calls.
. Printed and faxed completed reports to patients and referring doctors.

Lead Payroll Specialist
[May 2004 - April 2006] Appliance Direct Inc., Melbourne, FL
. Prepared and oversaw payroll for 500+ associates at over 30 locations.
. Created and implemented procedures insuring the accuracy of payroll.
. Updated payroll system with new hires, rehires, terminations, transfers, etc.

Assistant Pricing Coordinator
[February 2002 - December 2003] Cub Foods, Naperville, IL
. Analyzed and corrected pricing variations by running data integrity checks.
. Performed periodic competition reviews and reported findings to corporate.
. Assisted in the development of marketing strategies.
Contact this candidate