**** ***** *** ****, **** BURNIE

SEKOU J. HAYES
MD 21061
abhvc3@r.postjobfree.com
443-***-****

OBJECTIVE
Software Skills
Seeking a Senior level Information Technology position where my skills in Computer Repair,
Desktop Virtualization, Network Security and Customer Service can be fully utilized. Adobe Acrobat
Adobe Flash
Corel Suite
EDUCATION
MS Office Suite
Windows 7
Marketing/Advertising Undergraduate August 1995 – June 1997 Windows 8
Morgan State University, Baltimore MD
Windows Server
*Studies focused in creating and executing business plans, identifying and catering to target
2003, 2008
markets, market research, fair trade, sales and business practices.
MS Exchange
Active Directory
Computer Science August 1997 – December 1998
Howard Community College, Columbia, MD Forescout IDS
*Continued education in core courses in pursuit of a B.S in Computer Science
Lotus Notes
Hardware/Software repair and configuration Domino Server
August 1999 – August 2000
New Horizons Computer Learning Center, Woodlawn, MD
Symantec
*Studied and completed CompTia certifications A+ and Network +
Trend Micro
EXPERIENCE
Google Apps
IT Systems Support Specialist/IT Consultant November 2013 –
Present Certifications
Vision Technology Services

Provide Tier 3 technical support to all T. Rowe Price employees and external consultants,
A+, Network +,
shareholders and retirement plan participants. Troubleshoot, repair, or further escalate all issues Security +
accordingly. Responsible for accurate diagnosis of issues with all employee hardware and software
applications, databases and user interfaces. Remote assistance and installation of T. Rowe Price
associate computer applications. Provide support for Citrix virtual environment as well as a physical
Windows and Macintosh computer environment. Configuration, installation and technical support of
Certified Ethical
peripheral and personal associate technologies such as: iPhone and Blackberry handheld devices as
Hacker
well as iPads, laptops, encrypted drives, Network Printers, scanners and fax machines. Hardware
and Software Order Processing and installation. Documentation of all technical activities and client
interactions into central ticketing system. Analyze system and application data logs for anomalies or
inconsistencies within client and associate databases, to proactively identify system issues and
XenDesktop 5
network wide events. Report and escalate all data inconsistencies to proper management and
compliance personnel for review and resolution.
Systems Support Supervisor/ Contract Lead March 2011 – Aug 2013
Aqiwo Inc.

Provide Tier 3 technical support and crisis management to all 14 national locations of the U.S.
Department of Interior, Office of the Solicitor and associated Disaster Recovery Sites. Interview,
hire, train, supervise and manage all contracted technicians. Create and deploy network baseline
computer image(s) in accordance with NIST and FDCC guidelines. Perform escalated computer
hardware and software repair and troubleshooting as well as Citrix virtual environment maintenance.
Set up and maintain proper network load balancing for Citrix Virtual Environment to avoid
connection speed problems. Repair and maintain onsite and remotely located file/print servers as
well as web servers. Serve as liaison between contractor staff and Federal Government COTR.
Creation of employee and contractor interactive training using Adobe Captivate. Creation and
modification of Standard Operating Procedures(SOP’s) and maintenance of a searchable IT
technician knowledge base. Creation of employee schedules and approval of vacation times and
weekly timesheets. Provide weekly metrics reports of employee productivity to the Department of
Interior’s Division of Administration Management Team as well as make recommendations to
improve employee productiveness.

I/T Security Specialist September 2010 – March 2011
Aqiwo Inc.

Provide IT Security support to all 14 national locations of the U.S. Department of Interior, Office of
the Solicitor and associated Disaster Recovery Sites. Configured server hardware and routing
infrastructure of Disaster Recovery Sites. Monitored all network security utilities and applications
for outages, anomalies, phishing attempts, out of date antivirus definitions and possible network
hacking attempts. Weekly Network Penetration Testing using both wireless and physical utilities to
assist with network hardening solutions. Updated servers, IDS and client computers with latest
firewall and antivirus definitions in accordance with NIST and FDCC policies. Perform all functions
of NAC Policy control, Group Policy Remediation and Active Directory maintenance. Repair and
maintenance of all peripheral network resources such as network printers and scanners. Monitor
network email traffic for personally identifiable information and quarantine emails when necessary.
Monitor web traffic for inappropriate site surfing and report improper computer usage to the Network
Security Manager and the BCISO daily.

Lead Technician, I/T Specialist April 2008 – September 2010
Dynanet Inc/Aqiwo Inc.

Performed desktop computer, software and server support to all 14 national locations of the U.S.
Department of Interior, Office of the Solicitor and associated Disaster Recovery Sites. Managed and
trained federally contracted staff in high volume call center environment. Documented all calls,
issues and solutions into a central tracking system called Footprints. Assisted with critical system
outages, software upgrades, and migration planning. Coordinated and completed Lotus Notes to
Microsoft Outlook Exchange (Email) migration as well as Citrix Desktop Virtualization rollout and
maintenance. Train Federal and Contract employees on use of new technologies previous to
deployment. Create and update standard interactive department training tools using Adobe
Captivate, Microsoft Powerpoint and Microsoft Sharepoint. Responsible for all new-hire onboarding,
contractor training and contract staff SLA compliance.

Installation Technician March 2005 – April 2008
LP Media Inc.
Installing, setting up and providing warranty services for Dell home computer products and Sony
Home Theater products in accordance with contract with Best Buy Inc. Setup and configure home
{wireless and physical} networks as well as enabled all wireless network security. Complete up to
5GB of file migration from old to new PC equipment. Provide in-home Windows computer training
for all customers. Installed Home Theater equipment in private homes. Perform site surveys prior to
installing equipment and recommend best products to fit customer budget. Sales of High Definition
audio and video equipment.

References available upon request
Contact this candidate