Anthony M Samora
**** ****** *** *****, ********* Texas 75314
469-***-****, ac00t3@r.postjobfree.com

PROFILE: I am a confident, self-motivated, and hardworking individual. I have experience working in Customer Service, in an inbound call center, and in face to face interactions. I am knowledgeable and highly proficient in all computer programs. I am an ambitious, team oriented person, and will strive to make your company more successful than it already is.
SKILLS:
●Highly skilled in hardware troubleshooting
●High level of knowledge with Windows 10, Windows 7, Vista, XP, ME, 98, as well as MS DOS
●Command Line Scripting through MS Dos, Ubuntu, as well as PowerShell.
●Broad Networking knowledge from running and establishing a new Local Area Network, to extending the Wireless network with Various Access Points to ensure that there is proper handoff between the various access points.
●Knowledge and proficiency of MS Office Suite products: MS Word 2013, 2010, MS Outlook Exchange 2013, 2010, MS PowerPoint 2013, 2010,
●Knowledge of various Internet Browsers Security Settings, Mozilla Firefox, Microsoft Internet Explorer 11, Microsoft Edge, Opera, Google Chrome
●Assisted users in the configuration of MS Outlook with the Imap and Pop3 email servers they wished to sync up with outlook.
●Assisted users in the initial` setup, as well as technical support for Office 365, if the users decided they wanted to subscribe to that service.
●Knowledge of Android and Apple OS for both Tablets as well as Cellular Devices.
●Software troubleshooting, not limited to Virus cleanup, to installing and setting up software and also firewall exclusions through port management.
●85 WPM typing speed.
●Quick learner.
●Self-starter.
●Great Phone Presence
Lead IT Support Specialist Phil Meador Auto Group: July 2012 - Feb 2017 -- Phone #: 208-***-****
●Tier 1 and Tier 2 localized desktop support and network management
●Installation of new network printers on the network/printer troubleshooting,
●Virus, Malware, and Spyware cleaning.
●Migration of desktop workstations to Windows 10
●Hardware troubleshooting and general hardware replacement for fixing of dead hardware to upgrading the workstations for needs of the user.
●Network Mapping to ensure that we had up to date records of the Static IP list for the entirety of the 300 workstations.
●Assisted in the transfer from analog phones to all digital VOIP.
●Assisted in the Migration from traditional ADSL services to the new Fiber Optic lines that we had brought in.
●Helped the users with Android and Apple OS phone troubleshooting, as well as syncing the devices up with the company mail server.
●Assisted users in the configuration of MS Outlook with Imap settings to different mail servers they wished to sync up with outlook.
●Assisted users in the initial` setup, as well as technical support for Office 365, if the users decided they wanted to subscribe to that service.
●Assisted users with Tablet support, supported both Android and Apple OS tablets.
●Assisted with the Migration to new software used for our Service Department, installed and pushed software and windows updates to 300 PC’s
●Handled outbound follow-up calls for recent showroom visits, internet leads, phone leads, referrals, and contacted past customers to assist with service needs.
●Set sales appointments for potential customers to come into the dealership to buy new or pre-owned vehicles.
●Handled inbound sales and service calls to the Toyota, Ford, and Subaru Dealerships assisting customers by answering their questions, and trying to drive them into the dealership to assist with their issues.
●Exceeded the monthly standards and goals set by higher management.
●Handled inbound service calls, and managed the service schedules.
●Evaluated past customer data to attempt to reactivate customers’ accounts.
●Assisted in the Hiring and training process of future BDR’s.
●Was sent to Huntersville, NC for specialty BDR Training hosted by Proactive Dealer Solutions.
Taxi Cab Driver/Manager: Sam's Taxi Cab: December 2012 - July 2013
●Manager: Collected shift fees from the drivers, and managed a 24 hour a day schedule.
●Responsible for assisting in gathering business contracts, and marketing for the company.
●Trained and managed nine drivers, establishing their shift schedules.
●Driver: Took shifts when necessary to make sure service was available constantly in the Pocatello community and surrounding areas
Taxi Cab Driver/Manager: Pocatello Yellow Cab: Aug 2010 - November 2012 -- Phone #: 208-***-****
●Manager: Collected shift fees from the drivers, and managed a 24 hour a day schedule..
●Responsible for assisting in gathering business contracts, and marketing for the company.
●Trained and managed eighteen drivers, establishing their shift schedules.
●Driver: Took shifts when necessary to make sure service was available constantly in the Pocatello community and surrounding areas.
Customer Service Representative: Teleperformance USA, March 2009 - November 2009
●Took inbound calls for Sprint business premier care.
●Met all metrics outlined, handle time, sales goals, issue resolution, and tool usage.
●Singled out to assist managers within a call center of 235 people.
Senior RHA: Belmont Management February 2008 - February 2009
● Care provider to developmentally disabled adults.
●Assisted management with schedules for the aids.
●Planned client activities, including fun days at the pool and the park.
●Certified in various certifications required for the job, including first aid and dispensing medicines.
●Worked 80-90 hours a week and was relied upon to cover schedules when others could not come in.
Dispatcher: Crew Shuttle Services August 2007 - January 2008
●Dispatched shuttles for train crews on the Union Pacific and BNSF rail lines.
●Organized drivers to arrive on time sensitive jobs.
●Ensured drivers’ trip and mileage was recorded accurately.
United States Army: November 2006 - August 2007
●Military Intelligence team.
●Received a medical discharge due to injury after a year.
Customer Service Representative: Convergys December 2005 - May 2006
●DirecTV inbound customer service representative.
●Successfully reached business metrics of average handle time and sales.

EDUCATION: Pocatello High School, Pocatello, ID August 2001 - June 2005
●High school diploma with 3.2 GPA
●Involved in football, wrestling, drama, and band.
●Earned A+ computer certification and took several computer courses.

REFERENCES:
Available on request.
Contact this candidate