William S. Dixon

Technical Summary:

With over 15 years in IT, I am conditioned to working in a fast paced,changing environment.

Within my roles as the only on site IT coordinator, I have assisted with compliance auditing, as well as being the interface with business partners and vendors.

I possess a wide understanding of Windows based apps, the ability to diagnose application software and hardware problems.
My range of abilities include recognizing priority issues and escalating them accordingly.
My interpersonal skills help me translate technical terms into non-technical language with a high touch approach for the less IT savvy clients.
My background experiences have given me a broad working knowledge of Network Connectivity & Proxy Configurations and
Hardware issue root cause identification.
I have sufficient knowledge of IT operations, responsibilities, workflow processes as well as procedures to resolve many inquires independently.
Also excellent analytical and communication skills along with sound judgement honed over my career allow me to work effectively with any clients and across all Business and Systems Division staffs.

Technologies:

* Active Directory administration
* Windows Server 2008 Administration
* Windows Security 2003 Server,
* Multi-platforms-os' and nos’-
* Remote access, RAS, DUN, ICA, NetOP, PCAnywhere,
* Powerchute, Arcserve.
* Networking topologies - TCP/IP, DHCP, IPX/SPX, DNS, VPN, WINS, FTP, PPP,
PPTP. Protocol suites. Jet Direct Printer configuration.
* Network Hardware - Routers, Hubs, Switches, Firewalls (Cisco, 3COM, Linksys, HP)
* Administration - MS Office Suites, Back-office suites, Netware and WinNT
* Exchange 5.5 -2007Implementation, Design and Administration
* Rip, OSPF router configuration.
* Database administration. Access, Winsearch, Track-it, Altiris
* Backup Exec
* VMware –ESX and Vcenter 4.0 administration
* ODBC configuration and resolution for Sql server
* Citrix Server and Client configuration and support.
* Citrix Administration –XenApp Platinum Edition 4.5
* Wyse Rapport Administration
* Cisco VPN
* FileMaker Pro
* Empower
* DataStream
* Trialworks
* Hyperion
* Medibrowser
Work Experience
IT Consultant/Service Delivery Specialist
Xylem Inc. Flow Control 9/2011-2/2016

Support every day needs for local site, remote support for various offices in 12,000 user company
Level 2 Technical Support – Support technician responsible for installation and troubleshooting primarily desktops, laptops, printers, plotters, telecom devices (cell phones, blackberries) at direct client's location MA.
Other responsibilities may include support and setup for video conferences, and support for Data Center equipment (server, network, and infrastructure).

Responsible for local coordination, installation and on-going support for Windows 7 desktops, laptops, printers and plotters.
Responsible for maintaining a standard image provided by the Corporate office on user laptops, desktops and peripheral devices which may include PDA’s, Blackberry and other handheld devices.
Setup and configure desktop and laptop equipment) with Windows 7 .
Responsible for receiving hardware, asset tracking (hardware and software), hardware disposal.
Requires frequent interface with the user community. Excellent customer service skills
Strong Communication skills and troubleshooting capabilities
Strong knowledge of Microsoft Office applications (Excel,Word) and Windows 2010 Professional.
Knowledge of TCP/IP, DNS, WINS, DHCP and Microsoft SMS.
Windows Active Directory and Microsoft’s Application Compatibility Toolkit.

System Administrator First Boston Pharma 6/08 to 6/11

Company does contract manufacturing of solid dose, liquid and soft chews pharmaceuticals, nutraceuticals and supplements.
Hands-on role with a fast-paced manufacturing environment. Manages IT functionality across the organization (operations and business), including applications, systems security, software/hardware, ERP, user support, data, voice, etc. Managing everyday activity and fiscal IT budget. Partners with department leaders to build and implement IT strategies and processes that drive company results. Results-oriented manager with the technical and business horsepower to support dynamic organization.
Experience in multi-site manufacturing environments, strength in systems and networks, project management skills, demonstrated people development.

Completed migration from ADP payroll system to Paychex (Kronos)
Including replacing all hardware ( time clocks /door access gateways) resulting in yearly savings of 56%
Duties include overseeing all aspects of IT,

Citrix Farm (Presentation server) using published applications
Exchange 2007 administration
Cisco Call Manager and Unity administration
Programming Cisco Voip phones
Database (Progress/Symix ) administration and maintenance
Backup Exec 11d
AIX server (for RF scanning integration to our ERP)
ESX VmWare administration
Document procedures for operational management.
AP Secure Check printing software
Paper Vision viewer document administration
MS XP and MS Office 2003 administration
Negotiated SLA with out sourced vendor for a yearly savings of 66k/year.
Role included negotiating contracting with all IT related vendors, carriers etc.
Overseeing ERP needs, maintenance of software contracts all licensing i.e Microsoft
Yearly subscriptions for technology applications

IT Support Manager Maxiom Consulting Group. Waltham MA 7/07 to 1/08

Implemented,Administered,Maintained,Sharepoint(MOSS2007),VMware(ESX),MS Exchange(2003), Windows 2003 Servers, Active Directory
Setup HP MSL Tape Library, Backup Exec 11D,2003 Servers.
Installed, updated anti-virus for servers and desktops.
Cisco Call Manager/Unity Administration
Installed, Administered BES (blackberry enterprise server)
Upgraded MS office to 2007
Worked with vendors on analyzing, instituting best practices for all network equipment.
Provided desktop application support, remote assistance to client

Senior Desktop Engineer Shire Pharmaceuticals Cambridge MA 9/04 to 6/07

First and second level support 550 end user,2003 Server Win2k XP environment.
Multiple third party scientific software
Windows Server 2003 Administration
LIMS Citrix rollout
. MS 2003 Office Suite.
Provide plan and deliver training/orientation for new hires.
Account setup (Active Directory,Exchange), modification of file per
Assemble, install, and configure new computing resources, including hardware, software and applications.
Printer installation, configuration and troubleshooting.
Remote access deployment/support
Analyze user’s computing needs and recommend solutions to ensure proper computer operation so users can accomplish their business tasks
Education
Clark University 2/98
Computer Network Administration A-Plus, MCSE and CNA -Certificate
Contact this candidate