PROFILE: Experienced and dedicated IT professional with 10 years’ successful experience in Information Technology field. Proficient in hardware and software maintenance. Solid track record of providing timely positive response to requests regarding computer(Hardware,Software) related assistance. A deep understanding of the general organizational confidentiality policies associated with IT specialist position.
HIGHLIGHTS OF EXPERTISE
Adept at offering timely and highly effective technical support in software patching
Skilled in inter and intra systems collective network maintenance
Extensive knowledge of the methodology and techniques of data processing
Possess considerable knowledge of internet protocols like SMTP, DNS, HTTP, FTP and SSH
Expert in Database Designing, Implementing, Managing Access,SQL,ORACLE .
Excellent knowledge of troubleshooting computer hardware, software, and wireless network
Comprehensive knowledge of operating Windows 2003 / 2008/2012 Directory Services
In-depth knowledge of using and troubleshooting computer peripheral equipment
Expert in antivirus, firewall and anti malware software’s regulation
Expert in operational acceptance testing with new systems
Proficient in day to day maintenance of server infrastructure
Specially skilled in software related troubleshooting

TECHNICAL STRENGTHS

Networking WAN,LAN planning, implementation, Setup, configuration. Troubleshooting .
Networking supporting devices,Routers,Switches, Data center services installation and configuration
Windows 2008 Server,AD,DNS,DHCP,IIS,Print server,Exchange server,ISA server
Remotely run tasks assisted by VPN, Citrix system migrations
MS SQL 2003,2008, 2012 Database construction, analysis,managing, maintain.
Web Site Applications Designing and Developing By SQL database And ADO.NET ASP.NET with C#
Microsoft Office: Word, Excel, Access,PowerPoint, SharePoint, Microsoft office 365
Planning and Financial Program : Primavera,MS Project, GIS .

ACADEMIC SUMMARY
Bachelor’s degree in Engineering (2003)
Specialization: Computer and Software engineering
College of Engineering, Baghdad University, Baghdad

Fellowship certification,(2015)
Specialization: E-Government Management system
GBHRD University,Korea

Taken Courses / Workshops:
Projects Management with Ms project,AFGE -European organization, Kurdistan Iraq( 2010) .
Implementing and Administrating Microsoft SQL server 2003# 2072, New Horizon,EGYPT (2006).
Managing MS Windows Server 2003 MS.certificate # 2274, New Horizon,EGYPT( 2006).
Maintaining MS Windows Server 2003 MS.certificate # 2275, New Horizon, EGYPT( 2006).
Networking Setup and Troubleshooting MS Windows Server 2003,New Horizon, EGYPT (2006).

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
- Organization: Qatar Red Crescent,KRG IRAQ
Duration: May 2016 – May 2017
Designation: IT Coordinator
Assist technical support staff in managing tickets to meet helpdesk service level agreement.
Assist project team in planning and implementation of special projects.
Respond to client requests in timely and accurate manner.
Perform root cause analysis of complex system problems and provide corrective actions.
Develop performance and systems models, graphs, charts and specifications to systems staff
Ensure all staffs follow established standards and guidelines.
Analyze metrics to evaluate IT system performance and recommend improvements.
Develop vendor invoices, financial reports and monthly accruals.
Prepare memos, spreadsheets, and presentations for customers and managements.
Analyze resource utilization, timesheet, and financial data for assigned project.
Prioritize incoming mails and reply to non technical inquiries.
Prepare presentations and agendas for business meetings and discussions.
Provide administrative support and maintain in-depth knowledge of company policies and procedures.
Coordinate international and domestic calls and prepare itineraries for the visitors.
Provide technical support or training for systems and networks
Monitor system and network performance

- Organization: Ministry of Environment, IRAQ
Duration: Aug 2009 – May 2015
Designation: IT Specialist .
Provide first-level support to customer service requests.
Install, configure and maintain computer hardware, software, operating systems and application .
Assist in development and enhancement of IT systems.
Administered DNS, DHCP, Configured Group Policy Objects to create a secure Windows Infrastructure.
Provided third level help desk support for problems relating to Active Directory.
Created user ID's, roles, groups OU's etc.
troubleshooting system, network problems, diagnosing and solving hardware or software faults
Analyze system issues and provide resolutions.
Remotely reach to user for project or fix issue with VPN, Team viewer .
Escalate complex support requests to relevant IT staffs for resolutions.
Understand support problems, analyze problem data and determine appropriate solutions.
Maintain problem documentations and their resolution procedures for reference procedures.
Plan and complete daily assigned tasks within deadlines.
Report system downtime and performance issues to Manager.
Conduct IT related trainings to new hires, users and technical teams as needed.
following diagrams and written instructions to repair a fault or set up a system.

- Organization: TolTest INC(LTCCORP) Company,Baghdad, Iraq
Duration: Feb 2007 – May 2010
Designation: IT Specialist
Networking, design, installation and maintenance services,maintain network infrastructure
Supporting users and network administrators over the telephone and by email
Configuration and testing of any new hardware and software
Installing and operating Windows desktop and server operating systems, management of the daily data
backup and retrieval scheme, Travelling to client sites to help with installs, deployment
Ensure computer hardware is safe & complies with health and safety legislation.
TCP/IP networking and hardware maintenance and repair
Strengthening the IT infrastructure through to implementing new technologies.

- Organization: SEMINIS Company,Baghdad, Iraq
Duration: Feb 2004 – May 2007
Designation: Desktop Support Engineer
Installed, upgraded, and verified hardware and software applications.
Diagnosis of desktop, application, networking and infrastructure issues
Managed laptops, desktops, and printers companywide
Assisted end-users in using new and existing technology, provided coaching and one-on-one training.
Authored second-line support team manuals and maintained support standard operating procedures.
Responsible for supporting: Windows XP/Vista/ Office 2003 and,Windows Server, Small Business Server 2003,
Active Directory management Exchange 2003, Backup products, Anti-Virus products, DNS/DHCP, TCP/IP, Ethernet, wireless router and Firewall Configurations.
Contact this candidate