Stanley Amos
Address: *** * ******* **** ***** Mesa, AZ 85210
Cell: 480-***-****
ac1dwf@r.postjobfree.com
Objective
My objective is to leverage my experience while continuing to be challenged. I have 17 years of experience working in the IT industry. My diverse background in this field represents a unique combination of disciplines, such as managing a Helpdesk, training users on new software, resolving network issues, and my personal favorite of helping people with computer problems. Personally, I have the drive and determination to consistently achieve success as a leader in all of the organizations that I have worked with in the past.
Experience
Jan. 9, 2017–June 20, 2017
L3 Help Desk, Inventory Management
HUBIO, Formally EVOGI (Scottsdale, AZ)
Provide L3 support for OBD devices used by Insurance Companies, such as: American Family, Metlife, Mapfre.
NetSuite/Carrier Center utilized for Ticket System and Inventory Control. Track issues with Trips/Devices using PULS and MyDriveAdvisor. Communicate directly with clients weekly regarding Open Cases and Issues. Create User Stories and Defects to initiate new procedure or resolve issues with systems. Pull and Process email queues using Putty and WinSCP. Upload new enrollments/transactions using SFTP.
Reconcile inventory between Carrier Center and the TPL (Third Party Logistics). Aug. 15, 2016 to Jan. 6, 2017
Service Desk Specialist
Western Refining via Enterprise Network Solutions (180 day Contract) Provide local and remote support to employees of Western Refining via phone and remote access.
Used Bomgar for remote sessions, KACE for software and computer management, HEAT ticketing system for Incidents and Service Requests.
Resolved issues for Java, Citrix, Oracle-EBS, ADP (Accounting), Office 2013 and Exchange (on premise), printing, Indx, and other software related to refineries. Resolved issued with MS Office and eDocs.
Created new User accounts in Exchange and Active Directory. Added Users to File Shares, reset account passwords, extended contractor dates. Setup Lync accounts in Exchange. Setup new computers in AD, moderate usage in creating OU Groups and setting Permissions. Setup new User laptops and desktops via network imaging. Utilized SCCM for software packages. Introduction to VMWare, light usage and am ready to continue to learn more. July 21, 2016– Aug. 12, 2016
L1 Help Desk, Remote Only
Insight (Tempe, AZ)
Provide L1 support for BIOGEN. Answer phones, perform remote assistance via RPD. Solve issue if possible, otherwise forward issue to proper queue. Sept. 28, 2015– June 22, 2016
L3 Help Desk, Inventory Management
HUBIO, Formally EVOGI (Scottsdale, AZ)
Provide L3 support for OBD devices used by Insurance Companies, such as: American Family, Metlife, Mapfre.
NetSuite/Carrier Center utilized for Ticket System and Inventory Control. Track issues with Trips/Devices using PULS and MyDriveAdvisor. Communicate directly with clients weekly regarding Open Cases and Issues. Create User Stories and Defects to initiate new procedure or resolve issues with systems. Pull and Process email queues using Putty and WinSCP. Upload new enrollments/transactions using SFTP.
Reconcile inventory between Carrier Center and the TPL (Third Party Logistics). April 2015 – Aug. 28, 2015
Systems Support Specialist (4 Month Contract)
Adecco/American AVC (Scottsdale, AZ)
Assisted the CIO with maintaining operations while preparing for acquisition by PSAV. Managed Active Directory User Accounts for American AV globally. Resolved Tickets in Help Desk submitted by Users.
Repaired/re-imaged Desktops/Laptops as needed.
Managed Office 365 Exchange User accounts for American AV. Managed Xink Signature software.
Managed IT Assets via R2 Rental software.
Coordinated with PSAV the migration of Exchange email to Office 365 Exchange. 2009 – April 2015
IT Technician
Independent IT Contractor - Wilmington, NC
Provided hardware and software support for various businesses in and around Wilmington Provided on-site services such as network support, printer installations, e-mail configuration, and network cable wiring
Removed viruses, Spyware, Ad-ware, and Trojans from workstations and laptops Configured Smartphones to sync with network systems and email providers Performed data recovery on failed hard drives
Provide support for Windows 2000, XP, Vista, Windows 7, Windows 8, Server 2003, 2008, and Server 2012 operating systems
Setup Windows Servers, including Active Directory, DNS, DHCP, Remote Access LAN/WAN experience - worked from the D-Mark in. Installed caballing, setup switches, routers, modems for company connectivity to servers, printers, VPN, and remote access. Troubleshot issues with connectivity, file transfer, loss of connection, and security.
2008 – 2009
Senior Technician
Intelligent Computer Solutions of NC - Wilmington, NC Provided hardware and software support for various businesses in and around Wilmington Rebuilt recycled workstations and laptops for resale Provided on-site services such as network support, printer installations, e-mail configuration, and network cable wiring
Removed viruses, Spyware, Ad-ware, and Trojans from workstations and laptops Configured Smartphones to sync with network systems Performed data recovery on failed hard drives
Provided support for Windows 2000, XP, Vista, Server 2003 operating systems 2008 – 2008
Kelly IT Services, PPD, Inc. - Wilmington, NC
Imaged new Lenovo T61 laptops with the PPD ghost image, scheduled with Users a time to pick up their HP 6000 laptops to transfer data on the local hard-drive to the new laptop.
Installed required software programs per Users department. Delivered new flat panel monitors to Users which had CRT monitors. 2007 – 2008
Premiere Staffing Solutions, Cemex, Inc. - Wilmington, NC Stacked 75-95 lbs.
Bags of cement on pallets, unloaded cement from rail cars, operated a fork lift and a track mobile.
January 2000 – May 2007
University of Florida - Gainesville, Florida
Help Desk Support
College of Design
Provide hardware and software support for Faculty and Staff Maintain and support a 20 seat student classroom
Created and maintained a hardware database for all computer equipment and Users Maintained all licensed software programs
Maintained Users and Computers in Active Directory Provided network support for workstations and printers Assistant Manager of Operating Systems and Applications College Law
Manage Operating Systems and Applications using Novell ZENworks/NWADMIN Develop Software Application Objects for distribution to the Law School Maintain Operating System and Application Updates
Provide one to one training/small groups for employees in software applications 2nd tier phone support for Computing Services
Create and present training material for Faculty and Staff Assist Technicians, as needed, in hardware/software problems Microsoft Office User Specialist - Trainer
Office of Instructional Resources
Provide instructional training to University faculty and staff Instructor for the Microsoft Office Suite of Applications, including Word, Excel, PowerPoint, and Access
Develop course materials for training programs
Assist in development of MS Access database for Laptop program 1991 – 1997
Nursing Assistant/technician
Veterans Administration Medical Center
Provided direct patient care to veterans
Assisted nursing staff with meeting objectives in patient care Acted as a patient advocate and support person for patient's families 1988 – 1990
Sales Manager
Southern Life and Health Insurance Company
Hired and trained new sales associates
Supervised 8 sales associates in the Jacksonville district Implemented a training program for new associates
1983 – 1987
Aviation Electronics Technician
United States Marine Corps
Troubleshot/repaired/replaced electrical components on the AV-8 Harrier Appointed as a Collateral Duty Inspector as an E-4 Received 3 meritorious promotions during 4 years of service Certifications & Licenses
Microsoft Office User Specialist
Nursing Assistant
EDUCATION
January 1999
Santa Fe Community College
Associate of Science in Computer Information Systems Analysis Gainesville, Florida
Contact this candidate