Franklin Imadojemu
587-***-****
ac4bkt@r.postjobfree.com

Summary A Solutions-driven, Customer-focused IT Specialist with abilities in Desktop and Network Support, Combining Strong Customer Service and Technical Ability to Consistently exceed Service Level.
Professional Development and Certifications
•Cisco Certified Network Professional – Voice (CCNP-V)
•Cisco IOS Security Specialist - (CIOSSS)
•Cisco Certified Network Associate -Security -(CCNA-S)
•Information Technology Infrastructure Library Foundation Certificate in IT Service Management -(ITIL Foundation V2011)
•Certified Voice Over IP(VOIP) Expert - (Mitel)
•Mx-One Telephony Switch Installation and Maintenance(Tech Mitel)
Work History IT Support Specialist (Contract) 2017 – Date
Graham Construction and Engineering Limited, Calgary.
Graham is a North America Construction and Engineering Company with branches in 13 locations, over 1,300 employees and annual revenue of $2billion. www.grahambuilds.com
First line Desktop support and troubleshooting
Windows 7 and 10 Troubleshooting and Support
Microsoft Office 365 Support
Active Directory and Microsoft Exchange
Skype for Business(Lync) troubleshooting and support
Microsoft System Center Configuration Manager (SCCM)
Troubleshoot and resolve network connectivity issues
File and Folder access control using security groups
Mobile devices support and troubleshooting.
SAP account creation, update and password Reset
Software deployment and access provisioning
Escalate issues to appropriate teams
SharePoint access control and support
PrinterLogic configuration, administration and support
Log, track and update incidents (using ServiceNow) to ensure they are resolved within service level.
Senior IT Systems Analyst 2011-2016
Dimension Data Limited, Nigeria. (Onsite IT Support Staff to Nigeria Liquefied Natural Gas Limited).
Dimension Data is a global information technology services firm, with several subsidiaries. It has over 30,000 staff, over 6,000 clients and operates in 58 countries in all major industries. Dimension Data’s has an annual revenue of about $7.5 billion www.dimensiondata.com
Nigeria LNG Limited is a producer and exporter of Liquefied Natural Gas (LNG) and Natural Gas Liquids (NGL). It has over 5,000 employees and Contractors in its operations with an annual revenue of about $10 billion. www.nigerialng.com
Supported and Maintained Enterprise Voice and Data network infrastructure
Supported Datacenter operations including Servers, Switches, Routers and Radios
Installed, Integrated and Supported computer-based systems such as Voicemail, Auto attendant, Call Hunting, etc.
Supported and Maintained enterprise IT Cable Infrastructure (LAN, WAN) and peripheral devices
Monitored and updated day-to-day status of incidents/requests and generated service reports.
Logged incidents on incident tracking system (Remedy 8) and ensured they were updated, resolved and closed out within service level agreement(SLA)
Collected and documented users’ requirements and developed system specifications to meet such requirements.
Troubleshooted and supported company approved mobile devices (Blackberry, Android and Apple)
Evaluated and recommended products for purchase
Received customer inquiries which have been escalated from front-line customer support to technical support
Good understanding of network concepts and protocols such as TCP/IP, DNS, DHCP, routing, switching, and firewalls
Supported and Maintained Datacenter Windows Server OS 2003 - 2012
Supervised team and operational activities to ensure high quality service delivery
Managed 10 different PBXs scattered across multiple geographical locations.
Carried out periodic preventive maintenance, Back up and disaster recovery activities.
Accomplishment:
Investigated and resolved over 25 incidents and requests daily
Relocated, set up and Integrated Nigeria LNG Limited’s Head Office Network.
Customer did not reopen 94% of closed tickets.
Upgraded NLNG’s Voice network infrastructure from Legacy to IP (VOIP).
IT Support Analyst 2009-2011
Dimension Data Limited, Nigeria.
Resolved technical issues quickly and effectively exceeding 96% service target.
Developed and provided new user instruction guide for new users
Provided excellent customer support and feedback by keeping customers informed on incident progress and impending changes.
Provided user support for Windows Desktops, Laptops, productivity tools and peripheral devices.
Deployed software/application using Microsoft System Center Configuration Manager (SCCM)
Provided physical and remote support to users via telephone, email and remote desktops.
Supported and Troubleshooted Remote network access(VPN)
Managed Inventory for all spares related to Equipment and Devices
Supported the operation and maintenance of call center telephony equipment and applications
Provided support during the Installation and Implementation of computer and telecommunications hardware
Tracked and monitored open problems to ensure service level standards were met quickly and effectively
Accomplishment:
Resolved a lingering problem in NLNG’s network that led to 5-year retainer contract for my employer worth over $3 million.
Consistently exceeded service target of 96%.
Received most outstanding team of the year award
Ensured 99% availability of Private Automatic Branch Exchanges (PBX)
Education B.Eng. (Hons.) Electrical/Electronic Engineering
Ambrose Alli University, Ekpoma, Nigeria. 2001 - 2005
Diploma in Data Processing and Statistics,
Ambrose Alli University, Ekpoma, Nigeria. 1998 – 2000
Voluntary Volunteer 2016- Date
Work Community Kitchen Program of Calgary
Development Awareness Facilitator, 2006-2007
United Nations' Millennium Development Goals Awareness Campaign Enugu, Nigeria.
•Educated the community about the Millennium Development Goals (MDGs).
•Facilitated seminars and workshops to create community awareness about the MDGs and its effects.
•Facilitated seminars and workshops to create community awareness about the MDGs and its effects.
•Organized 3 awareness campaigns within a year
Contact this candidate