RUSSELL ROCK
Lynchburg, VA
352-***-****

EXPERIENCE

WoodWick Candle, Blairs VA Sept 2017 – Dec 2017
JDC Group Representative: IT Specialist
Create user profiles and assign passwords in Exchange and Active Directory
Re-image and Install devices used by production and Office personnel
Troubleshoot hardware and software problems to include desktops, printers and scanners
Train users in use of Hardware, Applications and Operating system features
Create SOP documentation for Application install and End User training
Update Active Directory inventory documentation and Exchange User information
Configure End user VOIP phones, Create and Maintain barcode creation template

J. Crew, Lynchburg, VA Oct 2012 – Jun 2017
Distribution Center Trainer (Specialist II) (IT Desktop Support)
Support IT Dept. by re-imaging P.C.’s, installation of devices used for Mail innovation and Distributed Printing Initiatives. Troubleshoot and repair device failures.
Create IT troubleshooting SOP’s used for correcting PC and Printer related problems on the production line.
Create SOP's and train associates engaged in Inventory control by restocking of items using hand held scanner, Processing orders by Picking, Packing and Inspecting customer orders prepared for shipping using the WMS system known as Red Prairie.
Perform training sessions of groups of new hires.
Create associate performance metric reports using spreadsheets and graphs.
Participate and support Kaizen events with a goal of instituting Lean manufacturing techniques.

Lynchburg City School System Aug 2011- Oct 2014
Cashier (While attending Liberty University as full time student)
Cashier for fast-paced High School Cafeteria with a focus on customer service in a high volume operation.
Receive payments and detail the accounting of cash receipts for deposit in bank.
Prepare foods according to company standards and requirements.

Wal-Mart Inc., Lynchburg, VA Jul 2010- Aug 2011
Department Mgr. (Homelines) (While attending Liberty University as full-time student)
Maintained 10 departments with a team of six associates providing customer service satisfaction. Sales and product placement using corporate directed modification of sales floor product presentation.

Premier Logistics Inc. Gainesville, FL Nov 2009-Jul 2010
Consultant (While attending Liberty University as full-time student)
Created Power-point presentations and spreadsheet business analysis metrics for clients

Banta Logistics, Ocala, FL Sep 2003 – Nov 2009
Office Manager/Client Support (Software Support)
This multi-tasking environment included responsibilities as:
Office Operations Manager: Office management, bookkeeping support A/R and A/P, and integration of file transfers from freight management software into accounting software, report generation and payroll
Client Technologies Manager: Use of software Compliance, Current software subscriptions, Web Page Support, Printers and PC hardware and software support, internet support, user support, phone system, alarm system, as well as support of these other areas. QuickBooks, Strategy Live (freight management software), network, data back-up, and e-mail.

RUSSELL ROCK (cont’d)

Consulting Company. INC., Orlando, FL Apr 2003 – Sep 2007
Deployment Engineer -Team Lead
Sprint, K-mart, Charles Schwab, Cingular Projects.
Managed installation and support: of desktops printers and graphics hardware and software.
Perform installation of MS Windows O/S, LAN/WAN maintenance and user support. Performed uninstall of legacy PC's and installation of new, pre-imaged PC's. Perform installation of proprietary software on desktop operating systems and (emulation software).

Emergency One Inc. Ocala, FL Feb 1997 – Apr 2003
Systems Support Analyst
Managed solutions and support for cross platform environment (AS400/Unix/Windows). Create and update user profiles in Active Directory, use of software compliance, maintain software subscriptions, IT related lease contracts, provided support for MS Office and Outlook. Software and hardware support for remote access (VPN), desktops, laptops, PDA's, printers and audio-visual equipment.
Supervised the implementation of a System Support Help Desk with established policy and procedures
Project Supervisor over team of four for Implementation, installation and support of Corporate Badge system (Identicard Corp.) resulting in a 200% reduction in expenses.
Project Supervisor for Research, Implementation, installation and support of corporate wide Web Conferencing tool which resulted in projected annual company savings of $300,000
Programmed company ERP system forms (checks, invoices etc.) using forms creation software (Optio)
Implemented and maintained hot swap (re-imaged) /loaner laptop program used by all VP’s and field representatives
Project supervisor over team of three for Shop floor Kiosks. These kiosks are used by shop floor workers to access production information.

EDUCATION AND ACCREDITATIONS
Liberty University, Lynchburg, VA
Bachelors of Science Business Administration with Honors.
Graduation: April 2014

University of Phoenix, Scottsdale, AZ
Associates of Arts in Business as Magna cum Laud.
Graduation: Oct. 2008

OTHER EDUCATION AND TECHNICAL TRAINING
A+ Certified (Core Hardware Exam only).
Optio Programming (Basic and Advanced Levels of Forms Creation Programming).
Certificate of Computer Programming and Computer System Operations, Robert Morgan Vocational Technical Institute.
Certificate of Computer Programming, Cittone Institute.
Basic Electricity and Basic Electronics, DeVry Institute.

SKILLS
Production Training, Manufacturing production processes, Freight Logistics, Supply side resource Planning, Accounting (Quickbooks), Windows O/S Support operations, Microsoft Office, Optio (forms creation software), Identicard Badging Systems, and Desktop Hardware support, Network Support, Desktop and Network Printer Support, Character Generator Audio/Video Support.
Contact this candidate