Michael S. Spiess
952-***-**** ac4mty@r.postjobfree.com

QUALIFICATION SUMMARY

Passionate IT professional who applies solid technical and people skills to consistently achieve business objectives in a competitive
marketplace. Extensive experience working with all levels of an organization and with external customer. Exceptional in the
diagnoses and resolution of application issues with professionalism and sense of urgency. Driven by seeing the immediate impact
that IT can make in a business.

CORE STRENGTHS
Customer Satisfaction Conflict Resolution Creative Problem Solving Trainer, Leader & Mentor Excellent Communication Data Collection & Entry Organizational Management Quick Learner Prioritizing Tasks Team Work Skills

EXPERIENCE
Lifetouch National School Studios July 2011-April 2017
Application Support Analyst II - Promoted
Performed nights, and weekend coverage for the Application Monitoring and Incident Manager On-Call roles. This resulted in less downtime of Lifetouch applications.
Created and documented workarounds to fix issues to allow Service Levels to be met.
Worked with the Development team, Service Level Managers and Incident Managers when a large problem was identified.
Documented and trained Help Desk personnel on Lifetouch Application procedures.
Manage incoming issues through phone calls, email, and ticketing system to resolution for Lifetouch field offices located in the USA and Canada, all production facilities, and Lifetouch Yearbook customers.
Work with other Lifetouch teams testing application updates before and after deployments.
Initiated conference calls with all required resources.
Communicated via email to affected teams and Senior Management statuses and resolution.
Help Desk Specialist January 2008-July 2011
Managed incoming issues through phone calls, email, and ticketing system to resolution for Lifetouch offices and customers.
Performed nights, and weekend coverage for the Application Monitoring and Incident Manager On-Call roles. This resulted in less downtime of Lifetouch applications.
Created and documented escalation procedures for newly created Incident Manager role.
Subject matter expert for Yearbooks, CSS, PES and OnBase applications.

Cargill Inc. 1998-2005
Sr. IT Technical Analyst
Supported PC, LAN and WAN systems with over 500 PCs, 50 Intel based file servers which were located in six different states.
IT Liaison to the Cotton and US Treasury Business Units for Network Infrastructure issues.
Selected to represent Business Unit on the Corporate IT Change Management committee. Served as a contributing member for five years.
Contact this candidate