Continued
SHANE D. WHITE
San Diego, CA *****
202-***-**** / ac6h33@r.postjobfree.com
S ENIOR IT S UPPORT S PECIALIST AND S YSTEMS A DMINISTRATION Dedicated, inventive and resourceful IT Professional with more than 25 years of diverse experience in a wide range of design, engineering, administration, deployment, and a wide range of technical support development for desktop computer systems. Exceptional communicator, and analytical thinker who displays ability in leading teams to achieve successful results. Aggressively identifies strategies, develops focus, and provides tactical and sophisticated solutions. T ECHNOLOGICAL C OMPETENCE:
Operating Systems: Windows 10, 8.1, 7, Vista, XP
Document Mgmt. Sys.: Autonomy iManage, Worldox, Net Documents, Starlaw, PCDocs, Hummingbird DM Desktop Imaging: Microsoft MDT, Ghost, Acronis, Desktop Authority Active Directory: User Account Management, Distribution Group Management Remote Connectivity: Citrix, VMWare VDI, LogMeIn, GoToMyPC, TeamViewer, MS Remote Desktop Server Administration: MS Exchange 2003, 2007, 2010, 2012, Print Servers, SQL Server, iManage Indexer, Hummingbird DM
Legal Applications: 3bClean, Adobe Captivate, Adobe Dreamweaver, Assets Plus, CaseFinder, ContactEase, eCopy, Deed Plotter, DocX Tools, PDF Pro, FinPlan, HotDocs, Innova Softwise, Juris, Litera ChangePro, Number Cruncher, ProLaw, Rainmaker, SASICalc, Summation, TABS, TimeMatter, Title Express, VMWare Workstation, Wealth Transfer Planning, Workshare Compare, Workshare Professional, Workshare Protect Standard Applications: Adobe Acrobat, Adobe Photoshop, Eclipse IDE, GIMP, MS Office Suite 2003 - 2016, Office 365, Symantec Enterprise Vault, Connectwise, Kaseya, Datto, Rackspace P ROFESSIONAL E XPERIENCE
HILLTOP CONSULTANTS INC. - Washington, DC March 2016 - Feb 2018 IT Consultant/Service Desk Specialist (remote position) Directed upper-tier helpdesk support for all software issues and queries, IP phones, networking, cloud applications and mobile devices utilizing a central help desk model and intervening in the event of an escalation. HelpDesk Services:
Promptly answered incoming support calls, created an incident ticket, remotely connected to client’s computer, solved the issue, logged all details and notes of work completed and set the status to closed ticket.
Monitored all servers and workstations to proactively resolve issues before they escalate and require downtime.
Contacted the vendor for support when necessary after basic troubleshooting steps were performed, and all relevant details collected. This streamlined the call which saved time finding a solution. Continuously provided client with status updates.
Monitored the ticketing system for incoming support tickets. Reviewed the ticket, added details and either worked the ticket, or assigned the ticket to the appropriate person. On-Call Services:
Provided 24-hour support for one week every 2 months which included the weekend. All telephone calls would be routed to my cell phone for immediate attention at any hour of the day or night. The on-call agent is required to manage all technical issues that a client may be experiencing and typically, these were critical issues that would involve support from the vendor or required someone onsite to resolve. Being able to manage client expectations was key.
Shane D. White – Resume, Page Two
SAGE SOLUTIONS - OUTSOURCEIT- Washington, DC Sep 2010 - Sep 2015 Legal Desktop Deployment & Support Specialist
Executed the design, engineering and deployment of a wide range of desktop systems, including leading IT teams, and offering extensive support, serving mid-sized to large law firms. Desktop Development & Management:
Directed desktop design and engineering, defining applications, integrations, improving user experience, and deployment.
Streamlined project management processes, client communications, and status updates, identifying tasks, creating focus lists for deliverables and milestones.
Trained and mentored staff, developing training courses, floor support, and providing progressive management techniques.
Application Specialist
Delivered subject matter and technical expertise, staying current on industry trends and utilizing best practices.
Implemented application specific presentations for local professional associations and trade shows to assist in providing the best technology experience.
Composed articles and journals for industry trade publications, collaborating with deployment teams in configuration, and implementation of various products. User Support & Training:
Directed upper-tier user support for all software issues and queries, utilizing a central help desk model, and intervening in the event of an escalation.
Traveled to various firms providing issue resolution, training on demand, and coordinated efforts and initiatives with firm administrators.
Technical trainer, designing instructional materials and educational curriculum. HUNTON & WILLIAMS LLP - Washington, DC Sep 2000 - Jul 2010 Technology Support Coordinator, Sr. Practice Support Specialist, Sr. Application Specialist Established and led high-level technical support processes in the D.C. office for this global law firm that included nine U.S. offices, and five international locations employing over 2,000 individuals. Key Accomplishments:
Performed technical analysis to deliver crucial computer and software resolutions in a demanding environment.
Configured and monitored the Citrix servers and the Blackberry Enterprise server for more than 400 users.
Evaluated and identified system-wide recurring issues, developing an action plan for immediate resolution.
Collaborated with practice group members and teams to support facilitation of projects.
Developed documentation for company-wide knowledge base, including FAQ's for publication in internal company communications.
Reinforced the Applications Development team with testing, QA, and document development for planned software and hardware upgrades.
Maintained and performed backups for exchange servers and telephone PBS systems.
Surveyed all offices on an ad hoc basis for infrastructure, operating system upgrades, and routine IT support.
Initiated remote site locations in cooperation with onsite project teams, handling equipment deployment, upgrades, re-imaging, and facilitation of their repairs.
Specialist with audio/video equipment, active directory, and all major COT packages, including MS Office. HUNTON & WILLIAMS LLP - Richmond, VA Sep 1996 - Sep 2000 Information Center Analyst
HUNTON & WILLIAMS LLP - Richmond, VA May 1990 - Sep 1996 Senior Document Support Coordinator
FEDERAL BUREAU OF INVESTIGATIONS - Intelligence Division - Washington, D.C. Sep 1988 - May 1990 Technical Information Analyst
Contact this candidate