Donald Gordon
** ****** **
Pueblo, CO *****
Mobile: 719-***-****
Email: ac73pt@r.postjobfree.com

IT Support Specialist

Summary

Multi-skilled technology specialist skilled in Information Technology, End User Support, Networking, Hardware / Software Installation, Project Management and more. Seeking an opportunity to provide IT support.

My Unique Clifton Strengths Assessment Results

Restorative – Communication – Individualization – Empathy – Activator – Strategic – Connectedness – Relator – Command – Ideation – Belief

In Donald Gordon you get a unique technology professional who is deeply skilled in building meaningful and authentic relationships built upon a foundation of high integrity and trust. Donald has a passion for learning and is never more than one step or one click away from finding a solution. Donald is the person you hire when you want to see projects completed and successfully delivered in line with business objectives.
Education

Bachelor of Arts, Christianity & Music, Houston Baptist University

Professional Experience

Pueblo Community Health Center February 2018 to Present
Information Technology Support Specialist

Support: Manage all incoming support tickets, emails and voicemails for troubleshooting 350 users at 12 locations in Pueblo County and surrounding area. Assist healthcare professionals with high levels of people skills but low levels of technical skills to feel comfortable and confident with their technology. Monitor all computers, their connectivity, rogue applications and necessary updates regularly. Assist users in troubleshooting peripherals such as scanners, webcams, printers and docks. Assist users with smartphone setup and use for company access.

Setup: Manage deployment of images to new PCs or PCs with out of date images. Manage inventory of computer equipment including setting up new users on their first day and checking equipment back in upon termination. Set up and provide support for operating systems for all work stations using Windows 7 or Windows 10. Assist in educating employees about operation and security best practices such as phishing emails and safe internet usage.

Networking: Troubleshoot networking and connectivity issues using radius authentication. Resolve driver and hardware issues including repairing or replacing equipment when necessary. Setup and troubleshoot VPN connections for providers to access network from home. Manage and maintain Active Directory for credentials. Provide wireless troubleshooting and ensure correct domain setup for all workstations. Help manage VOIP system.

Project Management: Was given the responsibility of creating an inventory system of our IT equipment across all campuses that is not used for financial planning, troubleshooting and security. With successful tracking of laptops, we were able to save the company $40,000 over the previous year. Oversaw a new deployment process for imaging computers. Successfully managed a major software upgrade for our electronic health records software with little to no user impact by remotely deploying setup files and needed updates for the weeks leading up to the upgrade to ensure maximum effectiveness and ease. Oversaw a hardware upgrade project to bring all computers across 12 campuses up to company standard of 8gb of RAM and 64-bit OS including budgeting, equipment decisions, timing and resources in communication with department managers. Created and maintained a system for hot swapping computers when a problem arose so that the user could get back to work right away. Oversaw implementation of a new scan to network protocol across campuses to reduce paper waste and share resources.

Administration: Manage new users and exiting employees through Active Directory as well as changing permissions for existing users. Mangage Office 365 licensing for all employees. Monitor and keep AV updated for all workstations. Mange computer inventory for all employees.

Audio / Video: Setup conference rooms with projection, audio, web conferencing and networking capabilities.

Sharon Church March 2016 to December 2017
Technology, Systems, Music, Worship

Information Technology: Provided IT support to church staff. Managed all hardware upgrades and repairs as well as software licensing, trouble-shooting, setup and staff support for operation of AVL technology software, web design software, MS Office products, Mac OS X, Windows 7, Windows 10, email and more.

Networking: Supported networking across the two campuses of the church, the preschool and the private school that met on campus. Designed the network including keeping within best practices for security, setting up routers, firewalls, wireless access points, printers, remote softare connections and file servers. Staff, students and church members saw a significant improvement in network reliability and speed.

Hardware: Installed and maintained multiple low voltage systems in a church of over 1,000 people. Designed, installed and maintained technology to include Door Access Systems, Video over cat 6e, LED lighting with DMX control over cat 6e, PoE wireless access points, Digital Audio Snakes and Network Controlled Lennox HVAC control systems.

Network Cabling: Ran cable, crimped ends, set up operating software to control systems. As a result, technology was up to date and easier to maintain and the church lowered operating costs.

Multi-Media Technology: Responsible for all Audio, Video, Lighting (AVL). Programmed lighting, created video content and provided oversight and training for Sunday morning operation of all technology positions and technology support for all events in partnership with the school district.

Management: Provided oversight, training and scheduling to 50 person team of technology, music and student volunteers as well as managed an annual budget for areas of music, technology, and AVL.

Majestic Baptist Church January 2012 to January 2016
Technology, Systems, Music, Worship

IT Support: Supported staff and campus in IT. Upgraded and manged hardware and provided support for staff and volunteers of AVL technology software, web design software, MS Office products, Mac OS X, Windows 7, Windows 10, and email. Designed and manged church web site.

Networking: Overcame limited availability in a rural area for internet bandwidth. Utilized a load balancing router to combine 2 DSL lines into 1 network to allow more users to have access to the internet at the same time. This effort resulted in significant increase in productivity from staff.

Hardware: Utilitzed technology to expand video and audio systems. Designed and installed a new projector, several HD video feeds and an audio monitior feed over cat 6e.

Management: Provided oversight, training and scheduling to 40 person team of technology, music and church volunteers as well as managed an annual budget for areas of music, technology, and AVL.

Innotrac January 2012 to April 2012
Support Specialist for Motorola

IT Support: Provided phone support for users of Motorola cable modems and DSL modems. Assited users in troubleshooting and basic setup of networks and custom setup including VPNs, DMZs, Port Forwarding and custom Wireless Access Points including advising customers of best practices for security.

Calvary Church January 2008 to December 2011
Pastor of Worship

Technology: Responsible for all Audio, Video, Lighting (AVL). Programmed lighting, created video content and provided oversight and training for Sunday morning operation of all technology positions and technology support for events such as conferences, concerts, funerals and weddings.

IT Support: Supported staff and campus in IT. Upgraded and manged hardware and provided support for staff and volunteers of AVL technology software, web design software, MS Office products, Mac OS X, Windows 7, Windows 10, and email. Designed and maintained website.

Management: Provided oversight, training and scheduling to 40 person team of technology, music and church volunteers as well as managed an annual budget for areas of music, technology, and AVL.

References

Ken Hardy
System Administrator II, Pueblo Community Health Center
ac73pt@r.postjobfree.com
720-***-****

Cindy Pratt
Chief Financial Officer, Pueblo Community Health Center
ac73pt@r.postjobfree.com
719-***-****

Gwen Arvizo
7th & 8th Pre-AP Language Arts and Reading, 8th Grade GATE Coordinator, Skyview Middle School Technology Coach
ac73pt@r.postjobfree.com
719-***-****

Jeff Wilson
Administrative Pastor
ac73pt@r.postjobfree.com
404-***-****
Contact this candidate