EDUCATION EXPERIENCE
Bachelor Information Technology – Option in Networking
Carleton University, Ottawa, ON

Network Engineering
Algonquin College, Ottawa, ON

Work experience
IT and SAP support specialist January 2016- present
Newgold Inc., Toronto

Comfortable working with end users on IT and SAP recommendations. I provide support at the corporate office as well as remotely for all our mine sites.

IT Responsibilities:
Provide everyday user support on all IT requests at the corporate office.
Maintaining every day and infrastructure needs as per business requirement.
Responsible for running monthly security server patches and ensuring issues that come up are resolved before next business day.
Work on system upgrades to ensure business systems are unified and provide users with easier access on the network and remotely.
Comfortable building and maintaining VM’s.
Comfortable troubleshooting VM, desktop, printers, applications and everything tech related within the business issues.
Comfortable with Azure Cloud service.
Constant work on daily security issues and measures to improve our security system to reduce security risks.
Experienced working on DPM backup system running weekly and monthly backups.

SAP Experience
Currently assisting in a BPC 10 upgrade project. Main responsibilities being security management, end user support in setting up workstations in 3 systems, user access administration, building vms and installing SAP on Dev, QA and PRD systems and other required aaplications.

Day to day responsibilities include SAP security support in the following areas: user administration and maintenance, security configuration, maintaining SAP role authorization changes and configuration, workflow management, transport management, segregation of duties, remediating issues that users face in on their day to day jobs.

Conducting audit reports identified in IT controls every month, quarterly, semi-annually and yearly.

Responsible for assisting end users during testing for major system changes and changes maintained in development system. Responsible for verifying transports and importing on a weekly basis after confirming testing has been completed and approved.
Maintaining uniformity in all three systems for each site by conducting system copy projects periodically.

Implementing SAP notes and upgrades when needed and suggested.

Maintaining role changes and segregation of access as per business needs.

Network Operations
Beanfield Metroconnect, Toronto July 2015-January 2016

Executing procedures required to ensure network stability before, during and after maintenance and upgrade activities.
Ensure pre-configuration for network device installations for new and existing customers.
Provisioning up to level two devices for commercial clients for both dynamic and static connections i.e switch ports for VoIP, Data, IPTV.
Responsible for RDNS DNS and MTR record entries on customer request.
Assign IP addresses through ARIN for new and existing commercial customers.
Troubleshooting from Layer 1 to layer 3 issues with IT teams for commercial clients remotely and onsite.
General troubleshooting of residential IPTV and Data services remotely and onsite.
Implementing, configuring, marinating and troubleshooting Lan-x connections, web and email and website hosting services, DNS and RDNS.
Coordinate with fiber install Technicians for line testing for new installations.
Use of good judgment to resolve complex network related issues within a variety of environments.

Helpdesk and NOC services Agent
AVG Technologies (formally Level Platforms), Ottawa February 2013-July 2015

Provide remote Network Operations Center (NOC) support for multiple Managed Services Providers (MSP’s).
Monitor and remediated both computer systems and network issues through the use of AVG Managed workplace tool and several ticketing systems.
Communicate electronically and over the phone with end users as well as MSP’s experiencing network related, and IT issues
Troubleshoot and a work in variety of environments, including VPN, Servers, Terminal Servers and Cloud Desktop environments, using a variety of remote tools.

OTHER INTERESTS: Reading about currently technology leading trends. I am also a singer-song writer, play guitar, perform during my off work hours.
Contact this candidate