MIGUEL JOHNSON

ac8umx@r.postjobfree.com
Ph: 619-***-****

IT ADMINISTRATION / NETWORK MANAGER
Network Security Windows/Linux Server Firewall/Router Administration
Intrusion Detection/Prevention Virtualization/Hypervisors

IT Networking, Security & Support Specialist

Results-oriented, quality-driven, business-savvy professional with broad IT exposure and multi-faceted expertise in identifying, developing and executing cost-effective, technologically-advanced IT/networking solutions to meet challenging multinational business demands. Shrewd communicator and negotiator, with proven ability to gain cooperation and build consensus among diverse groups with conflicting business objectives to successfully achieve win/win outcomes. Participative leadership and management style, encouraging collaboration toward the common goal. Expertise in:

Cost Forecasting & Expenditure Control
Product Requirement Analysis & Procurement
Vendor Relations & Competitive Negotiations
Project Planning, Management & Fulfilment
Procedure Development & Execution
Strategic Planning & Development
Team Building & Performance Growth
Help Desk Support & Leadership
Performance & Productivity Improvement
Process Redesign, Turnaround & Optimization
TECHNOLOGICAL INVENTORY

Operating Systems: Microsoft Windows (All versions ) Linux OSX Cisco IOS
Network Security: IPS/IDS appliances and software PFsense/SonicWall/Cisco firewalls Endpoint security Penetration Testing Spam Filtering Secure DNS Secure VPN
Applications: VMware ESXi FreePBX PFsense FreeNAS OpenVPN MySQL
Other: Barracuda Webfilter, Load Balancer, Link Balancer, Spam Firewall
Photoshop Blackberry Enterprise Server Penetration Testing Nagios

PROFESSIONAL DEVELOMENT

CompTIA A+ Certified Technician Linux OS Administration MS Exchange Administration MS Active Directory Administration VMware ESXi Administration
Linux System Management Linux Internals & Tuning Team Management

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

IT Support Specialist, NOVACORE SYSTEMS 2012 to Present

Responsible for overall day-to-day operations for international small to medium sized business clientele. Provided both leadership and directed strategic support to multiple clients in a variety of markets including: non-profits, medical, industrial, and insurance. In charge of all aspects of daily operation of system network, Exchange servers, VMware ESXi servers, PFsense firewalls, workstations, NAS, IDS/IPS, AD, GPO, web servers, and any network hardware/appliances.

Installed and troubleshoot various software, hardware, and network security solutions.
Created, designed and maintained any security solutions including spam filters and firewalls
Improved the company’s work and process flow by fully understanding the business requirements and adapting technology to meet their needs.
Ensured proper response to client requests for technical assistance by improving service ticketing system, and managing technicians to ensure optimal customer satisfaction.
Built cloud FREEPBX phone VOIP system and rolled out open source phone system for entire company to increase reliability of telephony services and save company resources.
Created, designed, and maintained OpenVPN and secure PPTP services to client resources to ensure secure remote access for employees.
Created, designed and maintained cloud backup systems for clients to ensure no data loss of workstations and servers.
In charge of database implementation and backups.
Minimized outlay by integrating low-cost VOIP solution with Lucent PABX, enhanced security by using firewall logs/network monitoring to reverse-engineer security requirements.

Technical Support Engineer II, BARRACUDA NETWORKS 2011 to 2012

Responsible for leading technical team to deliver world class support experience and directing staff to follow standards, policies and procedures to ultimately provide optimal customer satisfaction. Monitored performance and took every opportunity to coach team members on their abilities and how to prioritize tasks in order of importance and priority. Worked with other support leaders to manage escalations, patches, and to maintain staffing levels. Worked with all departments to meet customer’s satisfaction.

Worked closely with developers to resolve technical issues with Barracuda hardware/software.
Handled Tier 1 escalations from international as well as national clientele.
Contributed to internal company wiki and FAQ database with innovative solutions to common issues.
Handled disputes with dissatisfied customers to ensure their needs were met.
Provided Linux remote administration and support to customer hardware/software.
Trained new Tier 1 employees on various support issues and technical knowledge.

Senior System Administrator, MOONKNIGHT NETWORKS, INC. 2009 to 2011

Provided Tier 3 level support to other technicians throughout organization. Investigated and troubleshoot advanced level networking and software issues.

Handled migrations from older versions of Microsoft server/Exchange to 2008/2010 versions.
Monitored network security and services.
Deployed custom firewalls and security software to clients.
Built Linux/Windows fileservers and setup backup NAS.
Implemented Spam Filtering to clients in various forms.
Built and configured DNS, DHCP, and VPN servers
Managed and Trained other technicians

IT Manager, SCILOGIC SYSTEMS, INC. 2009 to 2009

Responsible for management of IT day to day operations, including management and training of technicians. Head of technology for entire company, and responsible for deployment of company and client resources such as company phone system, servers, ticketing system, and security solutions.

Setup and maintained Windows and Linux servers.
Built Active Directory domains and internal networks for clients.
Managed over 20 technicians in all aspects from hire, training, and termination.
Built and maintained Microsoft and VMware hypervisors.
Deployed Spam Filtering to clients.
Managed all client DNS both internal and external.
Built and maintained NAS appliances.
Ensured both company and client database backups were functional and implemented.
Monitored client servers and checked error logs to ensure issues were handled proactively.
Built custom appliances for company and clients.

IT Systems Administrator, CASHEDGE, INC. 2008 to 2009
Responsible for internal company administration of workstations and servers. Also handled Active Directory and Exchange administration in a Windows server 2003/2008 environment

Installation, administration, and support of various IT infrastructure components such as workstations, network components, and commercial software packages.
Provided 24/7 on call tech support for the company using remote desktop, phone support, and our remote tech support system to solve problems in the Windows 7 operating system
Created and managed Active Directory profiles and permissions in Windows Server
Managed/troubleshot VOIP telephone system and made repair requests.
Managed software/hardware issues and requests for onsite Linux based development servers.
Contributed to company wiki with solutions to common issues.
Created and managed Exchange accounts and profiles.

Senior System Administrator, SPARTAN SYSTEMS 2007 to 2008

Primary contact for all technicians and clients for escalations, advanced technical issues, and customer satisfaction issues.
Trained field team of 10+ technicians and managed day to day operations of team. Also assisted in hiring process of team members.
Resolved network level issues such as problems with DNS/DHCP and other networking services.
Managed all Sonicwall routers/VPN endpoints.
Provided remote and onsite on-call 24/7 support for all clients.
Setup and maintained network monitoring via Nagios and other tools.
Created and managed Exchange accounts and profiles.
Setup and maintain all IDS/IPS technologies to detect and protect against hacking.
Configured and monitored all backup solutions for clients.

IT Manager, REDWOOD FINANCIAL INC. 2002 to 2007

Responsible for all aspects of IT for entire company. Also responsible for training and management of all junior technicians throughout multiple national offices.
Resolved all escalated issues from junior technicians as well as all advanced requests throughout all offices.
Managed office phone system and site to site VPN.
Managed company network security and IDS.
Provided remote and onsite on-call 24/7 support for all employees.
Suggested and implemented new technology and solutions for company.
Setup and maintained Exchange 2003 server for company and eventually migrated to 2007.
Managed company corporate endpoint antivirus solutions.
Provided weekly training to employees on basic IT questions and tasks.

Technician, FRY'S ELECTRONICS 2000 to 2002

Provided day to day in-house and store technical support services.

Troubleshoot hardware and software.
Virus and adware removals.
Data Recovery for windows and Linux systems.
Provided network and hardware support for multiple store locations.
Upgraded store hardware and software.
Built custom PCs and servers.
Hardware and technical service sales.
Contact this candidate