Oyeyemi Emmanuel Olasehinde
***** ***** **** ** *** 1807 Houston, TX 77082
www.linkedin.com/in/oyeyemi-olasehinde-8a3552149/ • 346-***-**** • ac9jhd@r.postjobfree.com Multifaceted technical career with extensive track record of innovation and success Solutions-oriented, technically sophisticated IT professional with extensive hands-on experience in systems administration, website development and database management, installation, maintenance, troubleshooting, and technical support. In-depth knowledge of Windows-based systems and technologies, architectures, software and platforms, with the ability to apply them to the strategic benefit of organizations. I.T Support Specialist •Systems Administration • Project Management • Technical Support Problem Resolution • Report Generation • Team Leadership and Training TECHNICAL SKILLS
•MS Active Directory •Database Software (Oracle, Microsoft Access) • Data Entry Terminal (PDT, Mainframe Terminal) • Email Software (Microsoft Outlook, Thunderbird) • Graphics or Drawing Software (Microsoft Publisher, adobe Photoshop, Adobe Dreamweaver, Adobe Muse, Adobe Animate, CorelDraw) • Internet Browser
(Internet Explorer, Firefox, Google Chrome) • Networking or LAN Software (Cisco) • Peripheral Devices
(Scanners, Printers) • Personal Computers • Presentation Software (Microsoft PowerPoint, Flash) • Spreadsheet Software (Calc, Microsoft Excel) • Utility Software (Virus, File Compression) • Word Processing Software (Microsoft Office 365, Microsoft Word, WordPerfect) • Accounting Software (Peachtree, QuickBooks) • Hardware and Peripherals, Mobile Device Hardware, Networking, Troubleshooting Hardware, Installing and Configuring Operating Systems including Windows, IOS, Android • ServiceNow.• Sharepoint PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
IT Support Technician (November 2018 – Till date) Cudd Energy Services Engaged with the responsibilities of monitoring heavy equipment during operations in the control room in a safe and appropriate manner. Maintained and secured all hardwares as directed by the supervisor and in accordance to company policy and local and state regulations. Other duties are listed below:
Manages User Accounts on WindowsNT and UNIX Platform (Create employees account, Delete layoff employee, Grant Access/Permissions, and VPN Access).
Primarily responsible for supporting hardware, software, network and computer security systems.
Perform the complete range of computer services (to include researching costs and recommending selection of hardware and software, installation of new hardware and software, relocation of network hardware, and virus cleansing)
Responsible for supporting the in-house control boxes and PC based software solution for assigned program.
Assisting with the analysis, design, and implementation of LAN/WAN requirements.
Manages, control and accounted for program technology assets assigned to the IT department at the site.
Control and monitored user setup, Internet access, and assists in enforcing discipline in its use.
Ensure all work is completed to appropriate quality standards.
Responsible for supporting MS Office 365 suite of applications and solutions
Perform other duties as required.
Fulfilled multiple and simultaneous duties, with responsibility for ensuring highest levels of system availability and reliability at all times. Updated website content using WordPress, and backed-up and restored website data. Accessed control management and role assignment to other administration users. Updated and regularly reviewed functional content of the website, and provided technical support to users. Escalated complex technical issues for timely resolution. Liaised between senior management and payment gateway operators. System Administrator (September 2017 – October 2018) High Stairway Group Oyeyemi Emmanuel Olasehinde
Page Two
Key Achievements:
Supported system design by identifying required functional areas needed on Student portal.
Set up hosting account and achieved 90% rating in editing content of three websites.
Optimized and maintained system functionality, performance and recoverability in mission-critical environments.
Provided positive service and support for internal users.
Served as the first point of contact for customers seeking technical assistance over the phone or email
Performed remote troubleshooting through diagnostic techniques and pertinent questions
Determined the best solution based on the issue and details provided by customers
Walked the customer through the problem-solving process
Directed unresolved issues to the next level of support personnel
Performed support for MS Office 365
Provided accurate information on IT products or services
Recorded events and problems and their resolution in logs
Follow-up and updated customer status and information
Passed on any feedback or suggestions by customers to the appropriate internal team
Identified and suggested possible improvements on procedures.
Managed and improved network environment.
Performed backup of company data and archive critical data.
Maintained all network and user hardware and software.
Hands on support to Manufacturing, Quality Assurance and Manufacturing Scheduling.
Supervision/support of purchasing function.
Responsible for physical inventory from start to finish including upload/download to/from financial software.
Oversaw all operations of student portal, in addition to maintaining LAN, WAN and school database. Installed and maintained Windows operating systems and hardware. Provided training in Window 2000/XP/Windows Server 2003. Assisted in ensuring the stable operation of the company’s computer systems and networks through planning, developing, installing, configuring, maintaining, supporting, documenting and optimizing all network hardware, software and communications links.
Key Achievements:
Troubleshoot and resolve Tier 1 and Tier 2 technical issues involving any of the following: Microsoft’s core business applications Windows Server/Desktop, Exchange, SQL, SharePoint. Remote access solutions Citrix, VPN, Terminal Services. Backup, Student records continuity and disaster recovery solutions. Networking WAN and LAN connectivity, routers, firewalls, and security. VoIP telephone systems. Other hardware and peripherals.
Created and maintained email addresses and distribution lists in MS Exchange.
Communicated often with heads of departments and document all results.
Supported system design by identifying required functional areas needed on Student portal.
Answered telephone calls and triage service tickets during peak times.
Served as the primary technician for clients acting as the first line escalation point. IT System Administrator (March 2011 - March 2017) Kwara State Polytechnic
Provided end-user support and customer service as the initial point of contact on the IT Help Desk. Responded to service requests in a proactive and timely manner.
Maintained user identity and access rights for various systems including network, access control, etc.
Installed, tested, and troubleshoots computer hardware, software, and peripheral equipment for various County computer systems.
Troubleshoots and installed telephones, telephone systems, and telecommunication circuits.
Confers with department heads and elected officials to schedule computer installation and maintenance.
Troubleshoots audio / visual systems.
Created and generated reports as needed.
Maintained hardware inventory and portions of Active Directory.
Maintained documents and files related to work completed.
Provided mobile device support to employees as needed.
Regular and punctual in attendance as required.
Performed other related technical duties as required.
Served as member of Portal Transition Committee of Academic Board, ICT Management Committee, and Registration Task Force on Students Registration.
Entered cash, cheques receivables and cash payables, prepared monthly income and expenditure reports, and completed reconciliation of bank statements / cash book. Resolved unreconciled entries through wrong deductions. Developed reports on account receivables of all invoice accounts and money lodgement. Completed assigned duties in a timely and accurate manner, including entering staff data and timesheets, calculating allowances, deductions and payroll taxes, and using accounting software (Sage and QuickBooks). Managed Student Payment Gateway Channel (Interswitch Platform). Prepared journals and vouchers Key Achievements:
Successfully managed payroll unit for three years.
Improved efficiency and accuracy by switching from manual mode payment to an end to end mode of payment using Sage and QuickBooks.
EDUCATION & CREDENTIALS
B.Sc. in Accounting (2006)
University of Ilorin, Ilorin, Nigeria
Kit Education (2016)
International Training Institute FZLLC, Dubai
Technical Certifications
Microsoft Certified Solution Developer: MCSD, 2017 Microsoft Certified Professional: MCP, 2017
Microsoft Certified Solutions Associate: MCSA, 2017 ITIL Foundation - Information Technology Infrastructural Library, 2017 MOS, Microsoft Office Specialist, 2016
MOS, Microsoft Office Word 2010 Expert, 2016
MOS, Microsoft Office Excel 2010 Expert, 2016
MOS, Microsoft Office PowerPoint 2010 Expert, 2016 MOS, Microsoft Office Outlook 2010 Expert, 2016
ENSA, EC-Council Network Security Administrator, 2016 Certificate in System Analysis and Design, 2016
CNA, Nigerian Certified National Accountant, 2015
AMNIM, Associate Member of Nigerian Institute of Management, 2012 Adobe Photoshop CC, Adobe Dreamweaver CC, Adobe Muse CC, Adobe Animate CC Assistant Payroll System Head (October 2008 - February 2011) Kwara State Polytechnic
Contact this candidate