ANTHONY PEER 720-***-**** acfg1y@r.postjobfree.com COLORADO SPRINGS, CO

SUMMARY OF TECHNICAL QUALIFICATIONS

Microsoft Operating Systems, Windows XP, 7, 8.1 Professional Installation
Linux and Unix Operating Systems, SQL Database, Microsoft Exchange Server 2007, 2010
Setup, configuration, maintenance, security and troubleshooting Windows Server 2008 & 2012 R2
OSI and TCP/IP models, network media specifications and functions, LAN/WAN protocols, Cisco routers
Computer programming knowledge with advanced skills in logic and syntax with VB and HTML5
Advanced knowledge of Microsoft Office Suite and VMware & vSphere, VMware Horizon view
CA Service Desk, Service Now ticketing, remote automation, and analysis
CompTIA A+ certified

EDUCATION & MILITARY

Colorado Technical University, Colorado Springs, CO 2013 - 2015
Pursuing a Bachelor of Science in Information Technology

ITT Technical Institute, Akron, Ohio 2011 - 2013
Associate of Applied Science degree in Computer Network Systems

United States Army 76Y 10-20

Fort Knox, KY and Athens, Greece

EXPERIENCE

FahrenheitIT Staffing & Consulting Denver,CO April 2014 - Present
April 2014 – July 2014
TeleTec Corp Windows / VDI Engineer

Design and implement solutions for all virtualized infrastructure lines of business based on best practices to
support both data center and distributed server infrastructures and desktop environments.
Demonstrated advance level experience with vSphere, ESX, VMware View, Horizon View 4.6
Efficiently troubleshoot and problem solve all technical issues relevant to supporting VMWare View.
Implementation of VDI desktop images for delivering a personalized workspace back to a user.
Experience working with VDI solutions at a design and implementation level.
Improved delivery and compatibility of applications by encapsulating them from the underlying operating
system on which they are executed through a hypervisor layer .
Design, test, and document back-end storage for optimal performance for VDI infrastructure.
November 2011 – January 2014
MurTech Infrastructure Services Cleveland, OH
PNC Bank IT Support Specialist July 2013 - Jan 2014

Support development and implementation of new computer projects and new hardware installations

Construct, install, and test customized configurations based on various platforms and operating systems. Worked

with end users to identify and deliver required PC service levels

Install, configure, test, maintain, monitor, and troubleshoot end user workstations Hardware, networked peripheral

devices, and networking hardware products

Perform on-site analysis, diagnosis, and resolution of complex PC problems for a variety of end users, and

recommend and implement corrective hardware solutions, including off-site repair as needed

McAfee ePolicy Orchestrator (McAfee ePO), database security threats, Host Intrusion Prevention: HIP

Accurately document instances of hardware failure, repair, installation, and removal

Assist in developing long-term strategies and capacity planning for meeting future computer hardware needs.

Where required, install, configure, test, maintain, monitor, and troubleshoot associated end user workstation

software and networking software products

Assist in developing, maintaining, and upholding procedures for logging, reporting, and statis tical monitoring PC

performance levels

Scheduling the appointment to meet the requirements of the end user, and overview of process.

Back-up data from old Dell asset, transfer image data and files to new Dell machine.

Run final Windows 7 image, prepare (SCCM) module for migration process.

Run gpupdate /force and add end user back to the (AD RMS) active directory.

Evaluate image transfer and end user applications with end user.

Reload and install any new applications that are needed for end user work flow, productivity.

Trouble shoot if necessary, verify that end user is able to continue daily tasks.

Decommission old asset (wipe drive) prepare for shipment to liquidation facility.

I installed over 500 Dell laptops and workstations on this assignment.
MurTech Infrastructure Services Cleveland, OH

Wells Fargo Field Service Technician June 2013 - July 2013

Short term assignment.
Installed new HP desktop workstations and multifunction Ricoh 6001 printers.
Setup IP addressing schema, initialized (DHCP) protocol, and Symantec:endpoint security
Evaluated pre loaded Windows 7 image, and installed new applications.
Help desk support while on sight.
I installed 27 HP workstations and printers at this job site.

MurTech Infrastructure Services Cleveland, OH

U.S. Bank Field Service Technician March 2013 - May 2013

This is a mortgage facility that employs approximately 350 end users ranging from account representitives to
executives. When I arrived on this job site the project had been behind for
30 days, and initially there was an IP addressing pool problem.
I was able to trouble shoot the Problem and address the matter with noc c enter which resulted
in a resolution to the IP Addressing schema and work resumed.
I was successful in completing the project on the projected end date.
I Installed 4 to 5 workstations a day, evaluated image, or re-imaged the machine as needed.
Application pool was used for each end user’s job descriptive and installed, configured.
Decommission process performed after end user was confident all data was secure and available.
I was the only technician on this project and I installed approximately 223 workstations .
I also performed help desk support to end users while on site.

MurTech Infrastructure Services Cleveland, OH
KeyBank Field Service Technician November 2011 - Febuary 2012
Installed 10 to 12 HP Workstations, and platform machines daily, including multi-function printers at each branch
location throughout the Cleveland area and vicinity.
Back-up data from old HP asset, transfered image data and files to new HP machine.
Run pre-config final Windows 7 image, prepare (SCCM) module for migration process.
Evaluate image transfer and end user applications with end user.
Decommissioned HP servers in rack room and prepared for shipping and liquidation.
I also performed help desk support to end users while on site.
Contact this candidate