AREAS OF EXPERTISE
Service: Rapid Problem Resolution, Broad IT Experience, Training End Users, Process Improvement
Technical: Hardware/Software Expertise, LAN/WAN TCP/IP Networking, Server and User Administration,
System Conversions & Seamless Upgrades, Scripting/Task Automation, Data Backup and Recovery.

PROFESSIONAL SYNOPSIS
CCPE – CSULB, Long Beach, California 9/2011-Present – System Support Specialist
The College of Continuing and Professional Education (CCPE), one of the eight academic colleges at
California State University, Long Beach. It is a self-support, interdisciplinary college that works closely
with CSULB.
• In charge of everyday functionality of computer systems for over 150 local users on Windows XP,
7 & OSX, managing computer and user administration through Active Directory, Group Policy and
Remote Management software.
• Conduct root cause analysis of software, hardware and network related problems.Install, maintain
and repair Dell workstations and laptops, as well as provide Digital Networks multimedia systems.
• Manage Microsoft System Center Configuration Manager, VMware and Windows Deployment
Services to create, test and deploy new workstation images.
• Test and deploy new software releases, operating system updates and software installations for
users.
• Automate common process, such as data backup, malware detection and software installations,
using custom batch scripts to increase efficiency and minimize errors.

MORGAN DREXEN, Anaheim, California 8/2010-8/2011 – Sr Desktop Admin
Integrated Legal Systems offers an array of front end and back end services to law firms seeking to
perform debt settlement solutions.
• Administered everyday functionality of computer systems for 300+ local users on Windows XP, 7
and OSX, overseeing computer and user administration through Active Directory, Group Policy,
Exchange server and VoIP based Telecommunication systems.
• Analyzed and resolved root cause of software, hardware and network related problems. Installed,
maintained and repaired Dell desktop systems, as well as network printers and Multifunction
Copiers.
• Managed RIS Server operations, create, test and deploy new workstation images, system and
software updates.

MOLINA HEALTHCARE, Long Beach, California 2009-2010 - End User Support Specialist
Public healthcare provider to those on government assistance in 9 states with up to 5,000 staff.
• Provided technical support/maintenance at 14 corporate clinics and 3 remote regional offices
throughout California, for office machines, computers and network including Cisco VoIP phone
system.
• Spearheaded special projects such as inventory collection, equipment configuration, and needs
assessment for upgrades/installations.
• Collaborated with cross-functional staff in Telecom, Networking, and Security Administration.

HEALTH DIALOG -AIGM-CORE TECHNOLOGIES, Phoenix, AZ 6/2007-5/2009 – IT Contractor
• Assisted local/remote users with all levels of computer software, hardware and network concerns.
• Conducted periodic maintenance with on-site servers, network switches/routers as part of
quarterly site backup power tests.
• Monitored and maintained servers, tape backup and jukebox archival systems.
• Automated common tasks by creating multiple scripts, such as to repair applications used by end-
users,increasing system efficiency of the corporate computer system.
WASHINGTON MUTUAL/JP MORGAN CHASE, Irvine, California 2001-2007 - Senior Tech Analyst
400 staff at local IT campus supporting 12,000 company users and 300 external loan brokers.
• Responded to escalated technical issues out of ticketing queue, submitted by Loan
Origination/Fulfillment division, requiring familiarity with technical and home loan procedures.
• Analyzed tickets to determine root cause as technical or business related, collaborating with
cross-functional staff to achieve resolution.
• Recognized as Subject Matter Expert to troubleshoot problems with Windows OS and database-
driven 3rd-party Contact Management applications provided to loan agents.
• Created automated backup solution used to prevent data loss of significant databases.
• Gained expertise in software patch testing prior to release to production systems.

CAM COMMERCE SOLUTIONS, Fountain Valley, California 1999-2001 - Tech Support Specialist
200 staff providing businesses with point-of-sale systems to external clients in US, England, and South
America.
• Provided technical support on software and hardware issues to Windows/Unix server and
workstation clients.
• Expanded skills on Windows System Administration, Windows OS, 3rd party applications,
barcode/dot-matrix printers, barcode scanners, credit card terminals, PDAs, network connectivity,
and data backup.
• Achieved highest closed ticket count consistently, frequently volunteering to take on additional
tasks and projects, demonstrating proficiency across a broad range of equipment and systems.

PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT
MCSE Core Training California State University, Irvine, California
Computer Networking Certification Computer Education Institute, Lake Forest, California
Company sponsored ITIL certification training at WaMu/JP Morgan Chase

TECHNICAL SKILLS
Scripting: Windows batch scripting, HTML, PowerShell.
Security Suits: Symantec EndPoint Protection, McAfee VirusScan Enterprise, Trend Micro Enterprise
Protection, Safeboot and Checkpoint Pointsec disk encryption.
System Management and Imaging: Windows Server 2003/2008, Microsoft System Center, Citrix,
Windows Deployment Server, Exchange Server, Active Directory, Altiris, VMware,
Symantec Ghost, Ghostcast Server, Partition Magic, Acronis True Image, Drive Image.
Backup: Backup Exec, Lone Star Lone-Tar (Unix) Backup, Windows Native Backup.
Office and Communication: Lync 2013, Office 365, Blackberry/BES, Skype, MS Office 2000-2013, Eno
Interactive Boards, Cisco, TeleVantage and Avaya VoIP phone systems.
Remote Control and Access: LogMeIn, NetMeeting, Procomm32, pcAnywhere, Dameware, Citrix
XenApp, Altiris, Verint, Cisco, Nortel and AT&T VPN software.
Service Desk/Ticket Management: ZenDesk, Altiris, Heat, Peregrine, Pivotal and Remedy.
Contact this candidate