Malgorzata Allison
**** **** ***** *****
Clearwater, Florida 33763
Phone: 630-***-****
Email: acrstg@r.postjobfree.com

IT Support Specialist

Technical Overview:
Software:
Microsoft Office 365, Microsoft Office 2013, 2010, 2007 including Office Communicator, McAfee Professional 9.0, McAfee Enterprise 8.7, Active Directory (AD), Domain Name System(DNS), Windows Internet Name Service (WINS), Remote Desktop, VPN Client, Real VNC Viewer, Imaging Professional, Gutenburg Print software, Netreg, WebConnect Pro 6.2, Salesforce, Logmein, Internet Explorer, Google Chrome, Firefox, Adobe Reader, Adobe Professional, Titlepoint, .Net Framework, Super AntiSpyware, Ghost, Net-sight Atlas software, Jenzabar, Safari, Strata, Eclipse, Altris, Aspera FTP, Filemaker, Bria Softphones, Web-Dialer.
Operating Systems:
Windows Server 2008 R2, 2003, 2000. Windows 10, Windows 8, Windows 7, Windows XP, 2000, NT4.0, MAC OS
Hardware:
Cisco Router 2600, Cisco Catalyst 3750, Dell desktops and laptops, Hewlett Packard desktops and laptops, IBM laptops, HP and Lexmark networked and local printers, Kodak, Canon, HP and Fujitsu scanners, iPhones and Androids.
Career Accomplishment:
Barbizon USA Tampa, Florida (January, 2015 – August, 2015)
IT Support Specialist
Maintain user accounts in AD, create and terminate accounts and groups at the Google Cloud email server.
Configure new accounts in FileMaker tables.
Build new laptops and desktops for employees, add printers and scanners to profiles, projector setups.
Install and test required software on the clients computers as, Bria softphone system, SonicWall Client VPN, Web-Dialer.
Troubleshoot hardware and software issues required during daily operations.

SNI Companies Saint Petersburg, Florida (July, 2014 to December, 2014)
IT Technical Assistant Last assignment for Bright House Media Strategies.
In house support for deadline critical staff producing television commercials.
Created and deployed Windows 7 desktops and laptops with industry specific software.
Maintained and updated workstations per specific client needs.

M & A Consulting, Incorporated Lisle, Illinois (April, 2013 to June, 2014)
IT Independent Consultant
Upgraded from Windows XP to Windows 7 desktops and laptops.
Setup home networks including desktops, printers, and scanners.
Installed virus protection software, brought all definitions up to date, cleaned and repaired machines.
Assisted with configuring switches and wireless access points.
Software installation, testing and modifications.

Lake Forest College Lake Forest, Illinois (August, 2011 to March, 2013)
Computer Support Specialist
Created and maintained new workstations, laptops, and printer on the network.
Monitored and did troubleshooting on network devices, including routers, switches and access points.
Cloned, build and repaired new and used equipment such as desktops, laptops, printers for the many sites.
Supported and did troubleshooting for end user’s needs.
Vendor contact for system trouble.
Installed virus removal products and scanned equipment to clean viruses, Trojans, and all infected files.
Setup mailboxes and created VPN connections on iPhone and android devices.

Fidelity National Financial/Property Insight Chicago, Illinois (October, 2002 to August, 2011)
Imaging Systems Network Administrator
Evaluated hardware and software to determine efficiency, reliability, and compatibility with existing system.
Used Active Directory to regulate and monitor file access to ensure confidentiality and proper use.
Server maintenance and support including patches and updates.
Windows 7 and Win XP desktop, laptop and printer maintenance and support for multiple locations.
Vendor contact and relationship manager.
Monitored system performance, provided security measures, and applied corrections.
User acceptance testing during conversion from server based Efolder to Web based TitlePoint.
Scheduled and performed data backups and disaster recovery operations.
Installed, diagnosed and trained users on Microsoft Office 365, 2010 and 2007.
Performed multiple office relocations covering data lines, routers, switches and staff.

Fidelity National Financial/Chicago Title Carol Stream, Illinois (September, 1999 to October, 2002)
Senior Data Verification Operator
Organized workflow, created scanned images, verified work for 99% correctness.
Exported scanned batches to optical platters.
Onsite support for workstations, scanners, and printers.

Education and Training:
DeVry University of Technology Addison, Illinois 1999 -- 2003
Bachelor of Science Degree in
Telecommunications Management

School of Economics Krakow, Poland 1978 – 1982
Associate Degree in Economics

Cisco Certified ID: CSCO11222486 Chicago, Illinois Active until 2018
CCNA, CCNA-Security, CCNA-Voice,
CCNA-Wireless
College of DuPage CCNA Security Addison, Illinois 2009 – 2010
College of DuPage Internetworking Technician Addison, Illinois 2006 – 2007
Contact this candidate