Work Experience
Optimal Solutions and Technologies (OST).
OST tier III/IT Support Specialist
August.2015 - present

Provide technical assistance and support for incoming queries and issues related to computer systems, software, and hardware.
Writing Standard Operating Procedures (SOP).
Train computer users.
Maintain daily performance of computer systems.
Install, modify, and repair computer hardware and software.
Resolve technical problems with Local Area Networks (LAN), Wide Area Networks (WAN), and other systems.
Run reports to determine malfunctions that continue to occur
Work with third party vendors in troubleshooting and resolving third party applications.
Installing SFTP software and creating accounts along with granting permissions to new users.
Assigned special projects based on contracts assigned to company to assist clients with technical support services.
Provide support to end users remotely and in person.
Utilize SharePoint as a ticketing service desk ticketing system to record incidents/requests.
Work with SharePoint developers to resolve issues with SharePoint application.
Assist reviewers and coordinators with issues with Xactimate and Simsol.

Small Business Administration (SBA).
System Admin/IT support specialist (Clearance level: Public trust)
Feb. 2014 – Dec. 2014

Primary entry point for all end user IT support requests, account management, and asset management activities
User Provisioning via Active Directory including granting user and group permissions
Utilize CA service desk ticketing system to record incidents/requests.
Record management of all incidents, including Requests for Change (RFC) with ticket categorization, prioritization and escalation (as appropriate), and updates to the customer on progress
End user training assistance for standard desktop applications and operating system features
Provide video conferencing support via Skype, WebEx and Lync
Performs and annotates regular updates in standard desktop configurations
Case management and referrals to external teams such as the field support technicians or NOC/SOC
Configure, install, and support desktop computers, laptop computers, handheld devices, printers, monitors, portable data storage devices, and other general peripherals
Support to asset provisioning, management tracking and reporting
Provide support for software/ hardware configuration and installation
PC reimaging
Desktop migration from windows XP to Windows 7.
Provide Citrix, Bomgar, LANDesk and Remote Desktop for end user remote support.
Creating/deleting/resetting Windows domain accounts and passwords.
Providing network printer support to include: adding/removing/troubleshooting printers and adding/removing/configuring print server queues.
Granting/revoking application and shared folder access
Office of Personnel Management (OPM).
Desktop support Technician (Clearance level: Public Trust)
May 2012– Feb. 2014

Respond to IT incidents and requests received from the OPM user community via phone calls, email, fax, walk-ins, desk side support and remote access.
Utilize Remedy ticketing system to record incidents/requests, providing detailed information such as the user’s issue, steps taken during diagnosis phase and solution.
Opens, tracks, and closes trouble tickets, ensures problem ownership and promotes end-user satisfaction. Escalate to appropriate team if unable to resolve issue.
Assist end-users with installation, configuration, and troubleshooting of hardware and software to ensure continued usability of equipment and software: Network Connectivity, MS Office, PDA support, Windows XP, Windows 7, Local and Network Printers.
Troubleshoot and resolve user incidents and requests dealing with the Microsoft operating system, Microsoft Office Suite, Blackberry, Citrix, and all OPM-owned Commercial Off-the-shelf (COTS) products.
Perform password resets for RSA (token), AD, BlackBerry, 2 Factor, VPN, Citrix, and proprietary application accounts.
Provide resolution for user’s incident and request via phone, email, desk side, LANDesk and Citrix.
Perform system/application installation (OS, firmware, drivers, applications, software etc.)
Diagnose and resolve end users network, pc hardware, mainframe, email, internet, wireless and local area network access problems.
Software install such as Adobe, Java, MS office, MS Project/Visio, Lync etc.
Perform asset management.

Comcast Cable
Helpdesk Support
Sept.2009 – May 2012

Troubleshooting/provisioning all networking device (Modem, Gateway, Switches & router) to ensure smooth internet access for customers.
Configuring all versions of mail clients (Outlook, Window mail & Mac mail) using the appropriate protocols.
Prepare work orders for maintenance requests after determining if field visits are required and ensures appropriate follow-up procedures are met
Maintains problem call tracking in Helpdesk ticketing system (Remedy, TTS, Grand slam and ER).
Perform notifications and escalations with technicians, supervisors, technical managers, dispatch, and all call center personnel.
Setup devices and protocols for network connection (Wireless routers, firewalls, IP addresses).
Diagnose and resolve end users network, pc hardware, mainframe, email, internet, dial-in, wireless and local area network access problems.

Crew Leader Assistant (Contract Position), - Department of Commerce Bureau of the Census
Feb. 2009 – Apr. 2009

Demonstrating and implementing to new and existing employees the use of Global positioning system (GPS) and hand held computers (HHCs).
Building an up-to-date Address list and map to serve as the backbone of the decennial census.
Conduct initial observations of newly trained employees to make sure they understand address canvassing procedures and meet the required goals.
Using equipment’s to determine location and collect map spots for existing and new within the assignment areas.

Chevy Chase Bank, Lending service / Home Equity specialist
Apr.2006 – Nov.2008

Process and prepare for closing retail mortgage loans (conventional and government, purchase and refinance) under various loan programs in accordance with policies & procedures.
Review all incoming documents (Appraisals, Proof of income, Assets, etc.) and ensure all is in compliance with the Bank’s Policies and lending guidelines, before submission to underwriting.
Coordinate with buyers, sellers, title companies, escrow agents, surveyors and real estate agents to obtain additional documentation, complete loan submissions and perform closings.
Worked with borrowers, appraisers, creditors and all other constituents to mediate conditions adversely affecting final approval
Ordered, Tracked and ensured follow-ups on receipt of appraisals, VOM, VOE and title commitments.

Skills
Extensive Knowledge in:

Operating systems/Mainframes: Windows 8/7/Vista/XP, Mac OS 9/ Mac OS X 10.0 and higher, Microsoft Exchange, DOS
Applications: Microsoft Access, word, Outlook, Excel, MS Office Suite 2003/2007/2010, Safari, Hogan, RDS, Remedy, CA service Desk Manager, BlackBerry Administration services, Fore scout Secure connector.
Strong technical aptitude, including excellent troubleshooting skills.
Ability to work in a face paced, dynamic environment.
Ability to interface with all levels of management
Excellent time managing, scheduling, and organizational skills
Ability to work well independently or in a team setting.
Attention to detail and experience with troubleshooting issues within the Microsoft office suite (Outlook, word, excel, PowerPoint, Access, Visio and Project), such as creating new PST files and installing software.
Experience with Help Desk Ticketing systems, such as remedy, Service Now and Heat.
Experience with remote tools to resolve user issues, such as LANDesk and Remote Desktop.
Experience with networking and internet technologies, such as internet explorer, Java, Citrix, VPN, 2 Factor Authentication, and Blackberry.
Experience with resolving Microsoft operating System issue, such as how to recover lost files.
General Knowledge of PC Hardware, networking, and a good working knowledge of Windows XP and Windows 7.
All Windows and Mac operating systems
Active Directory,
Citrix XenApp/Xen server,
Ghost/Symantec,
Blackberry/Androids/iDevices
MS Exchange servers,
McAfee/Norton suite,
Windows servers,
Cisco VIOP,
Mainframe,
Service Now
Remedy
Java
Heat
Lync
Adobe
Token/Security Keys
Exactimate
Simsol
SharePoint

Education
UMUC Estimated graduation year 2015
Computer Information and information science (Undergraduate).
Contact this candidate