Nelson Machado
*** *********** *** *******, ******* M6N-3K6
416-***-**** act21h@r.postjobfree.com

IT Professional

An IT office professional that is client service oriented. A sociable individual that can adjust to any office environment, and has proven to maintain efficient operability throuout. A very quick learner with a wide amount of operating system experience, including interconnectivity across all operating system platforms. Extremely knowledgeable and comfortable working with every, and all types of office hardware and devices. A person with the characteristics and ability to properly train or assist individuals or groups.

Summary of Qualifications

Administrative knowledge and experience with all operating systems, Server/workstation/mobile.
Knowledge and experience in Windows and Apple hardware: build maintenance, and repair.
Have administered and configured shared services: email, calendar, database, printer, A/V equipment, Internet access with special user access, guest, employee, exec.
Administration and control of all software licensing
Configuration and maintenance of VOIP systems, completed training course for SNOM system.
Organized and keeps detailed notes in ticketing system to improve knowledge base.
Very comfortable working with all levels of clients/staff, Executives, Vendors, Users, Managers, Equipment/Software representatives.
Completed Microsoft office suite course in school at 100%
Fluent in English and Spanish

Professional Experience

Independent IT Contractor Feb 2015 – June 2015
Sole Practitioner Law Office, Toronto
Was responsible for entire conversion of office network from Windows to Mac environment.
Setup and configured Mac server with user accounts, configured routing services, customised user access, Print and shared database access, complete database and workstation backup schedule, backup and migration of complete saved email database for different users.
Setup and configured all workstations, including 2 remaining Windows workstations to new network.
Acted as on call tech support for office after completion of network change until users were comfortable taking care of new network configuration.

Helpdesk, Systems Department Apr 2011 – Dec2014
Instaclick Inc., Toronto
Managed/maintained all office equipment for all hardware and software issues.
Managed employee access to network tools and services including Email, shared resources, website and internal services access.
Responsible for keeping track of inventory of all office equipment, and program/service licensing.
Gained experience and managed Mac OSX server and workstation, Active Directory, Windows all versions, VOIP, Wireless connection through networks for boardroom and general office visual aids.
Assisted in planning and implementation of network/security layout configuration and maintenance.
Provided recommendations, and implemented technical solutions to Executives needs.
Maintained solid reputation for personal and department wide ability.
Assisted in evaluation of companywide needs and budget figures for future planning.

Customer Service Representative July 2010- Mar 2011
Instaclick Inc., Toronto
Managed site client access.
Replied to clients questions/concerns via Email.
Ran audits for customer subscriptions.
Provided security and content evaluation for customer accounts to upkeep professional site reflection.

Account Manager Sept 2009 – May 2010
A1 Credit Recovery & Collection Services Inc., Toronto
Provided excellent service to clients and defaulted customers.
Kept up to date on product information to better assist collection tasks.
Professionally communicate with client when accounting errors occur.
Provide customer with detailed information about defaulted account.
Trained new employees on system use and laws to assure compliance on all calls. Was also willing and available at all times to assist new employees with any questions or problems

Ultra-Light Aircraft Assembly Technician Jan 2008 - Mar 2009
The Kitplane Builders, Mississauga
Assisted in building and repair of new and incoming client aircrafts.
Assisted in all aspects and components of aircraft building.
Participated in on and presented weekly/monthly training sessions.
Worked independently and in a group to meet deadlines while keeping extreme quality results that were approved by head technician.
Traveled and stayed for extended time in many locations to complete required aircraft finishes and testing.
Gained extensive knowledge, respect and love for aircraft maintenance and day to day aircraft operation.

Customer Support Advisor May, 2004 – Nov, 2006
Gateway Internet Solutions, Toronto
Managed customer VIP accounts.
Produced and implemented training documentation, reviewed results and assisted with improvement of first level customer support.
Supervised first level support through monitoring of chats, evaluation of emails, and analysis of testing.
Collection services, recovery of returned checks abiding by all laws and procedures.
Investigated claims of fraud using company procedures and personal problem solving skills, responsible for restricting fraudulent accounts access to services.

Education

College Diploma, Network & Internet Support Specialist 2003
CDI College/Toronto School of Business

Professional References

Available upon request
Contact this candidate