CRAIG T. BATTEY
Charlotte, NC actwv5@r.postjobfree.com Mobile: 704-***-****

PROFESSIONAL OBJECTIVE
To utilize and further develop my technical and managerial skills in order to effectively manage, support and continuously improve the organization’s IT infrastructure to bring about and deliver the highest level of service and positively impacting customer satisfaction.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

December 2015 to Present

Kforce Inc. (Consultant), Wells Fargo Charlotte, NC – Enhanced Contact Technology Business Systems Consultant / Analyst
Duties involve managing small to large corporate contact center technology and telecommunications infrastructure project initiatives, involving multiple technology disciplines and ensuring that project activities and deliverables meet deadlines.
Responsibilities include managing support teams and third party vendors and interfacing with the business units and executive management.
Responsible for providing project analytics, requirement documentation, assessments and statuses.

February 2007 to August 2015

IBM – GTS – Contact Center Shared Infrastructure (CCSI), Charlotte NC – Service Delivery Manager
Responsibilities include, being the Primary P.O.C. to both Customers and Support Teams for infrastructure related issues, incidents, outages and those duties involve managing those issues to resolution and the RCA process.
Functions also involve role of a Matrix Manager of Support Teams and 3rd party vendors supporting the CCSI infrastructure and as a Compliance Focal to the IBM Cross Competency Board to address organizational compliance and risk concerns and manage assets.
Responsibilities include Change Management and facilitation of the entire change process for all activities (disruptive and non- disruptive) impacting the CCSI infrastructure and its clients. Primary decision maker for approving or rejecting any relative change activity.
Duties also include evaluating, improving and creating internal, support and customer process, procedures and documentation.
Involvement with the invoking Business Continuity and Disaster Recovery plans to support customers, as well as business analyst responsibilities for assisting in the gathering of customer requirements for solution or infrastructure changes, upgrades & implementations.
Assumed the role of a project manager for small to medium sized initiatives and activities assisting the team’s lead project manager.

IBM – Global Process Services - Infrastructure, Charlotte, NC – Contact Center Technology Support Analyst
Responsibilities include planning, designing, implementing, documenting, deploying & supporting call flows and contact center solutions.
Assume the role a technical SME, business analyst and project manager as needed to internal/external customers on contact center matters.
Role includes heavy vendor management including incident management, act as liaison for the business and ensure requests meet SLA’s.
Involvement with Change Control, SME for Business Continuity and Disaster Recovery strategies and activities and well as responsible for creating, implementing and documenting procedures to effectively support all contact center technologies.
Primary agent for carrier procurement and provisioning, responsible for ensuring accurate budget & accounting allocations and compliance & security guidelines are met.

July 2006 to February 2007

COMSYS (Consultant), Bank of America Charlotte, NC – Solutions & Site Engineer
Responsible for testing and validating Telecommunications, CTI & VoIP initiatives in a lab environment for multiple site call centers ranging in size and back office areas using Cisco IP [7960] and Avaya IP [8720] platforms over a WAN, meeting corporate guidelines.
Site Engineering duties incorporate the function of a project manager and business analyst and is responsible for ensuring that implementations are completed in a timely manner, while adhering to corporate standard and guidelines.

July 2001 to July 2006

Group Health Inc., New York, NY – Telecommunications/Call Center Engineer
Responsible for the management, systems administration and support of a three-site, multiple platforms [Genesys Enterprise Solutions, Siemens Hicom 300 E], networked call center and the related peripherals including an Aspect 6.0.1 digital IVR and Mercom & Verint Ultra Select recording system. Support of D/R strategies. Other duties include administration of Blue Pumpkin and SYMON applications.
Duties include Project Management of Telecommunications and CTI projects enlisting and coordinating the involvement of all MIS areas (Networking, Desktop Applications Group, Programmers and Db Administrators) to provide IT deliverables in a timely fashion.
As a Technical Liaison, the role of Business Agent for Customer Service was often assumed, which required interfacing with Siebel Administrator, vendors and other IT personnel for implementation and support.
Telecommunications Engineer functions required for monitoring and support of corporate switches (Siemens Hicom 300 E)

November 2000 to June 2001

TD Waterhouse Investor Services, New York, NY – Senior Telecommunications Engineer
Responsibilities included installing, managing and providing technical support to Operations Analysts for Lucent PBXs, Intuity Audix Multi-media Messaging Systems, peripheral devices, and associated applications across a nationwide corporate network.

TD Waterhouse Investor Services, New York, NY – Senior Telecommunications Engineer (continued)
Project managed system and network level projects, which involved creating, directing personnel and implementing services and applications which involved multiple IT services and external vendors as needed to meet the needs of internal customers.
Assisted in the management of ACD applications for multi-location call centers that receive and distribute calls over an MCI virtual network, which employs MCI’s EVS routing, Lucent BSR (Best Service Routing) and look-ahead routing techniques.

February 1997 to November 2000

Chase Manhattan Bank, NA, New York, NY - Global Telecommunications Implementer

May 1991 to February 1997

Columbia University, New York, NY - Senior Telecommunications Network Analyst

Columbia University, New York, NY - PhoneMail Administrator

Columbia University, New York, NY - Senior Telecommunications Coordinator

Columbia University, New York, NY - Telecommunications Design Analyst

June 1988 to May 1991

Brooks Fashion Stores, Inc., New York, NY - Sr. Communications Analyst

Brooks Fashion Stores, Inc., New York, NY - Communications Analyst

ADDITIONAL SKILLS

Strong knowledge of Microsoft Office Suite (i.e. Word, Excel, Power Point, Visio, Project)
Practical Project Management, Business Analyst and Risk and Compliance experience.
Solid knowledge and practical experience in Call Center technologies (i.e. VoIP & SIP) and relative peripherals and Infrastructure support
Solid Knowledge of Carrier Services and Procurement, AT&T Route-It & AT&T Business Direct routing and reporting solutions
Solid Knowledge of Business and Process Flows as it applies to business and organizational technology
Familiar with the System Development Life Cycle and basic SQL knowledge and understanding of Relational Db concepts.

ACADEMIC BACKGROUND

New York University, School of Continuing Education, New York, NY – Received Certificate in Telecomm. Analysis
New York University, School of Continuing Ed. & Professional Studies, New York, NY – Certificate in Information Mgmt, In Progress
Borough of Manhattan Community College, New York, NY - Received A.A.S. Degree (Corp. & Cable Comm.)

PROFESSIONAL CERTIFICATES

ASPECT
Customer Self-Service System Administration Ver. 6.X, August 2004 – Aspect, San Jose, California

AVAYA
Intuity Audix Multimedia messaging Solutions Basic Administration (Release 5), December 2000 - AVAYA, Valhalla, New York

BLUE PUMPKIN
Blue Pumpkin Workforce Optimization Suite (Release 4), April 2004 – Blue Pumpkin, New York, New York

GENESYS
Framework Foundation & Deployment (Release 8.1), Received Genesys Certificate, April 2012 - Genesys, Daly City, California
Troubleshooting Workshop (Release 7.0), Received Genesys Certificate, November 2004 - Genesys, Daly City, California
Building Routing Strategies (Release 6.1), Received Genesys Certificate, September 2002 - Genesys, Daly City, California
Framework & Core Knowledge (Release 6.0), Received Genesys Certificate, December 2001 - Genesys, Daly City, California
Enterprise Routing Solutions (Release 6.0), Received Genesys Certificate, December 2001 - Genesys, Daly City, California

LUCENT TECHNOLOGIES
Definity ECS Vectoring with Expert Agent Selection (G3 Release 6), August 1998 - Lucent Technologies, Valhalla, New York
Definity ECS System Administration Basics (G3 Release 5), March 1998 - Lucent Technologies, Valhalla, New York

SIEMENS COMMUNICATIONS
Hicom 300H CS Advanced Administration Using HDMS Standard, Siemens Comm Certificate, March 2004 – Siemens, Irving, Texas
Contact this candidate