Joseph R. Jordan
PO Box *****
Memphis, TN. *****
901-***-****
acu943@r.postjobfree.com

Experience: NSCGLOBAL 08/06/2014 to Present
Atos IT Solutions and Services 07/2011 to 08/05/14

Siemens IT Solutions and Services (SIS) 08/2009 to 07/2011
Memphis, TN
IT Support Specialist
Assignment: Nike Footware (Winchester)
Troubleshoot computer equipment and resolve issues
Monitor Helpdesk ticket queue (Clarify, Alliance, Service Now)
Set up equipment for employee use, performing or ensuring proper installation of cables, operating systems, or appropriate software.
Install and perform minor repairs to hardware, software, or peripheral equipment, following design or installation specifications.
Maintain records of daily data communication transactions, problems and remedial actions taken, or installation activities.
Read technical manuals, confer with users, or conduct computer diagnostics to investigate and resolve problems or to provide technical assistance and support.
Refer major hardware or software problems or defective products to vendors or technicians for service.
Terminate connections of jacks to switch
Add/remove pc's/laptops from Active Directory

Kelly Services
Memphis, TN
Print Operator 07/2008 to 08/2009
Assignment: Nike Footware (Northridge)
Printed forms and reports for warehouse fulfillment on Cannon Image Runner printers.
Inventoried forms stock
Preventive Maintenance on all Thermal and Laser printers

Unemployed – 12/2007 to 07/07/08

Accredo Health Group Memphis, TN
Operations System Administrator (AS400) 02/2003 to 12/2007
Conferred with programmers and operated computers to test new and modified programs.
Assisted in programming changes/debugs of AS400 Warehouse System.
Revised input data and program to continue operation of program, using computer terminal.
Notified programming and maintenance personnel if unable to locate and correct cause of processing errors.
Designed and prepared SOP's for Operation Center.
Prepared/maintained Change Forms for approval to Change Management.

Promoted to Computer Operations Supervisor August 2005
Supervised, planned and coordinated activities of workers operating computers and peripheral equipment.
Assigned staff and scheduled work to facilitate production.
Directed training and personally trained workers to operate computers and peripheral equipment.
Provided direction and assistance to Computer Operations Staff.
Notified programming and maintenance personnel if unable to locate and correct cause of processing errors.
Revised operation schedule to adjust for delays, and notified workers of need to adjust schedule.
Interviewed and hired Computer Operations Staff.

Lead Computer Operator - February 2003
Assigned staff and scheduled work to facilitate production.
Directed training and personally trained workers to operate computers and peripheral equipment.
Conferred with programmers and operated computers to test new and modified programs.
Successfully managed a 12-person team in the move to a new computer room.
Read monitor and entered commands to help computer operators identify and correct errors.
Designed and prepared procedural documentation for Computer Operations.
Assisted analyst in planning and execution of Disaster Recovery testing.

Robert Half Technology Memphis, TN
Lead Computer Operator 11/2002 to 02/2003
Supervised, planned and coordinated activities of workers operating computers and peripheral equipment.
Assigned staff and scheduled work to facilitate production.
Conferred with programmers and operated computers to test new and modified programs.
Directed operation of computers to execute program and observed operation to detect program errors.
Read monitor and entered commands to help computer operators identify and correct errors.
Notified programming and maintenance personnel if unable to locate and correct cause of processing errors.
Consulted with supervisor about problems, such as equipment performance, output quality and maintenance schedules.
Demonstrated effective leadership and encouraged team concepts.
Directed and managed staff of 6 full-time employees.
Assisted subordinates and supervisors in identifying and resolving problems.

Troll Communications, LLC Memphis, TN
Lead Computer Operator 10/1993 to 11/2002
Supervised, planned and coordinated activities of workers operating
computers and peripheral equipment.
Assigned staff and scheduled work to facilitate production.
Conferred with programmers and operated computers to test new and
modified programs and new forms.
Directed operation of computers to execute program and observed
operation to detect program errors.
Assisted warehouse in fulfillment
Printed forms and reports for warehouse fulfillment on NCR Cold and hot
fusion printers.

Education: Shawnee State University Portsmouth, OH
Associates of Applied Business Administration 1989
Contact this candidate