Stephen P. Onstott, ITIL
Arvada, CO ***** 303-***-**** acx1j2@r.postjobfree.com
https://www.linkedin.com/in/steve-onstott-itl-77597a53
IT Desktop Support Specialist
Multifaceted technical career with 10-year track record of computer hardware and software maintenance
Highly skilled Enterprise IT Technical Support Analyst with proven track record analyzing problems, then designing and implementing solutions. In-depth expertise maintaining network and PC operating systems including technical advice, guidance, informal training, troubleshooting and restoring service and equipment. Recommend procedures and controls for problem prevention. Perform necessary diagnostic and corrective actions for hardware and software problems. Comprehensive knowledge managing Corporate LAN, database management, and maintenance of telephone, copying and personal communications equipment. Excellent communication, interpersonal, troubleshooting and prioritization skills, successfully handle multiple projects simultaneously. Collaborate cross-functionally to ensure all corporate personnel are trained on equipment. Work well independently and as team member, in diverse environments and under pressure.
Core Competencies:
Deskside/Laptop Equipment
Installation/Service
Device Support (printers, scanners, AV, medical devices)
Electronic Mail Solutions
Intel Based Environment
Windows O/S current and
legacy
Microsoft Office Suite

MS Project / MS Visio
Windows Environment Support
in a Large PC Environment
Network WAN/LAN (DHCP,DNS,IP,WINS,GPO,TCP/IP)
Cisco VoIP/Analog Phone Systems
Active Directory
Troubleshoot Remote Connectivity LANDesk, Aruba, Aruba Vi, Citrix and VPN
System Backup and Monitoring
Project Management
Process Improvement
Strategic/Analytical Thinker
Root Cause Analysis
Data and Technical Analyses
CRM (Customer Relationship Management)

Professional Experience
SCL HEALTH, CO. 2003 - 2016
Identity Access Management, 2014 – 2016
Managed RBAC/SOD project from beginning through completion. Analyzed database for errors and duplicate information in last six months.
Cleansed and inspected specific data information for organizations’ IT security data base prior to migrating data to Aveksa (IAM) platform
IT Project Manager for Implementation of Phase I (RBAC) Role Base Access Controls and (SoD) Separation of Duties for Aveksa (IAM) platform.
Identified and drove process improvement solutions to increase accuracy, compliance, efficiency, timeliness and customer service for Access Management.
Managed review and analysis of reporting data and audit results, to identify patterns, trends or issues that require follow-up and resolution.
Analyst II Service Delivery, 2012 – 2014
Responsible for delivering operational technology services as well as infrastructure administration and support. Resolved numerous project issues involving failed application processes, led task force to resolve technical and application problems.
Communicated changes and corrective actions in non-technical terms between different clinical departments and (STSC) Systems and Technology Service Center.
Produced Epic Go-Live printer roll-out project management process for four major hospitals and surrounding clinics.
Supervised process for printing specifically related to Epic acute and ambulatory care information systems.
Oversaw deployment of printer moves, setup of clinical departments, end users and print testing of all clinical and non-clinical application
Performed technical analyses to underlying problems with connectivity issues major hospital, applying practice of root cause analyses to identify key points of failure, determine best methods necessary to resolve issue, then report findings to appropriate departments to ensure problem was resolved.
GOOD SAMARITAN MEDICAL CENTER, Lafayette, CO 2003 - 2012
Desktop Support Supervisor, 2006 - 2012
Provided in-depth technical support on wide range of technologies such as desktop computing and client applications, telecommunications, and data networking. Resolved assigned support call records within agreed upon service levels. Subject matter expert and escalation point for team.
Provided support service to physicians, nurses and office support staff.
Performed customer service management functions including supervising staff of computer technicians.
Interviewed job candidates, reported and tracked time and attendance, evaluated staff performance, scheduled resources for service requests, repair and maintenance.
Collaborated with department manager developing both capital and operational budgets that effectively utilized resources.
Ability to communicate effectively both verbally and in writing
Tracked operational budgets and identified issues that could jeopardize best business practices.
Liaison between site operations leadership and IT department
Member, Environmental Care Committee, Clinical and Support Leadership Committee.
Project lead coordinator, assigned task to IST personnel for small and mid-level projects.
Controlled order flow of inventory and distribution of repair parts and equipment for all on site projects.
Desktop Support Technician, 2003 – 2006
Primarily responsible for providing support services, maintenance and repair for desktop and laptop computers in large network environment.
Support services included printers, scanners and variety of medical equipment.
Supported Windows Enterprise applications.
Configured and supported Cisco VoIP phone system.
Managed trouble tickets in Heat Ticketing System and assigned jobs to desktop support staff.
Prior Professional Experience includes Technical Support Specialist for Travel by Dana, LLC and Owner/Operator at Wheat Ridge Auto Parts, Ltd.
Education and Credentials
Associate of Applied Science in Network Technology
Westwood College of Technology, Denver, CO.
Graduated with Honors, Dean’s List of Scholastic Excellence
Certifications
Project Management Certificate Program, Colorado State University, Denver, CO., Coursework Completed
ITIL® Version 3 Foundation, New Horizons Computer Learning Centers, Greenwood Village, CO.
Professional Development
Microsoft Windows Desktop Operating Systems Support Microsoft Applications Support and Troubleshoot
CompTIA A+ Certificate, Operating Systems and Core Hardware, 3rd Edition
New Horizons Computer Learning Centers, Broomfield, CO.
Contact this candidate