TI M O T H Y RA M A E K E RS

**** ** **** ***** *** D Portland, OR 971-***-**** acxb76@r.postjobfree.com

IT SPECIALIST ADMINISTRATION IT SPECIALIST
Graphic design Systems Administration Customer Support

Experienced IT professional and graphic artist with experience working with clients and customers to assess their needs. Thorough knowledge of products and services and is committed to providing quality products and services. Communicates information to effectively taking into account the audience and nature of the information through clear and convincing oral presentations. Identifies problems, determines accuracy, and relevance of information while using sound judgment to generate and evaluate alternatives and to make recommendations.

Server Monitoring & Maintenance Construction & Maintenance
PC & Laptop Repair
Semiconductor Tools Complete Project Lifecycle
Active Directory
Relocating Manufacturing Sites Protocol & Safety Procedures
Website Development
Project Management HVAC Boilers Steam
Magazine Design

Possesses knowledge of principles, methods, and practices for integrating information system components. Plans, coordinates, and administers computer systems while configuring and interfacing hardware and software programs with operating systems. Applies methods and practices for troubleshooting, recovering, adjusting, modifying, and improving systems to solve complex problems and provide support that minimizes interruptions in service to customers.

P R O F E S S I O N A L E X P E R I E N C E

Providence Health & Services, Portland, OR June 2016 to Present
IS Costumer Support Specialist Contractor
Building and deploying computers for Windows 7 deployment project.
Using SCCM to compare old machines for proper configuration and installation of software on the new replacement machine.
Reimaging machines with USB windows 7 image.
Submitting tickets to the proper department for license install and correct OU configuration.
Working with costumers for onsite deployment of the new PC’s.
Traveling to different sites for computer replacement.
Replacing and swapping out old PC’s with new PC’s.
Configuring printers for newly deployed PC’s.
Configuring auto-log in and user accounts for deployed PC.
Configuring i7 windows machines for break/fix replacement PC’s.
Using Active Directory to identify user profiles for updating PDT Lite.
Using Active Directory to identify and update any user password information.
Contacted users over phone and through email to confirm correct software configuration.

TOK America, Hillsboro, OR Sep. 2012- April 2016
Network Administrator IT Department
Investigate and diagnose network problems while collecting IT usage stats and making recommendations for improving IT systems.
Execute routine configuration and installation of IT solutions while facilitating discussions and consensus among various project stakeholders such as analysts, application programmer and clients.
Coordinate work with all vendor, contractors and consultants to maintain and enhance data security while writing code, testing and debugging software applications.
Configured, set up and maintained all laptops and desktop computers for new and existing users.
Set up new users and computers in Active Directory under the correct OU.
Maintained and monitored servers, configured users within the domain, set up new users with all necessary software, hardware, email accounts and all peripheral equipment such as cell phones, tablets and printers.
Maintained and troubleshot all local and network printers, label printers and handheld scanners.
Set up each new user with Lotus notes email account.
Disabled email accounts of terminated employees and forwarded all email to corresponding manager.
Assisted facilities department with set up of all monitoring systems for HVAC and Air scrubbers.
Wrote and updated S.O.P.s for Wonderware manufacturing system and IT department procedures.
Monitored and maintained Windows servers running Microsoft Server 2008r2 and 2012r2.
Set up IPhone and IPads for users daily use.
Set up tablets with Windows 10 for use on the network.
Configured user with Microsoft office Suite.
Assisted users in California, Texas and New York over the phone and through remote desktop for troubleshooting their PC.
Placed orders with vendors for new laptops, desktops and tablets.
Shipped PCs and laptops out to vendor for repair.
Performed hardware upgrades on laptops and PCs.
Tested compatibility of manufacturing software with Windows, recorded process and updated documentation for system processes.
Maintained, tested and installed wired and wireless Ethernet capabilities within the building.
Reduced monthly vendor costs by 50 percent.
Supervisor: Ravi Moudgil:
Phone #971-***-****

Cascade Microtech, Beaverton, OR March 2006-June 2009
Cleanroom technician II
Planned and developed new facility needs by coordinating repairs and routine maintenance on facilities and equipment.
Observed work and monitored gauges, dials and other indicators to minimize facility impacts to production. Processed substrates for photolithography process for semiconductor probes.
Collaborated with other supervisors and managers to coordinate operations and activities within the department.
Supervisor: Lenoir Rubio
Phone #503-***-****

E D U C A T I O N & C E R T I F I C A T I O N

AAS GRAPHIC DESIGN, Mount Hood Community College (Troutdale Oregon), 2010-2012
High School Diploma, Tigard High School (Tigard Oregon), 1989-1992
Certificate in Administering windows server 2012, Installing and configuring windows server 2012 New Horizons Computer Learning Center (Portland, Oregon), 2014-2015

OTHER PROFICIENCIES

I am proficient in the Windows XP, 7, 8.1 and 10 operating systems. I also have experience in using MAC with a year of troubleshooting the MAC OS and have a very good understanding of Windows Server 2012R2 and Windows Server 2008R2. I am very proficient in using the Adobe
Creative Suite, Windows Office, Office Scan Antivirus software, IBM
Lotus Notes, Active Directory, Regedit, VEEAM backup and recovery, Veeam One monitoring software and Wonderware Manufacturing System.

MILITARY SERVICE

US ARMY 82nd Airborne Division, Ft. Bragg NC. March 1994-June 1996-Honorable Discharge
References:
Name
Employer
Title
Phone
Email
Eli Welch TOK America
Facilities and
Maintenance
503-443-
8964
acxb76@r.postjobfree.com
Cheri Huffman TOK America
Human Resources Manager
503-691-
7711
acxb76@r.postjobfree.com
Dave Johnson
Providence Health & Services
Technical Support Specialist
360-***-****
acxb76@r.postjobfree.com
Joe Mullins
Safety Northwest LLC
Owner
503-709-
7129
acxb76@r.postjobfree.com
Contact this candidate