Luis Cortes
Lincoln, CA *****, 916-***-****, acy1u1@r.postjobfree.com

QUALIFICATIONS: Desktop Support Specialist with 10+ year’s experience working with various enterprise technologies.

** ***** of troubleshooting hardware, software installation and configuration experience, PC & Server systems.
6 years’ experience helpdesk support and direct end user support.
10 years’ experience in configuring TCP/IP, DHCP, DNS, HTTP/HTTPS, and FTP/SFTP/FTPS
5 years’ experience of Active Directory, Group Policy settings.
5 years’ experience of Windows Server 2008 File sharing.
5 years’ experience of using Windows Server 2003/2008/2012 OS.
2 years’ experience of IT Security, LAN/WAN administration, VPNs, Exchange Server (2003/2010), Antivirus/Antispam/Web Filtering.
10 years’ experience working with Microsoft Windows Operating System (Windows XP/7/8.1/10) installation and configuration.
10 years’ experience using Microsoft Office suite (2003/2007/2010/2013), 2 yrs of Microsoft Office365 for Business, and 5 years’ experience using Google Apps Administrator for Business Email, 5 years Adobe software and Apps, anti-virus programs, & troubleshooting.
6 years’ experience using Logmein Central, 6 years’ experience Teamviewer, and 4 years using VNC remote software.
8 years’ experience of computer inventory like Dell & HP servers, desktops, laptops, network switches (Cisco), routers, and wireless access point (Cisco, Netgear).
8 years setup and troubleshoot all types of end user devices such as computers, laptops, VOIP phones, desk phones, mobile devices, printers and scanners
3 years of Client system full backup of system imaging and restore of the computer software.
Bilingual (Spanish/English)
1 year experience basic Microsoft Encryption File System (EFS) knowledge of encryption usage.
Strong analyzing, diagnostic and troubleshooting skills. Excellent communication skills.
Accept responsibility, show determination, flexible, and to meet deadlines.
Experience supporting a broad array of mobile devices (Android and iOS)
6 years’ Experience in making network cables like Cat 5E, to CAT 6A, installing and mounting computers, monitors, and pulling cable.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Gap from February 2016-present due to being a full time student and actively seeking full time employment

Operation Specialist/IT, (Telemundo 33)Serestar Communications – Sacramento, CA
From February 1, 2015- January 4, 2016
Manage Master Control for the TV station Telemundo 33 in Sacramento.
Managed Microsoft Office365 emails, security using GPO settings, and system administrator
Project: Completed the installation, configure, and troubleshoot the new phone system VoIP project when company had moved into new building.
On Windows server 2008 configure file sharing using Active Directory, and GPO.
Manage all software updates on Windows server 2008 from Windows critical updates to Anti-virus software.
Repair or replace existing computers, laptops, printers, and any network system like switches, & wireless access points.
Implement VLAN settings to reduce bandwidth speed problems to critical systems from users systems. Place critical servers, routers, TV receiver equipment on a separate subnet and user systems, printers, and other devices on a different subnet.

IT Administrator, Adelante Media Group – Sacramento, Ca.
From October 1, 2009- February 1, 2015
Provide technical support locally and remotely by phone to clients to 23 radio stations in 8 locations across 5 states.
Using the WAN network using Windows Server 2008 create a domain to manage users and computer permission.
Migrate users and computers to a domain using Windows Server 2008 R8
Had configured and deployed Windows server 2008 to several locations for the company to better control users and computers through Active Directory and Group Policy(GPO).
Security Administrator – Successfully upgraded Symantec antivirus products to the current Symantec Endpoint Protection Manager.
Also remotely log into clients workstations to troubleshoot, install, and help configure whatever was requested by user. Using the following VM software Logmein, and Teamviewer, as well as VNC.
Manage Active Directory by creating user accounts, resetting passwords, join a computer to the domain.
Managed File sharing permissions, emails, security, and schedule daily and weekly backup of critical files.
Repair or replace existing computers, laptops, printers, and any network system like switches, & wireless access points.
Manage Active Directory, Group Policy(GPO), and other network security protocols.

Production Technician, CV Logistics – Roseville, CA
From June 1, 2006- June 30, 2009
Repair or replace existing computers, laptops, printers, and any network system like switches, & wireless access points.

EDUCATION

Completed Bachelor of Science in Information Technology – Univ. of Phoenix – Sacramento CA 2016
Completed Associate Degree in Applied Sciences in Computer Technology 2001
Completed Associate Degree in Applied Sciences in Electronics 1991

Professional Experience with the following computer programs:

TCP/IP
Windows XP
Windows 7 Professional
DNCP
Windows 2000
Microsoft Office Suite
DNS
Windows Vista
MS Internet Explorer
DOS
Windows Server 2000/2003/2008
Anti-Virus programs
Office365
Microsoft Windows 10
Active Directory
Group Policy
6 years Google for Business Email and Apps
Google Chrome
Windows 8.1
MAC 2 years troubleshooting
Dropbox
Contact this candidate