Quanesha Green
*** ******** *****
404-***-****
Smyrna, GA 30082

Summary
* ***** ** ********** *********** Technology experience with focusing in hospital EMR. I have exceptional organizational and listening skills. I Functioned in the role of a 1:1 instructor providing elbow-to elbow support, Go-Live trainer and consultant for clinical documentation.

5 Years’ experience supporting EMR
Super-user trainer at most locations
Successfully completed 4 Epic and 7 EMR Go-lives
Epicare (CPOE)
Epic EMR (Clinical Documentation)
Epic Ambulatory
Computerized Provider Order Entry (CPOE)
Provider Order Management (POM)
Exceptional interpersonal skills
Clinical implementation trainer/ help desk/ go-live support
Proficient in Microsoft Word, PowerPoint, Excel, Publisher, PRISM, Open Vista,

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Upenn Health Oct-Nov 2016
Epic Trainer
Support Nursing staff in the PACU & Surgical unit
Trained end-user how to add an remove LDA
Assisted clients on how to utilize their bed planner as well as their unit census, Unit manager, transfer patients to other units, place orders etc
Support nursing an MA staff with flowsheets, orders, and charge capture etc
Educated and assists the physicians on how to document encounters, manage their In-basket, orders, preference list and efficient use of the Smart sets.
Provided support for entire clinical staff

Prime Health Sept-Oct 2016
Epic Trainer
Provided ATE support in ICU
Assisted end-users on how to utilize their bed planner as well as their unit census, Unit manager, transfer patients to other units, place orders etc
Provided support for Physicians, Nurses, Techs, Unit secretaries

NYU Lutheran Aug-Sept 2016
Epic Trainer
-Dental Registration
Support front desk scheduling/Registration
Assisted End-users with Cadence
Assisted end-uses with assigned work queues

-School Health
Assisted MA with registration, scheduling an uploading patient insurance information
Scanned in patient documents and complete Guarantors information
Schedule follow-up appointments
Assisted NP & Social Workers how to set up and utilize smart tools – smart text, smart phrase.
Educates and assists the physicians on how to document encounters, manage their In-basket, orders, preference list and efficient use of the Smart sets.

Wellstar AMC April 2016
Epic Trainer
Supported ATE for AMB Internal Medicine clinic
Provided ATE with Cadence {scheduling, canceling appts}
Supported CPOE and ClinDoc
Assisted the clinicians to set up and utilize smart tools – smart text, smart phrase

MD ANDERSON Feb-March 2016
LEAD- Epic Trainer
Zone lead over Oncology & Infusion Clinic

KUMC {Kansas City} Sep-Oct 2015
Epic Trainer
Provided ATE support in the Infusion Therapy clinic
Provided ATE with Cadence {scheduling using the snapboard, canceling appts}
Assisted the clinicians to set up and utilize smart tools – smart text, smart phrase

Sutter Medical Center August- Sep 2015
LEAD- Epic Trainer
Provided ATE support in Neuro ICU
Assisted clients on how to utilize their bed planner as well as their unit census, Unit manager, transfer patients to other units, place orders etc
Support Hemodialysis with flowsheets, orders, and charge capture etc
Provided support for entire clinical staff

Nyu Langone Seaport Orthopedics July 2015
Epic Trainer
Supported ATE for Pain management AMB clinic
Educated and assists the physicians on how to document encounters, manage their in basket, orders, preference list and efficient use of the Smart sets., Smart Tools an Smart Phrases

Brookside Community Health June 2015
Epic Trainer
Supported ATE for AMB clinic
Family Practice, GYN, Dental, Family Services
Assisted the clinicians to set up and utilize smart tools – smart text, smart phrase.
Educates and assists the physicians on how to document encounters, manage their In-basket, orders, preference list and efficient use of the Smart sets.

Riverside Methodist Hospital April-May 2015
Epic Trainer
Provided floor support for Physicians, Nurse, MA, Unit Clerk
Supported Inpatient CPOE and CLINDOC
Trained end-user on Admission, Transfer, Discharge, Medication Reconciliation and Order Entry process etc

Presbyterian Hospital Feb-March 2015
LEAD- Epic Trainer
Trained an provided floor support for the whole 4Th floor
General Medsurg 1 & 2, Intermediate Care unit 1 & 2, Adult Intensive care unit 1 & 2
Provided support for Physicians, Nurses, Techs, Unit secretaries

Sutter Amador Jan-Feb 2015
LEAD- Epic Inpatient
•Provided ATE support with PT, OT, SPEECH AN SWALLOW Therapist
•Assisted with Snapboard, Charge Capture, Smart phrases, Scheduling patients, Orders etc
•Provided ATE support with Physicians an Nurse in MEDSURG an ICU
•Trained end users in all areas: Admission, Transfer, Discharge, Re-admit, Med Rec etc

University Of North Carolina April-2014
Epic Trainer
Provided support on Epic Modules such as INPT, CPOE, and Clindoc.
One-on-one support throughout completion of go-live
Assist with training and support to medical providers and staff nurses
Assist in all areas such as: Admission, Transfer, Discharge, Medication Reconciliation and Order Entry process etc.

Sutter California Pacific Davies Campus
Epic Support OCT-Nov 2013

Provided ATE Nurses/Unit clerk support in ICU & TICU
Supported Inpatient ClinDoc
Assisted clients on how to utilize their bed planner as well as their unit census

Henry Ford Hospital June-July 2013
Epic Support
Provided ATE Physician Support
Supported Ambulatory CPOE and ClinDoc
Assisted the clinicians to set up and utilize smart tools – smart text, smart phrase.

Mt Sinai Clinic March-Apr 2013
Epic Support Specialist
Worked alongside Medical Assistants in GYN clinic to induce a smooth transition from previous mode of charting to Computerized Electronic Charting
Carefully troubleshoot inadvertent charting errors by clinicians and explained proper workflow to minimize future errors
Helped : in placing Med orders, ClinDoc, rounding navigator through EpicCare

Parkview Regional Medical Center Jan – Feb 2013
Epic go-live support
Responsible for providing support to clinical staff in an outpatient surgery setting.
Interactively communicated proper workflow procedures to facilitate charting process
Introduced and demonstrated benefits of Computerized Physician Order Entry
Efficiently and Accurately located potential problems to help create enhancement requests

UCHealth Cincinnati, OH Oct – Nov 2012
Epic go-live support
Provided elbow support to all clinicians on the floor (Physicians and Cancer Center)
Adept knowledge and understanding of EPIC ClinDoc functionality and workflows
Provided end user solutions for all phases of care for inpatient documentation enabling transition from training experience to patient care on medical units within the hospital.
Efficiently supports clinicians to navigate through their clinical workflow on the hyperspace.
Proactively troubleshoots workflow issues and reports any technical issue and other issues to command center
Assisted the clinicians to set up and utilize smart tools – smart text, smart phrase.
Educates and assists the physicians on how to document encounters, manage their In-basket, orders, preference list and efficient use of the Smart sets.

North Carolina Winston Salem, NC Sept - Oct 2012
Go-live Trainer
Worked Inpatient Modules at the Hospital.
Worked Helpdesk, and also answered question regarding troubleshooting and Tech support.
Ensured that tickets that were put it were route and queued to the right department.

University of Alabama Birmingham, AL July - August 2012
Implementation Trainer
I train ATE, supporting nurses and secretary front desk.
Helped facilitate a smooth transition to an EMR System.
Honed my skills as a consultant by emphasizing the effects of Interpersonal Communication in an organization such as UAB. The aspects of Cerner that were taught were PowerChart

Bethesda North Hospital Cincinnati,OH June 2012
Phone support/command center
Provided support in the command center, and ensured that tickets were routed and queued to the right department.
Phone support, Technical support, Troubleshooting, Enhancement requests.
Supported Inpatient/outpatient environment to facilitate the implementation of the EMR systems.
Provided optimal service to clinical staff and physicians.

University of San Francisco San Francisco, CA May- June 2012
Epic Trainer
Ensured support to clinical, and hospital staff, and physicians.
Supported Ambulatory and Cadence Modules.
Helped with physician’s schedules and patient appointments.
Helped the facility to quickly and easily schedule any type of procedure or appointment from anywhere in the facility.

Shady Grove Adventist Hospital Dec 2011
Cerner Go-Live Support,
Provided floor to floor, elbow to elbow support to health care providers during Go-Live.
Provided client training for large multi-facility client using Cerner’s PowerChart, Orders issues. Helped implement FirstNet (ED) and show clinicians how to use the track board

Florida Hospital Orlando, FL Nov 2011
Consultant/Super User
EMR Activation Consultant in PowerChart, PCO,
PowerForm, PowerNote, PowerOrder, Clinical and Nursing Documentation,
ESM/ERM, SurgiNet, FirstNet, PharmNet, CPOE, CareNet, PathNet, RadNet, Security

Park Nicollet Health Services, Minnesota. Oct – Nov 2011
Epic Clinical Implementation Trainer
Provided training and go-live support at Park Nicollet Health Systems.
Provided go-live support for Ambulatory staff in ASAP, Ambulatory and Cadence Modules.
I assisted Nurses in the clinical area. Support for Ambulatory and assisted in resolving charting and workflow issues.

Mount Sinai Med. Center, New York, NY Jan – June 2011
Epic Clinical Implementation Trainer

Assignments include CPOE classroom training for physicians, Nurses, BA’s and social workers.
Additional training in Clinical documentation and classes on Mount Sinai interim workflows.
Provided support with IT preparation team.
Validated passwords and checked connectivity of computer workstations for go-live.
Assisted nurses and doctors in various departments during go-live.

San Gabriel Valley Medical Hospital Dec 2008 - March 2009
EMR Activation Consultant in Cerner Power Chart Implemented Nursing power plans and flow sheets and documentation
PowerChart, PowerNote, and Registration.

EDUCATION
Georgia State University
Major: Information Technology, Health informatics, PCT
LICENSE /CERTIFICATONS
SKILLS
Certificate in Cerner Millennium
Credential Trainer in ClinDoc
Contact this candidate