LUTHER ARNOLD
**** ****** ******* ****
Katy, Texas 77449
281-***-****
ad00pi@r.postjobfree.com

PROFESSIONAL HIGHLIGHTS
Change Management
Vendor Management
IT Procurement & Budgeting
Staff Training & Development
End-User Satisfaction
Security & HIPAA Compliance
Infrastructure & Operations
Project Management
Cybersecurity Management
IT Infrastructure Support
Cost Control/Elimination
System Administration

Dynamic IT professional with an excellent track record of managing multifaceted projects and programs dramatically increasing speed, efficiency, and cost-effectiveness of advanced services and operations supporting up to 250+ users.

Drove seamless execution of parallel healthcare projects via strategic prioritization and coordination. Capitalized on user experiences and satisfaction through implementation and enforcement of solid customer-focus. Solved most challenging technical problems that arose by devising groundbreaking and alternative solutions.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
IT Technical Analyst 10/2015 – Present
Nobilis Healthcare/First Surgical Hospital - Houston, TX Nobilis Health Corp, a recognized healthcare leader and marketing innovator that provides high-yield procedures in the rapidly expanding, minimally invasive, elective surgery market.
Key Results:
Deployed desktop/laptop hardware support, operating systems support, as well as supporting the Office 365/Azure Suite applications installed on each computer through Microsoft SCCM/Intune and Windows 10/11 deployment.
Led hospital’s EHR implementation of Centriq system. Designed and launched “pre-load” training clinics, optimized training documentation prior to go-live and designed custom modifications to accommodate special needs.
Set up secured Wi-Fi, LAN and VPN networks for remote end users, leading client/server configuration and performance-tuning of crucial infrastructure to ensure seamless business operations within a Cisco Meraki platform.
Centralized and initial point of contact for purchasing of all desktops, laptops, monitors and other related peripherals. Places order(s) according to company standards. Provides initial training to end-users on purchased equipment.
Overseen HIPAA compliance protocols that promoted a culture of privacy and confidentiality within the hospital and facilitated cybersecurity training through ESET Cybersecurity Awareness to various staff members at the First Surgical facility.
Partnered with Tier II and external vendor helpdesk peers based in the US, to resolve complex problems that required escalation. Provided detailed descriptions of issues in trouble ticket system and followed up diligently to ensure swift resolutions.
Maintained direct relationships with various external suppliers and evaluates pricing options on all purchases and leases to ensure pricing is competitive.
Created and maintained user account profiles and passwords in Active Directory, ensured company-wide security throughout the First Surgical Hospital environment by implementing network protocols such as Multi-Factor Authentication, ESET and Trend Micro Maximum Security software.
Managed Help Desk system ticket queue and/or received phone calls directly from internal staff to coordinate support activities and update incidents, service requests, and tasks accordingly.
Liaised with clients and vendors to resolve day-to-day problems and made process changes through effective communication and phenomenal customer service skills.
Researched, evaluated technology solutions and presented recommendations to improve system operations.

Desk Support Engineer (Part-Time) 11/2018 - 12/2019
Daikin Manufacturing Company - Houston, TX
Daikin is a leading innovator and worldwide provider of advanced, high-quality air conditioning and heating solutions for residential, commercial and industrial applications.

Key Results:
Provided superb customer service and technical support throughout the business office, in addition to issues that arose in the warehouse.
Supported desktops, laptops, Chrome tablets, iPads and printers via hands on support and remotely using TeamViewer and by phone.
Maintained Windows 7, 8 and 10 Operating Systems, in addition to Microsoft office 365 products and various other software platforms Citrix, Cisco, Sophos and more.
Worked closely with end-users and engineers daily to ensure maximum efficiency and up time regarding production lines and software support.
Developed documentation for team members and end-users based off reoccurring issues within the manufacturing environment.
Interacted with Lenovo, Dell, HP vendors on warranty claims to replace hardware as needed.
Kept detailed inventory of assets and communicated directly to the IT Manager.

IT Technical Analyst 11/2014- 10/2015 NCS Multistage, LLC - Houston, TX NCS Multistage, LLC is among the most respected engineering, procurement, and construction companies in the world.
Key Results:
Administered Active Directory users/groups, domain computers, password resets, exchange mailbox creation/management, group policies and software development.
Troubleshooted various client issues, ranging from network connectivity problems to software installation issues on a wide variety of devices.
Performed other project coordination, administrative and supportive duties for the IT Manager in reference to the organization’s ERP system.
Kept current documentation with emerging technologies and ensured implementation of industry best practices in systems administration and made recommendations regarding upgrades, acquisition and disposal.
Established and maintained effective working relationships, work independently and demonstrate initiative.
Managed internal and external technology requests for video conferencing, department meetings, and webcasting that NCS initiated with developers, contractors, consultants and officials in reference to industry ventures.
Monitored all open tickets to ensure closure to the established/committed response and resolution times through BMC Track-IT ticketing system.
Generated end-of-day, weekly, monthly, quarterly, and yearly service level monitoring and measurements as a certified ITIL Foundations liaison.
Moved products and other materials to and from storage, production areas, loading docks, delivery vehicles, ships, and containers, by hand or using trucks, tractors, and other equipment.

Executive Desktop Engineer 2/2011- 11/2014 Bechtel Corporation - Houston, TX Bechtel is among the most respected engineering, procurement, and construction companies in the world.
Key Results:
Troubleshoot issues as 1st & 2nd level support for desktop and enterprise applications, local/networking printing, e-mail, connectivity, remote access, and hardware issues.
Performed onsite analysis, diagnosis, and resolution of complex desktop problems for end users, and recommended and implemented corrective solutions, including offsite repair for remote users as needed.
Collaborated with LAN technicians/network administrators to ensure efficient operation of the company’s desktop computing environment.
Organized videoconferences and net-meetings for projects, external clients, and the local office.
Assessed the need for and implemented performance upgrades to PC peripherals, including the installation of CPUs, I/O and NIC cards, hard disks, SATA cables, hard drives, RAM, memory chips, and so on
Supported special projects, such as office computer equipment moves, repair/maintenance of printers and PCs, installation and configuration of desktops and laptops.
Examined shipment contents and compared with records such as manifests, invoices, or orders to verify accuracy.
Assisted internal and external end-users with using video conferencing services that pertained to creating and managing conferences on the bridging systems, trying to get into scheduled conferences, and producing statistics and user guides on the performance of the video conferencing system.

IT Desktop Engineer 6/2009- 2/2011
Beechnut Academy - Houston, TX
Beechnut Academy is a Discipline Alternative Education Program that serves disruptive students to be removed from public schools but would remain within the education system for grades 6-12.
Key Results:
Observed system-processing activities by observing computer console, peripherals, input, and output to ensure maximum throughput of data.
Responsible for all employee id creation and distribution train all new and current employees on the usage of company computers, office equipment, usage of our private network, and databases.
Monitored data communications network activity, diagnosing problems, and assisting remote terminal and micro users.
Maintained and administered computer networks and related computing environments, including computer hardware, systems software, applications software, and all configurations.
Functioned as the engineering resource in CSR, designing, writing and implementing various customizations as well as APIs for integrations with 3rd party vendors.

EDUCATION & CERTIFICATES
Colorado State University— Greenville, CO
Master of Science-Information Systems Management, August 2015
DeVry University — Houston, TX
Bachelor of Science (BS) in Technical Business Management, October 2012
Vatterott College — St. Louis, MO
Associate of Science (AS) in Computer Technology and Networking, October 2009
ITIL Foundations (2015) - Houston, TX
CompTIA A+ (2019) – Houston, TX
HIPAA Security (2022) - Houston, TX
Contact this candidate