Saeedeh Tavakoli Phone: 650-***-****
Email: ad0b4w@r.postjobfree.com
Summary
I’m currently seeking to further my career in the field of information technology. The ideal position for me would be working as a senior desktop support specialist in a mid-size to large organization. I have more than ten years of experience working as a helpdesk, network and computer technician, with an excellent track record in configuring, maintaining and troubleshooting systems and supporting end users. Professional Summary
Client Services:
● Supported Mac OS X, Windows, iOS and Android systems.
● System Deployments: Initial Setups, system imaging, data recovery, licensing.
● Set up user accounts (Office 365, G-suit, AD, Carbonite, iCloud, Drop box, etc).
● Provided onsite and remote users support in a fast-paced environment.
● Managed and tracked trouble requests in ticketing systems. Systems and Network Infrastructure
● Implemented and supported IP networks (switches, routers and wireless access points).
● Configured and managed DNS, DHCP, WDS, WSUS, Certificate and Active Directory servers.
● Supported servers, backup systems, URL filtering and intrusion prevention and detection systems.
● Daily operations and regular maintenance of various network and infrastructure systems. Career Overview
Help Desk Support WWTS (Conduent), Oct 2021 - Present
Set up and supported clients’ systems on site and remotely, including operating system and application installation, configuration, troubleshooting, repair and maintenance.
Backed up, restored users’ data, repaired and upgraded computers’ hardware, software and OS.
Created and managed users and computers objects on the Active Directory server
Set up and configured network Printers.
Installed and configured patch panel, routers, switches and wireless access points. Help Desk Support Frontrow Networks, Apr 2017 - Oct 2021
Supported users and systems onsite and remotely.
Set up and configured Mac OS X, Windows XP, 7 and 10 and productivity applications.
Created and managed users’ knowledge base portal.
Set up and configured mobile devices (iPad, iPhone and android phones).
Set up and configured the DNS, DHCP, WSUS, WDS and Active Directory servers. Saya Tavakoli Page 2
Computer and Network Technician Asiatech Co, 2013 - 2017
Installed and configured Windows 7,10 operating systems and applications.
Performed preventive maintenance, backup and data restore.
Set up new users and computers on Microsoft Active directory and cloud accounts.
Set up network printers, scanners and network attached storage systems.
Installed and configured patch panel, routers, switches and wireless access points. IT Support Specialist Rayan Segal Asia co (Abbaspour University), 2010 - 2013
Member of the IT support team in 600+ users across multiple buildings on the college campus.
Operating system, hardware and software installation, support and maintenance.
Installed patch panels, wireless access points, routers, switches and network attached storage units.
Set up new offices and classrooms (cabling, LAN, wireless, etc.)
Assisted the system and network administrators during the maintenance and disaster recovery incidents. Education & Training
BS, Computer Hardware
Azad University
Certifications and Training Courses:
Windows Server 2022, VMware, CompTIA A+, Network+, Security+
Contact this candidate