FELIPE HENRIQUEZ BELTRE
ROGERS, ARKANSAS
308-***-****
FELIPE_HENRIQUEZ@YAHOO, COM

Skills Summary
IT Technical Support / Sales/POS. is seeking a fulltime position in a reputable organization, in which the personal abilities I poses, can assist with the implementation of innovative ideas, creativity, and skills for this developed firm. To add creativity and resourceful working to achieve the corporation success, as well as the success for myself as a valuable representative.

Professional Summary

Direct Tech Support Experience Bilingual (English & Spanish). Experience over includes, help desk, sales, tech support /Remote access, CRM’s, P.O.S, Active Directory Hardware/Software, Citrix Systems, Networking (Windows support and Mac) troubleshooting, and supporting software and hardware systems and phones including VoIP, CRM to keep track of all customer info. Strong attention to detail and able to write clear and concise explanations for technical and nontechnical users.

Smart Tech Solutions AUG- 2021 / SEP - 2023
Vp of Operations /Hybrid (Marketing, Design, Advertisement)

Computer, Phone, Tablet Troubleshot and Hardware Repair, Maintenance
Graphics Design, Logo, Website, Menu, Custom advertisements templates
Security camera installation, Upgrade, Troubleshot and Diagnostic, Maintenance
Wires and Repair and upgrade and repair
Client follow-up call, text to ensure repair updates on daily basis.
Website design, Update and Upgrades
Restaurant Digital Menu, Including QR codes & Usb with Client Digital Contents
Videography, Fontography Sessions and Edit with software’s (Final Cut Pro, PS, Lightroom)

RENT TO OWN
Assistant Manager DEC - 2019 / JAN - 2021
Ensuring accurate store cash control.
Maintaining accurate inventory control,
Ensuring customer information is accurate and verified prior to releasing merchandise to customers for rental,
Ensuring proper management of customer accounts in regard to renewal dates,
Assisting with customer retention and collection efforts as needed,
Working with account representatives to ensure healthy cycling of clients,
Supervising and ensuring employee engagement through motivation,
Ensuring proper scheduling of store employees to maximize performance and efficiency,
Ensuring the store merchandise, displays, and electronics are rotated, clean, attractive, and organized,
Ensuring all paperwork and reporting is in accordance with company procedures,
Responding to emails and requests in a timely, courteous, and professional manner,
Ensuring all vehicles are in proper working condition through daily visual inspections,
Hiring and training new employees as needed,
Performing evaluations on all store employees,
Safeguarding all confidential information of the company,


MY VISION EXPRESS
TECH REMOTE ACCESS / CLOUD. DEC- 2015 / DEC- 2019

Provided remote desktop support through a centralized server.
Determined technical and functional errors.
Updated patches on P2P applications and updated business applications via established remote desktop connection
Designed training manuals and training programs for new employees
Analyze cloud issues from technical standpoint before reporting and suggesting actions to management.
Managed system implementation with appropriate technical personnel
Performed inspections to ensure validated approved and necessary changes were incorporated

TEKsystems
POS Helpdesk Support. MAY -2012 / DEC- 2015
POS Help desk/Implementation Support
POS Hardware/Software
Networking (standard Windows support)
Implementations support, go-live escalations (Help desk and Vendor), i
Issue resolution, root cause analysis (non-code),
Issue tracking, and knowledge base
Useful experience to be able to perform this job includes process development, knowledge base documentation, and QSR/Retail Systems.
Interacting with Release Coordinators (the Project Coordinator), the problem/triage coordinator, FWH Help desk, POS vendors and help desk as well as Franchisees.

Inbound Call Experts
Advance Tech Support JAN -2009 / APR- 2012

Software, sales, support for various applications such as Microsoft Windows operating systems including XP, Vista, Windows 7, Windows 8, 8.1, MS apps Microsoft office 360, including, Excel, Word, PowerPoint.
Data entry, answer account holder inbound calls and assisting with any client pc issue.
Use of Remote Assistance and Active Directory to assist clients remotely.
Follow up on support and fixes in order, to determine effective resolutions.
Maintain, add and update Client information via CRM (Customer Relationship Management)
Remote access to Client PC to Troubleshooting PC to ensure fix.
Sale & Support for the following Anti-virus apps (Kaspersky, Panda, AVG, Norton)
Maintain Firewall security updated to prevent intruders as well as viruses.
Educate Clients on new products, sales, updates and solutions for previous tickets.

EDUCATION
Miami Dade Community College, FL
a.College Credits
Homestead High School Diploma
b.General
Contact this candidate