GERALD MILLER

Professional Summary
Articulate instructor offering 10-year background teaching computer principles to students at various levels. Motivating and encouraging educator with excellent knowledge of computer hardware and software and solid program presentation skills. Innovative IT Support Specialist with experience in selecting and setting up diverse technical equipment. Strong written and oral communication skills resulting in knowledgeable, satisfied customers. Excellent instructional and problem-solving skills that reduce concerns related to new technology.

Work Experience
Parkway Grand Apartments – Leasing Agent
Decatur, GA
3/2023 - Present
Recording and updating details of prospective and existing landlords and tenants into computer database swiftly.
Examining properties and informing maintenance staff of issues.
Advertising available properties and conducting property tours as part of marketing activities.
Screening prospective tenants to ensure they meet eligibility requirements.
Completing lease applications and assisting with verification of application information.
Informing prospective tenants of results.
Inspecting properties when tenants take occupation and vacate.
Liaising with tenants to provide information and address their complaints and concerns.
Maintaining and storing documentation effectively.
Accepting rent payments, security deposits and other applicable fees.

Contracting work and Laid off due to Covid-19
Georgia
2020 – 2022

Lady Liberty Charter School - Assistant Computer Teacher
Newark, N. J.
10/2017 - 03/2020
Trained and developed 30+ students' skills in database programs.
Taught correct hand placement for typing and basic computer skills.
Attended professional development technology courses to increase knowledge base and learn new information.
Tested and evaluated student progress to determine effectiveness and impact of teaching methods, materials and projects.
Atos/Catalent Pharmaceutical Solutions - Information Technology Network Field Technician
Allendale, N. J.
04/2011 - 08/2017
Improved overall user experience through support, training, troubleshooting, improvements and communication of system changes.
Set up hardware and software in optimal configurations to meet network performance requirements.
Designed and evaluated WAN and LAN connectivity technologies.
Provided over 50 staff with security software and network configuration support.
Newark Public Schools - Customer Support Specialist / Sr. Desktop Technician
Newark, N. J.
03/1990 - 08/2009
Installed switches, routers, and patch panels
Managed end-user accounts and permissions, overseeing correct provisioning of access rights in accordance with security best practices and Newark Public Schools policies.
Identified negative hardware performance trends and common issues afflicting systems, reporting findings for remediation.
Planned and installed software and hardware upgrades for network servers, gateways, and associated telecommunications devices
Provided and directed recommendations to infrastructure managers, responsible for reviewing and verifying data validation and integrity
Troubleshot chronic maintenance issues and services request from end-users, and correct network related issues for network of 80 schools and approximately 4000 + users
Maintained database of network-related emerging technologies and evaluated vendor products for potential use within network.

ad0ydk@r.postjobfree.com

973-***-****

Covington, Georgia 30016
Skills
Troubleshooting Network Issues
System Performance Assessment
Microsoft Windows and Office
Collaborative Team Player
Help Desk Support
Customer Communication and Empathy
User Experience

Education
2015
Essex County College
Newark, NJ
Information Technology
Completed professional development in Microsoft Office software applications
1983
Central High School
Newark, N.J.
Diploma
Additional Information
Sr. Desktop Technician • I.T. Based Customer Service Support • Active Directory Proficient in all Microsoft Office Suite Programs • Cisco router configuration (novice) ATM (Asynchronous Transfer Mode) • LAN/WAN Administration Operating Systems Windows XP, 7, NT, Vista, ME, 2007, 10, 365 • Microsoft Exchange Server Administration Computer/Peripherals Equipment Maintenance • TCP/IP • MS Visio • MS Project • Granite Xing Sun Ultra Workstations • Dell Workstations • MAC Computers/ Laptops • Patch Panels

.
Contact this candidate