Duc Do
Contact: 832-***-**** ad1bqx@r.postjobfree.com ***3 Fresno Dr Houston, TX 77083.
SUMARY
IT Specialist with over 20+ years experience in Information Technology with wide variety functions specialize in networking, operating system software, trouble shoot both hardware and software.
Electronic Technician: DB Schenker Logistics: 2021-2023
Supported, repaired, reprogramed, upgraded CISCO Products such as
Servers, Switches, Routers, Monitors, Wireless Access Point, Telecommunications, IP Phones etc.

Crystal Pawn Shop: 2017 – 12-2019
Offers secured loans to customers, with items of personal property used as collateral.
Provide short-term loans to customers in exchange for valuable items such as jewelry, electronics, tools, and musical instrument.
Opened and closed location and monitored shift changes to uphold successful operations strategies and maximize business success.
Achieved substantial results by using market expertise and business knowledge.
Maintained financial accuracy and revenue each day.
Maintained store equipment, including servers, computers, printers and fax machines.
Enhanced and redefined organizational structure to maintain company's competitive edge across territories.

IT Support Specialist: Diverse Energy System: 2015 - 2017
Helped streamline repair processes and update procedures for support action consistency.
Uploaded new software rolled out updates and applied patches to all servers upon release to thwart and threats from penetrating networks.
Responded to support requests from end users and patiently walked individuals through basic troubleshooting tasks.
Removed malware, ransomware and other threats from Servers, laptops and desktop systems.
Provided solutions to operations issues for users of workstations and all the software, working closely via phone, email, live chat and web teleconference with end users.
Assessed system hardware and software and suggested modifications to reduce lag time and improve overall speed.
Executed various techniques, including software and hardware users to maintain servers and systems keeping networks fully operational during peak periods.
Monitored systems in operation and input commands to troubleshoot areas such as hardware and software.
Patched software and installed new versions to eliminate security problems and protect data.
Removed and replaced malfunctioning components to correct hardware problems.
Configured hardware, devices and software to set up work stations for employees.

IT Manager: ITS Engineering Systems Inc.: 2005 - 2015
Diagnosed and repaired hardware problems with various Desktops, Laptops and oil&gas, water equipment.
Maintained existing IT systems and framework, communication equipment such as telephones, timeclocks, wireless hubs or routers and identified areas for needed upgrades.
Conducted scheduled maintenance, and installed recommended updates to comply with latest software release requirements.
Installed and configured Microsoft, Autocad, Cadworx software and related HP server equipment.
Performed network maintenance on servers, workstations, printers and Local Area Network (LAN).
Demonstrated high-level working knowledge of Windows-based programs such as Microsoft Windows Networking NT-2010 active directory user maintenance and support, Windows 7's, Windows 10's, Office 97-2010, Microsoft Outlooks for emails.
Led server infrastructure development, quality assurance, staging, and production systems.
Implemented, developed and tested installation and update of email server, file servers, print servers and application servers in all departments.

Self-Employed - Sokyo Computer: 1993 - 2004

Sales and Services hardware and software networking, demonstrated professionalism and courtesy with customers while working to resolve complaints, problems or respond to questions.
Responded to support requests from end users and patiently walked individuals through basic troubleshooting tasks.
Delivered technical sales presentations to prospects and presented benefits and value of insurance products.
Removed malware, ransomware and other threats from laptops and desktop systems.
Assessed system hardware and software and suggested modifications to reduce lag time and improve overall speed.
Followed up with clients to ensure optimal customer satisfaction following support engagement and problem resolution.
Documented all transactions and support interactions in system for future reference and addition to knowledge base.
Patched software and installed new versions to eliminate security problems and protect data.
Removed and replaced malfunctioning components to correct hardware problems.
Configured hardware, repair and maintenance printers, devices and software to set up work stations for employees.

Senior Test Engineer: Compaq Computers Corporation: 1986 - 1991

Designed new mother board prototype, trouble shoot new pc boards. debugs, reworks.
Analyzed and managed software patches and versions necessary for successful operating system upgrades.
Maintained computer systems, installed, and upgraded new systems as needed.
Worked effectively in both independent and team environments to exceed IT goals.
Worked with various departments and vendors on integrating new processes for software and manual usage.
Effectively communicated with other system engineering personnel and senior executives on joint projects.
Setup new and reconfigured reused workstation desktop or laptop for new employee.
Debugged code and located root causes of problems by reviewing configuration files and logs.
Directed off-site teams completing new products and tests to support successful product development stages and releases.
Fixed problems issues effectively using knowledge and skill, increasing productivity and boosting workflows.
Gathered data on integration issues and vulnerabilities and reported all findings, including improvement recommendations.
Tracked, prioritized and organized defects with the designs, working with development team to facilitate timely corrections.
Identified and tracked defects with the products and supported developers in resolving problems by completing additional tests.

Education:
1985 – 1987 Houston Community College

1989 – 1991 Associate of Applied Science: Electronic Technology
Video Technical Institute – Houston, TX

1983 – 1985 High School Diploma
Katy High School – Katy, TX
Contact this candidate