Centilus Buchanan
Saint Louis, Mo 314-***-**** ad1hnt@r.postjobfree.com

SKILLS & Certifications
Skills: Microsoft Office (Word, Excel) SQL Java, C++, JavaScript VM Ware ServiceNow Communication Collaboration Time Management Leadership Adaptability TeamWork Active Listening
Certifications:
Udemy Linux Administration, IT Support Skills
IT Support Specialist Professional Certificate, IT Automation with Python Professional Certificate
Comp TIA ITF+ Certification

WORK EXPERIENCE

Npower St. Louis, Mo
Technical Support Specialist (Internship) - September 2023 – Present

Proficiently managed incoming requests, effectively documenting issues and requests via the Zendesk ticketing system.
Successfully operated in a remote work environment, utilizing remote tools to address technical issues and requests under the guidance of leadership.
Quickly adapted to and supported essential applications and services relevant to the community, providing education and assistance to requesters.
Conducted in-depth issue research at the helpdesk and authored comprehensive knowledge articles outlining challenges and their resolutions.
Developed and oversaw Knowledge Base Articles to ensure thorough documentation and troubleshooting resources.
Facilitated technology workshops that enhanced community outreach and engagement efforts.
Implemented agile methodologies for project management.

Color Coded Kids St. Louis, Mo
Software Engineer Instructor- June 2021 – Present

●Developed a streamlined learning planning guide that promoted classroom interaction by 20%
●Develop and deliver interactive instructional materials.
●Provide guidance and mentoring to students.
●Facilitate hands-on coding exercises and projects.
●Stay up to date with current trends and technologies in software engineering.
●Collaborate with other instructors and staff to improve the curriculum.
●Manage classroom environment and ensure a positive learning experience.

Launch Code St. Louis, Mo
Teaching Assistant (Contract) May 2023 – Present

Teaching Assistant for an Accelerated Part-time Web Development Coding Session.
Provided weekly one-on-one sessions with students to help them understand the concepts of web development and real-world applications to solve industry-level cases while utilizing cutting-edge technology.
Assisted in peer-to-peer programming studios to teach the learners real-world coding collaboration.
The coding methodologies used are React, Java, JavaScript, HTML, and CSS.
The IDEs used were Visual Studio Code, IntelliJ and Replit.

Vero Skills St. Louis, Mo
Software Engineering Tutor (Freelance Contract) December 2022 – Present

Provide Industry-level software development tutoring services to partnering companies.
Languages tutored in:
Java,
C++,
JavaScript,
Html and CSS

Bayer (Merge IT) St. Louis, Mo
Customer Engineer (Contract) November 2021 - June 2022
●Provided Executive level support increasing customer satisfaction rate by 20%
●Maintained knowledge base and procedure documentation.
●Managed workstation configuration and audio and video set up for global conference room meetings.
●Managed active directory and password reset configuration.
●Developed and maintained asset logs for company equipment.
●Served as a liaison with other teams to ensure the prompt completion of tickets including opened, aging, past due, escalation of tickets increasing productivity by 70%
●Assisted in the delivery and setup of company laptops, phones, tablets and desktop computers.
●Responded to incoming requests via ServiceNow tickets que.
●Respond to users regarding equipment recovery tasks (EQRs)
●Communicated with manufacturers regarding warranty repair.
●Recycled and retired equipment following industry best practices.
●Implemented inventory controls and related asset management processes to ensure proper management and accurate data pertaining to Bayer assets.

University of Missouri Saint Louis St. Louis, Mo
Student Worker June 2018 - August 2020
●Managed customer relations between students and university staff members.
●Increased customer satisfaction by 10% while maintaining proper ethical standards.
●Assisted in event coordination and interior decoration.
●Ensured cleanliness and followed the safety guidelines established by the University.

National Urban League - St. Louis, MO
Student Worker May 2008 – June 2013
●Participated in the Urban League School to Business Program to actively engage with level high-level professionals and learn the ins and outs of corporate employment.
●Participated in the assigned job role to learn about time, money management, and team collaboration.
●Awarded School to Business certificates with partnering companies of Boeing and AT&T..
Internships and Volunteer Work

OneKin St. Louis, Mo
Quality Assurance Analyst-Apprenticeship December 2022 - Present

Monitored customer satisfaction ratings within the application's customer feedback portal.
Researched application improvement strategies for senior-level developers.
Reviewed use cases for upcoming features for the application during the postproduction phase.
Software Used: Test-Flight, Developer, and official Apple Application distribution platform.

Influence Church St. Louis, Mo
Audio and Video Production Engineer-Apprenticeship October 2022 - Present
Provided technical support to campus-wide church services.
Collaborated in audio and video equipment installation.
Provided in-house support and troubleshooting for programs such as ProPresenter, Adobe Suite, and Microsoft Suite.
Provided stagehand presence equipment set up and audio and video recordings for live services.

University of Missouri-Saint Louis St. Louis, Mo
Software Engineer Mentor November2019 -June 2022

Coached in business processes and problem-solving fundamentals to guide the use of industry lead programming languages such as HTML, JavaScript, CSS, and Java.
Increased awareness of business collaboration and project planning within the mentees.
Awarded mentoring certificate by the University of Missouri Saint Louis Women’s Hackathon
Committee for outstanding volunteer mentor work.

Clayco St. Louis, Mo
Information Technology Intern- June 2019 – July 2019
●Studied cloud computing and data management. Experienced daily troubleshooting methodologies of the Information Technology department to solve real-world problems.
●Expanded knowledge of the use of servers and national data systems for clients and contractors.

Rhymes & Reasons St. Louis, Mo
Business Development Manager August 2016 – November 2021

●Managed digital media presence and product distribution to increase sales by 10% annually. Helped manage new client relations and increase presence across the Saint Louis area. Increased sales by
●20% during weekly market fairs.
●Implemented a more robust digital system for clientele tracking.
●Provided IT support for Printers, Mobile Devices, and company computer systems in person and remotely.
●Executed plans for computer systems, resulting in data management.
●Managed Enterprise software such as Microsoft Suite and Google Suite
●Operating Systems Supported Mac OS and Windows, XP,7,10,11.
●Provided local and online storage support for business files and crucial data.
●Provided Virus protection and Malware tracking and monitoring for data integrity.
●Provided troubleshooting networked computer system environments and peripheral devices.

EDUCATION

Harvard University Cambridge, MA
Information Systems (Edx Skills Program) October 2023

Npower St. Louis, Mo
Information Systems August 2020

IT concepts and Terminology: Illustrated the basics of computing and processing.
Infrastructure: Explain the purpose of standard internal computing components and basic networking concepts
Applications and Software: Explain the purpose and proper use of software and methods of application architecture.
Software Development: Compared and contrasted programming language categories.
Database Fundamentals: Explained database concepts and the purpose of a database.
Security: Explain methods to secure devices and best practices

University of Missouri St. Louis, Mo
Information Systems Business Administration August 2020
Contact this candidate