William Saylor
Crofton, Maryland, United States
ad1n0g@r.postjobfree.com
linkedin.com/in/william-saylor-447aa3150
Experience
IT Support Specialist
Vitesse Systems
Oct 2022 - Present (1 year 1 month)
-Indepth knowledge on common Software, Hardware, and Applications
-Analytical and problem solving skills to troubleshoot and diagnose problems
-Observation Skills to recognize signs of potential problems
-Answering user questions and keeping them updated on services and requests
-Updating and monitoring drivers to keep onsite and remote systems working properly Personal Trainer
Freelance
May 2019 - Present (4 years 6 months)
As a personal trainer, sharing my knowledge and drive towards fitness is why clients usually approach me for personal training. When taking on a client I like to structure a designated plan short term, and long term. These plans include weight, diet/macro, going in depth on ideal water intake, sleep, different recommendations of supplements, stretches, lifting routines, and more. These plans are very client to client base, which I usually like to do a hour evaluation before taking on a client. I work with 10-20 clients on a weekly basis, while keeping record of their data/progress and adapting programs when needed.
Warehouse Manager
HMSweeny
Jul 2020 - Sep 2022 (2 years 3 months)
Some of my responsibilities while acting warehouse manager was creating a structured day to day work environment for customers/vendors, coworkers, and my self. This involved documenting upcoming customers, inventory, scheduled deliveries on a day to day basis. During my time as manager I helped create a system that is still used today, this reduced wait times for deliveries, and customers/vendors in store. As well as creating a accurate count/knowledge on inventory. 2D/3D Modeling Class Assistant
AACC Animation Club
Aug 2017 - Mar 2020 (2 years 8 months)
In this position I worked with the 2D and 3D software to help teach basic fundamentals of animation. For 2D I taught how to use software like TVpaint, and how to structure frames/use basic animation fundamentals. For 3D, I taught how to 3D model, and rig using software like Unity, and Maya. This expanded into game design which required using OOP to create playable games using models created William Saylor - page 1
in class, I primarily used C#. These models expanded into 3D printing as well. For 3D printing we would model everything in class, then create molds to create resin casts of the model outside of the class. Generator Mechanic
US Army
Sep 2014 - May 2017 (2 years 9 months)
Generator Mechanic/Paratrooper for 1st Special Forces,GSB(Group Support Battalion) During my time in service, I was assigned my own generator bay to oversee, this entailed keeping record and documenting status's, and changes to any generator assigned to 1SFG. I would use primarily Microsoft Office for my day to day to help with organization, as well as creating training tutorials for new soldiers'. This job required a aptitude for basic mechanics and how to read technical manuals and troubleshoot equipment.
Education
Anne Arundel Community College
Associate's degree, Computer Science
2016 - 2018
Licenses & Certifications
Python Quick Start - LinkedIn
Windows Server 2022: Implementing Group Policy - LinkedIn Windows Server 2022: Installation and Configuration - LinkedIn Windows Server 2022 First Look - LinkedIn
Windows Server 2022 Essential Training - LinkedIn
Linux Foundation Cert Prep: Essential Commands (Ubuntu) - LinkedIn Troubleshooting Common PC Issues for Users - LinkedIn Getting Started with Network Administration - LinkedIn Skills
VLAN • NIST • SharePoint • Remote Desktop • Ticketing Systems • Virtual Private Network (VPN) • Help Desk Support • Photocopiers • Test Planning • Training Material William Saylor - page 2
Contact this candidate