GBENGA AKANDE
IT SUPPORT SPECIALIST

425-***-**** PUYALLUP, WA ad1sns@r.postjobfree.com Linkedin.com/in/gbengaakande

PROFILE SUMMARY
Reliable Professional with hands-on project experience both in on-premises and Azure cloud environments. Holds five years of work experience in IT Support Engineering and one in Cloud Support—a proven self-starter with a demonstrated ability to complete tasks on a team and individually.

TECHNICAL STACK

SOFTWARE Cisco IOS Command Line Interface (CLI), Cisco network device configuration, PuTTy, Wireshark, Service Now, Salesforce, Duo, Imprivata, Genesys, route tracing, netstat, SCCM, Active Directory, password managers, note takers, text editors, G-Suite, GitHub, Azure ARM.

SKILLS Azure Cloud, Virtual Network, Azure Cloud Administration, Cloud Diagnosis, Virtual Machines, Desktop Support, Help Desk, NOC, Network Devices, Network Protocols, OSI Model, Troubleshooting

ACHIEVEMENT
Quick mastery of organization’s operation and technology, resulting in me mentoring new hires.
Consistent five stars ratings from customers.
Consistent positive comments from customers.
Consistent SLA/KPI success.

EXPERIENCE
Cloud Support Engineer – Virtual Machine June 2021 - Current
Mindtree, Bellevue, WA
Deploy, Configure, and Maintain Compute on Azure Cloud.
Troubleshoot Azure-related issues and engage internal teams and vendors for issue resolutions.
Assist in incident management, including problem resolution and tracking problems.
Managed and executed the forward schedule of change for changes which are both approved and documented
Troubleshooting and performance maintenance of virtual and physical servers in several geographically dispersed hosted data centers.
Maintain a good knowledge of IT technologies and developments
Provide proactive communication to the customer base for broad-scale service affecting problems
Provide fast value-add responses to inbound tickets from customers, acknowledging receipt and providing next steps to the customer through both written and verbal channels
Utilize monitoring tools to proactively identify problems with systems, applications, and networks.
Manages customer cases to meet service-level agreements (SLAs) and service-level-objective (SLOs) by tracking Initial Response time, First Day Resolution, etc.
Create different flavors of Azure Elastic Storage depending on the customer’s need.
Troubleshoot and maintain Elastic Storage similar to EMC using apt KB, followed up with adequate documentation.

IT Support Specialist Sept. 2019 – Oct. 2021
Tech Mahindra, Plano, TX
Evaluates users’ problems and implement resolution at the first call consistently.
Follows up with clients to ensure optimal customer satisfaction within the SLA timeframe.
Worked with the software development team by communicating errors and bugs on applications and assisted in the deployment of released fixes.
Leveraged ServiceNow as a robust tool for tracking and managing user requests.
Managed call flow and responded to technical support needs of customers excellently.
Remained current on the latest technologies and solutions applicable to company products via constant training leading best support to end-users.
Demonstrated professionalism and courtesy with all customers, including the difficult ones.
Documented all support interactions in the system for future reference.
Network Support Engineer (Freelance) Jan. 2017 –
Field Nation LLC, Frisco, TX
Demonstrates strong analytical and troubleshooting skills in resolving IT issues.
Configures, manages, and evaluates multi-protocol network elements for effective end-to-end communications.
Applied deployment best practices and proper security protocols in network management.
Implements WAN and LAN designs in multiple locations with configurations.
Engages in decommissioning, consolidating, and migrating activities associated with Production Network and equipment.
Maintains company servers, computers, printers, cables, and other equipment.
Mastery of the Network Cabling and Access Points Installation.
Provides detailed technical documentation, including network diagrams, process flow charts, and procedural guidelines.

EDUCATION

NexGenT Intensive 12-week military-grade engineering program
Full Stack Network Engineer Student

North Lake College, TX Robust program in CCNA and CCNP
Cisco Network Academy Student

FUNAAB, NG Mechanical Engineering
B.Eng. In Mechanical Engineering

University of Lagos, NG Design and Production
MSc. In Mechanical Engineering

CERTIFICATIONS/TRAINING

Linux Fundamentals Training Certificate
Cisco Certified Network Associate (CCNA)
NexGenT Full Stack Network Associate
Contact this candidate