Mike Kansa

Folsom, California *****
(***) ***- 0812
ad1vrs@r.postjobfree.com

Professional Summary
To obtain a position that will utilize my skills and experience in Information Technology
Support and Management.

Education
Bachelor of Science: Computer Information Systems (BSCIS)
Certifications
Microsoft Certified Systems Engineer (MCSE),
Microsoft Certified Professional (MCP)
ITIL V3 certified,
PACS Administrator, Siemens PACS Picture Archiving and communicating System, Erlangen, Germany.
A+ Certified
Dell Client Foundation Services 1000, and 2000 Certification

Work:
Infosys, IT Lead support Specialist, Solidigm Technology 11/08/2021- present
Communicates with conviction, uses simple words and is proficient in relaying information and is confident to share own point of view in team meeting.
Provide a full range of assistance and help to system and equipment users in role of help desk expert.
Analyze and/or resolve hardware, software and applications problems for network and stand-alone.
Able to prioritize tasks of different relative importance in own area of work based on understanding of criticalities and interdependencies in the project.
Assist in preparation of user's onboarding, and offboarding procedures and documentation.
Diagnose and troubleshoot technical issues, including account setup and network configuration.
Track computer system issues through to resolution, meeting SLAs within priority time limits
Good understanding of computer systems, mobile devices, and other tech products
Excellent problem-solving and communication skills
Ability to provide step-by-step technical help, both written and verbal
• Good knowledge of basic PC hardware, printer, scanner, networking, IP and configure,
deploy, set up, and repair Operating Systems, Client Networking, PCs mouse, keyboards, KVM switches, laser/label printers and other PC peripherals. installation such as RAM, SSD, Keyboard for Laptop.
Using service now as an IT ticketing system to log on, update, and track the work tasks and incidents.
CompuCom, Field service engineer, California, 06/15/2020- 11/05/2021

Provided break-fix onsite client location (Lowes Home improvement Stores), POS systems, Components and peripherals, desktops, Electronic Alert Systems, (Loss Prevention) laptops, servers, and printers as in assigned route,
performed preventive maintenance, on Receipt printers, Scan guns, and Card readers, and provided each client’s location and department service.
Maintains good customer focus with People skills that are needed to interact with a wide range of users, environments and meeting deadlines and service level agreements (SLAs)

Dell Field Service Engineer, Break Fix, 02/10/2020- 03/25/2020.
With effective communication and customer service skills, install, repair, calibrate and maintain Dell Desktops, Laptops in a manner which minimizes equipment down time.
Excellent troubleshooting ability with strong diagnostic and problem solving, analytical and Communication skills,
Capable of multi-tasking, highly reliable, self-motivated, target and deadline driven
Meticulous, ability to pay attention to the minute details of a project or task.
Ability to demonstrate excellent verbal and written communication skills Demonstrate ability to manage multiple tasks.

Desktop Support Specialist, Self Employed, 08/2016, to 12/2019
Assist Clients regarding all facets of end-user computing which includes software/hardware, and printers, configures, installs, monitors, and maintains IT users' desktop software and hardware, supports mobile workforce.
Overall knowledge of all Windows based operating systems including Windows 7, and Windows10.
Provides consultation to IT users for all aspects of end-user computing and desktop-based LAN systems software.
Director IT healthcare informatics, Aspetar Qatar Orthopedic and Sports Medicine Hospital. 06/13/2006-05/31/2016
Advanced to senior systems and Team Leader role to provide IT leadership for Athletes and Sport Technology infrastructure located in 43 Sports Clubs and Federations in Qatar.
Certified Technology professional with over 18 years of experience in gathering and managing enterprise implementations of Information applications and EMR systems.
Team Lead Desktop Support, Al-Ahli Hospital, Doha QATAR, 05/22/2004 to 05/30/2006.

Rolled out and setup all Desktops, Laptops, Printers, and scanners for the startup of the Hospital Health care System.
• Hands-on hardware troubleshooting experience.
• Excellent technical knowledge of PC and desktop hardware and components.
Analytical and problem-solving abilities.

IT Field Service Technician –County of Sacramento 03/ 23/ 2003- 03/18/ 2004

Respond to high call demand and assist with installation, setup, and maintenance of workstations to include workstation hardware components, Break Fix, Desktops Printers, Scanners and other related equipment’s and base operating systems, networking, and software environments.
Assist with troubleshooting workstation and environmental problems and complete customers’ transaction.
Support server systems Network, and operating system and shared services perspective.
Assist systems administrative team members in providing overall environment support.
References

Available upon request
Contact this candidate