Jonathan Williams
IT Support Specialist

Address Fort Worth, Texas, 76177
Phone 817-***-****
E-mail ad26wk@r.postjobfree.com

LinkedIn www.linkedin.com/in/jonathan-williams2022

To say a little about myself I would describe myself as a highly motivated self-starter who is passionate about Cybersecurity! I love the challenge of learning new things because the technology world is always evolving. My strongest skills are being able to communicate effectively, having a great attitude and being dependable. Attending SMU Cybersecurity Boot Camp, paired with my current IT support position I continue to receive hands-on training in networking, web technologies, databases, and defensive and offensive cybersecurity. I have learned methods, techniques, and best practices for accurately conveying the severity of the risks facing an organization's security posture.

Skills

Operating system management

Mobile device management

Technical issues analysis

Kali Linux, Metasploit, Nessus, Burp Suite, Wireshark

M356, Windows, Linux, Active Directory

Technical Support

Work History

Dec 2022 - Current
IT Support Specialist
City Of Bedford, Bedford, TX
• Resolving IT support requests from employees, currently solved over 750 tickets.
• Gained experience with Cisco and Aruba switches, Palo Alto firewalls. Microsoft Intune, 365 applications and Azure Active Directory.
• Gathering and analyzing data to diagnose problems with computer systems, network and security issues
• Changing configurations, settings and permissions to fix computer issues.
• Generating sign ins for new hires during onboarding process.
• Installing new software and hardware and updating existing ones as needed.
• Updating employees of status of their service requests.
• Logging all service requests and updating tickets as needed.

Jan 2013 - Dec 2022
Emergency Communications Supervisor
City Of Irving, Irving, TX
Acted as a team leader in group projects, delegating tasks and providing feedback.
Ensured the operational readiness of equipment related to the 911 emergency telephone system, user and affiliated agency radio systems, and the department computer-aided dispatch system (CAD). Makes minor repairs to communication systems, analyzes problems, and made referrals to appropriate sources of service.
Learned and adapted quickly to new technology and software applications.
Gained strong leadership skills by managing projects from start to finish.
Assisted dispatchers with difficult and complex calls and dispatches, serves as the technical expert over complaint-taking and dispatching operations, conducted quality assurance reviews of calls and dispatches, and operated a telephone and radio console to respond to a variety of emergency and non-emergency services and complaints when needed.
Won dispatcher of the year, promoted 4 times.

Education

Oct 2020 - Current
University of Phoenix - Fort Worth, TX
Pursuing bachelor’s degree at Western Governor’s University.

Certifications

Oct 2023
Security+ ce Certification

Sep 2022
SMU Cybersecurity Bootcamp
Contact this candidate