Pramukh Chaudhary
Suffern, NY *****
ad269w@r.postjobfree.com
+1-347-***-****
I would like to obtain a position as a team-player in a people-oriented organization where I can maximize my experience and gain knowledge in a challenging environment. Work Experience
IT Support Specialist
Dennis & Co Auto Group.
January 2020 to Present
● Functional ownership of all IT elements including infrastructure, systems, and security. This includes IT planning, deployment, operation, and support for 900+ users. * Develop and maintain relationships with external IT vendors and service providers
● Implement business continuity protocols to minimize disruption to business operations in the event of unforeseen emergencies
● Provide input into the company’s IT budget and planning
● Facilitate IT security audits, policies, and strategy
● Coordinate multi-location IT systems planning, implementation and ongoing support
● Analyze IT infrastructure and systems performance to assess operating costs, productivity levels and potential upgrades for operational efficiency
● Implement ad hoc projects as assigned by the COO
● Experience with automotive dealership and central office IT deployments
● Experience with business applications including dealer management systems, accounting applications, CRM, document collaboration and sharing – e.g., OneDrive, etc.
● Experience with solid background in IT Procurement, Vendor Management, IT Security (infrastructure, data, application, etc.) and IT Project Management
● Experience with IT infrastructure – networking, hardware, access management, security, cloud technologies, etc.
● Working through Office 365, active Directory
● Helping users remotely, troubleshooting, building out laptops, setting up new hires.
● Patching cables, tracing cables, setting up network connections, Installing microsoft software, familiar with poe system.
● Setting up IP phones, printers, laptops, imaging PC’s, Creating Images, Using toner pro, making patch cables.
● Assists executive-level and management in resolving technical issues on an emergency basis.
● Installing, Managing, and Configuration Windows Operating System.
● Managing hardware and software inventory and ensuring the inventory is up to date.
Adobe - Ambassador
January 2018 to December 2019
Promoted Adobe Products on campus and on social media. Design, develop and execute
Adobe, New York, strategic communication program, communicate office wide via mail, chatter and newsletters at periodic intervals.
LIU Brooklyn Computer Science Club - President.
January 2018 to December 2019
Conducted weekly meetings, delegated board member responsibilities, coordinated communications, organized guest speakers. Manage all correspondence with students and faculty including weekly club email.
Education
M.S. in Administration
Strayer University
2021 to Present
B.S. in Computer Science
Long Island University - Brooklyn, NY
May 2019
Contact this candidate