CS
Chris Smith
Professional Summary
Accomplished Electrical Technical System Designer offering over 20 years' experience in comprehensive design and development of infrastructure and architecture for software projects. Attentive collaborator and communicator from project conception to completion. Creative in devising solutions to improve business operations and meet clients' technical needs. Seasoned team leader possessing the technical and interpersonal skills to provide exceptional project deliverables.
Work History
The Boeing Company - Electrical Technical System Designer Everett & Renton, WA
12/1996 - 11/2022
As a prime electrical network system technical designer, equipment manager & design approval engineer (DAE) for the Boeing 787 Dreamliner Core Network team, I built, installed, tested, & released encrypted Onboard Authentication Software (OAS) airplane parts used for network access, onboard authentication & airline customer option selection.
●
As a member of the 737 & 757 electrical wire design and systems design teams I created, revised, and released complex wire diagrams & functional schematics while coordinating & collaborating with other wire design, wire instillation, avionics, flight controls and electrical sub- systems groups, preparing design layouts, modifying existing designs and integrating system elements to satisfy customer and product requirements.
●
Designed and modified multiple Boeing electrical systems, including Power Distribution, Interior Lighting, Cargo Loader, and the Flight Deck Door Re-enforcement Security System on single body airplanes. As a power & lighting DAE, I performed electrical system & load analysis, and functional tests on critical airplane electrical systems.
●
Assisted in the creation and implementation of numerous security solutions providing information to management regarding security threats & impacts on business caused by infiltration, destruction, alteration, or denial of access to information and network systems.
●
● Collaborated with clients to determine project specifications and scope.
● Provided technical leadership to team members during system design. ad27iz@r.postjobfree.com
206-***-****
Franklin, TN 37064
Skills
● Active Directory
● Electrical Systems Design
● Systems Engineering
● Security Assessments
● Risk Management
● Penetration Testing
● Project Management
● Computer Aided Drafting
● Performance Optimization
● Document Management
● ENOVIA, DDMS, WIRS, GBST
● Functional & Business Requirements
● DevOps Principles
● Application Development
● Network Design
● Machine Learning
● Business Process Improvement
● Information Security
● Network Systems
● Leadership
● System Testing
● Process Improvement
● Cross-functional Collaboration
● Stakeholder Communication
● Quality Assurance
● Training and Mentoring
● Team Building
● Critical Thinking
● Problem Solving
● Decision Making
US Navy Veteran - Electronic Technician
San Diego, CA
02/1981 - 02/1989
Validated complex engineering system designs for functionality by performing product performance analyses (e.g., installation, reliability, maintainability, fault isolation, failure modes and effects.
●
Provided current best practices and third-party solution alternatives when necessary for functional design documentation.
●
Performed quality code review and removed technical debt and security vulnerabilities.
●
Responsible for the operational readiness of various installed shipboard equipment, such as the ship's Surface Search Radar, Tactical Air Navigation (TACAN), and MK-XII IFF Systems. I also performed corrective and preventive maintenance on various HF and UHF radio transceivers and trained junior personnel in electronic technician troubleshooting safety standards.
●
Recommended changes in circuitry or installation specifications to simplify assembly and maintenance.
●
Reviewed building diagrams and blueprints to determine errors in electronic equipment installations.
●
Installed and maintained a variety of electrical and electronic components in accordance with approved methods and procedures.
●
Education
12/2018
City University of Seattle
Seattle, WA
Master of Science: Information Security
(MSIS)
12/2003
University of Phoenix
Renton, WA
Bachelor of Science: Information
Technology
Contact this candidate