JY Jefferson Yekesho
Grimes, IA ***** 515-***-**** ad2ksq@r.postjobfree.com
https://www.linkedin.com/in/jefferson-yekesho-2898b9246/ PROFESSIONAL
SUMMARY
Innovative IT Support Specialist with experience in selecting and setting up diverse technical equipment. Strong written and oral communication skills resulting in knowledgeable, satisfied customers. Excellent instructional and problem-solving skills reduce concerns related to new technology. SKILLS User Experience
Microsoft Active Directory
Manual Writing
Backup and Recovery
Helpdesk Call Support
Technical Support and Assistance
Computer System Diagnostics
Software
Microsoft Windows and Office
Tracking and Documentation
Remote Access Software
Logistical Planning
Data Entry
Customer Relationship
Management
Fluent in French and English
WORK HISTORY TEMP SUPPORT AGR 11/2020 to CURRENT
Army National Guard IA Johnston, IA
Used ticketing systems to manage and process support actions and requests.
Created help desk tickets, troubleshot and resolved desktop issues Determined hardware and network system issues using proactive troubleshooting techniques.
Prepared new computers and mobile devices according to internal policies on standardized software and security deployments. Responded to faults in networks to rapidly restore connectivity and prevent unnecessary downtimes.
Updated software to safeguard against security flaws. Helped maintain accurate production record by documenting run totals and materials used.
Set up machinery according to specifications of new production runs. Learned semi-skilled and advanced work by shadowing experienced workers.
Prepared boxes for shipments based on standard sizes. Labeled completed products with standard production information based on each product type.
Removed items of deficient quality from line to maintain standards. Balanced boxes on pallets to prevent shifting and damage. Assisted clients with daily living needs to maintain self-esteem and general wellness.
IT SUPPORT SPECIALIST 05/2019 to 11/2021
Iowa Workforce Development Center Des Moines, IA Used ticketing systems to manage and process support actions and requests.
Created help desk tickets, troubleshot and resolved desktop issues. Provided Tier 1 IT support to non-technical internal users through desk side support services.
Determined hardware and network system issues using proactive troubleshooting techniques.
Handled customer inquiries and suggestions courteously and professionally.
Actively listened to customers, handled concerns quickly and escalated major issues to supervisor.
Answered constant flow of customer calls with minimal wait times. Answered customer telephone calls promptly to avoid on-hold wait times. Updated account information to maintain customer records. Maintained customer satisfaction with forward-thinking strategies focused on addressing customer needs and resolving concerns. Prepared new computers and mobile devices according to internal policies on standardized software and security deployments. Collaborated with supervisors to escalate and address customer inquiries or technical issues.
Explained security measures in simple terminology to help users understand malware and phishing threats.
Configured hardware and granted system permissions to new employees. EDUCATION Associate of Applied Science Cyber Security EXPECTED IN 05/2026 A.M.U, 111 W Congress St, Charles Town, WV 25414
High School Diploma 05/2018
Valley High School, West Des Moines, IA
LANGUAGES English
Native or Bilingual
French
Native or Bilingual
Contact this candidate