Jessica Kinchen
Support Specialist
North Little Rock, AR 72114
ad2nyy@r.postjobfree.com
+1-501-***-****

Skills Summary

●Google Workspace Suite
●Microsoft Office Suite 365- Word, Excel, Outlook, MSTeams
●Modern team communication/remote tools: Cisco Jabber, Zoom, Skype
●Basic Accounting/Payroll
●Data Entry
●Product Sales
●Customer Care Call Center experience-5yrs
●Data Analysis
●IT/Medical/Legal/Mortgage/Banking/Financial

●Organization Skills.
●Communication Skills.
●Problem-Solving Skills
●Assessing and Interpreting Risks
●Critical Thinking
●Creativity
●Integrity
●People Skills/Relationship Building/Mentoring
●Up-to-date Knowledge of Business technology and IT
●Sound Understanding of Regulatory Guidelines and Security Policies

Experience
Mortgage Support Specialist
Arvest Bank - Little Rock, AR May 2022 to March 2023
• Provided Tier 1 support to all mortgage users with processing using systems adequately. Partnered with help desk and software engineers to troubleshoot agent system issues to ensure business continuity. Resolved Tier I service level request submitted via ticketing queue system.
• Responded thru chat, email and phone calls regarding associates status via Active Directory, approved/denied accesses, password resets. Directed escalated tickets to the appropriate area response Tier 2 team within MSD (Mortgage Systems Division).
• Maintained up-to-date knowledge of mortgage processes by attending continuing education classes. Applied all compliance with bank policy, laws, regulations, and the bank's BSA/AML Program by completion of all compliance training.

Mortgage Servicing Default Bankruptcy Specialist
Arvest Central Mortgage Company - Little Rock, AR April 2021 to May 2022

• Performed all the duties of a Customer Relations Specialist as they relate to loans in bankruptcy and documentation in system. Compiled MFRs, POCs, and Reaffirmation Agreements for clients requesting relief, including work with Foreclosure, Loss Mitigation, and REO departments of bankruptcy open/close filings. Calculated reinstatements, payoffs, and entered any system coding. Reviewed and uploaded legal documents into PACER court systems.
• Supervised data integrity and performed all invoices and bills for services related to attorneys’ fees and costs, property inspections, appraisals, property preservation. Maintained positive communication relations with attorneys, outside vendors, bankers.
•Applied all compliance of bank policy, laws, regulations, and the bank's BSA/AML Program, and completion of all compliance training.

Mortgage Servicing Customer Care Representative
Arvest Central Mortgage Company - Little Rock, AR December 2018 to April 2021

• Trained, coached and mentored over 15 temp and new hires and built solid team of ready to work customer care reps for Arvest bank mortgage department at onset of Covid-19.
Answered internal and external calls and work calls from the message center.
• Authenticated caller identity procedures set forth by federal and/or state regulations, provided information and knowledgeable assistance regarding mortgage loans by customer loan information retrieval processing quickly and efficiently.
Partnered with IT to troubleshoot agent system issues to ensure business continuity.
Followed up escalation procedures to address customer concerns. Evaluated contact center processes, make recommendations on how to improve, and measure success.
• Coordinated with bank associates, prior mortgage companies or other mortgage associates to obtain the necessary information while building customer relationships. Participated in outbound call campaigns to include: welcome calls, product service awareness, and various other company contact efforts.
•Applied all compliance of bank policy, laws, regulations, and the bank's BSA/AML Program, as applicable to job duties including completion of all compliance trainings.

Work experience for relevant skills:
Grievance and Appeals Specialist
Centene Robert Half
01/2017 to 9/2017
Little Rock, Arkansas

Managed and trained 6 admins in the day-to-day work function of the enrollment processing area for assigned product/service.
Monitored performance in relation to service level agreements and implemented work process improvements.

Reviewed and oversaw the workflows and processes for entering and maintained enrollment information in the appropriate systems.
Developed, implemented and maintained production and quality standards for the enrollment team.

Served as SME (Subject Matter Expert) and resource to Enrollment.
Investigated and resolved complex enrollment and data issues and determine downstream impacts.
.
Generated internal ad-hoc reports and analysis as needed.
Partnered with department leads on operational enhancement opportunities.

Truck Centers of Arkansas, Inc
02/2015 to 9/2016
North Little Rock, AR
HR Admin Assistant/Receptionist

Completed HR Onboarding and reviewed of all new hire paperwork, background/drug screens, insurance entries, basic accounting/payroll
Tracked incoming sales calls on Excel spreadsheets
Organized and maintained personnel records, entered new data, and updated previous employee data in internal HR databases.
Reviewed, revised, and updated company policies.
Prepared various HR documents, including new hire guides, employment contracts.
Providing point of contact service to all company employees and customers.

2013-2014 State of Illinois Retirement System
Member Services Representative

Education
Associates in Computer Science
Southern Technical College - Little Rock, AR
Contact this candidate