COLLINS K LANGAT
Minneapolis, MN
612-***-**** ad2t2k@r.postjobfree.com
US Citizen Open to Relocation

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
Nurse (Awaiting state license) IT support specialist, Business Manager with 3+ years of experience in healthcare and manufacturing fields. Skilled in data analysis, software development, client support, and technical manufacturing.

KEY SKILLS

Programming Tools: Java, C#, JavaScript, HTML, CSS,
Healthcare Regulatory Frameworks: HIPAA, Health Information Exchange
Data Analytics: Analysis, Data Visualization, Excel
Bilingual: English, Swahili and Kalenjin.
Clinical Skills:
Experience with assisting patients with activities of daily living.
Medication administration and basic wound care.
Patient assessment and monitoring and CPR.
Experience in providing patient education and patient’s family.
Electrical medical record.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Events Manager 04/2021 - 12/2023
Poa Party Rentals, Wayzata, Mn
Party and events rentals outlet in Wayzata Minnesota with 18 Employees.
Developed event concept and plan, Maintain event budgets.
Executed performance reviews for employees and ensured achievement of key performance indicators with over 90 percent employee satisfaction based on a recent survey.
Managed and executed of over 100 corporate and private events annually with over $200,000 in revenues.
Negotiated contracts of over $100,000 bringing to the company over 60 percent profit margins in comparison to previous years.

Clinical Experience. 06/2020 - 09/2021
Regency Hospital, Golden Valley, Mn
Regency Hospitals specialize in treating patients recovering from catastrophic critical illness.

Did a 16-week clinical rotation for four semesters at Regency Hospital, Golden Valley, Mn. I was able to experience excellent nursing skills by performing patient head-to-toe assessments.
Demonstrated excellent time-management skills by administering medications in the presence of a nurse, responding to call lights, and recording intake/output measurements.
Observed patients and developed care plans. Getting vital signs, rounding with the doctor and social worker, and adhering to infection control protocols.
Performed basic wound care and changed the dressing and recorded patient intakes and outputs in the Epic system.

Medical Device Specialist 11/2017 - 04/2021
Boston Scientific., Maple Grove, Minnesota
Boston Scientific Corporation is one of the world’s leading medical device companies that provides a range of products and services. It has a staff of over 25,000 employees.
Participated in the Material Review Board (MRB) decision process.
Identifies and implements corrective actions for manufacturing related issues.
Performs equipment setup and corrective, preventive and calibration maintenance as necessary.
Installs and validates equipment and processes in the production area.
Evaluate operating data to conduct on-line adjustments to products, instruments, or equipment.
Certifies manufacturing associates in the production processes.

IT Support Specialist 05/2015 - 12/2016
Kenya Civil Aviation Authority, Nairobi, Kenya
Kenya Civil Aviation Authority is a state corporation of Kenya that is responsible for regulating the aviation industry in Kenya and for providing air navigation services in the Kenya flight region.

Configured and installed a new information management system, resulting in improved access to billing information and faster communication between departments.
Redesigned the user interface of an existing issue reporting tool, increasing user interactions by over 60%.
Provided end-user support to 100+ users and resolved 400+ monthly, installed and configured Windows servers, and achieved 95% uptime of the system.

EDUCATION
Associate Degree in Nursing, 2021
Rasmussen University Bloomington, USA
An Associate Degree in Nursing is a two-year undergraduate program that prepares individuals to become registered nurses (RNs). The program typically includes a combination of classroom instruction and clinical training, covering topics such as anatomy, physiology, pharmacology, and nursing skills.

Diploma in Business Information Technology, 2014
KCA University, Nairobi, Kenya
Equivalent to a US associate degree in the field according to World Education Services (NY), 2020. Proof evaluation is available upon request.
Contact this candidate