James Chubbuck (He/Him/His)
Cell #: +1-970-***-****
E-mail: ad2y3d@r.postjobfree.com
Commerce City Co. 80022
LinkedIn: linkedin.com/in/james-chubbuck-51a274
Summary
I have a rich background in providing comprehensive computer hardware and software support, including Microsoft Windows Servers, Active Directory, virtual PBX, Windows 7, 8, 10 and 11 on both laptops, desktops, and peripherals. I’ve worked with network devices including switches, firewalls both virtual and physical as well as NGFWs, LANs, VLANs WANs and VPNs. I’ve supported both Android, iPhones, and VoIP. I’ve won awards for customer service and am accustomed to overtime and being on-call. Experience
MAY 2021 - JAN 2023
CryoHoldCo, São Paulo - IT Support Specialist
● Supported company professionals with laptops, desktops, and cellular telephones including installation of software, hardware, maintenance, resetting, imaging, onboarding and offboarding.
● Resolved problems with software, hardware, and maintenance of laptops, desktops, telephones, network, servers, projectors, TVs, and monitors.
● Implemented monitoring and ITSM systems to strengthen IT teams' processes, reduce IT incident response time, and create asset manager.
● Worked within the team to complete IT projects and individually to complete daily tasks.
● Planned, set up, documented, and administrated the infrastructure for 2 new locations, one, a frozen storage bunker and two new office spaces.
● Purchased new laptops and a server to upgrade / replace home laptops and install new virtual servers.
● Migrated from Google Suite/3rd party e-mail service providers to Microsoft 365.
● Administrated servers with VMWare with virtual Windows servers 2008, 2012, and 2019 with Active Directory, DNS, DHCP, IIS, and Microsoft SQL along with Linux Ubuntu/CentOS virtual servers.
● Administrated the applications installed on these servers including the financial system, laboratory system and a CRM.
● Migrated and integrated new marketing applications on the web.
● Administrated the backup and recovery of all the systems in production and ran monthly tests of recovery of a random system. APRIL 2002 -JAN 2020
ICTS - Protiviti, São Paulo - IT Manager
● Deployed and maintained an Asterisk PBX virtual system on-site and in the cloud.
● Administrated Microsoft 365.
● Automation of backup tasks in Linux with scripts in Bash.
● Adopted and implemented Amazon Web Services with the migration of Linux and Windows servers from Embratel colocation.
● Planned and implemented an ITSM and a server monitoring system.
● Adopted and Implemented Microsoft Office 365 and Azure AD integration with Azure AD connect.
● Built solid relationships with business partners, customers, and suppliers, understanding their internal and external needs.
● Consistently achieve the 96% customer service ratings from our internal customers.
● Administration of LAN/WAN/WLAN Cisco switches, FortiGate, Checkpoint and Juniper firewalls, and Cisco and Ubiquiti wireless APs.
● Administrated virtual Linux servers (CentOS and Ubuntu) on VMWare ESXi, VCenter and Amazon Web Services.
● Supported company professionals with laptops, desktops, and cellular telephones, including software hardware installation and maintenance, and provided tier 2 and tier 3 support.
● Administration of Windows servers (AD, DNS, DHCP, DFS, and SQL).
● Used Chef (automation and infrastructure delivery) for continuous delivery on Linux systems. 2
Education
El Camino College, Torrance CA - Associate in Science, Electronic Technology – May 1997 Principal Projects
● The migration from other cloud e-mail and office suites to Microsoft Office 365 and then joining both companies into one tenant. Training all employees in the use of SharePoint and OneDrive and the other tools m the Office 365 suite.
● The migration from colocation to Amazon Web Service. We migrated the websites of our services which included receiving thousands of e-mails from our clients. Our developers helped us with this move since we were new to AWS.
● Implementation of Azure AD and Single Sign-On for the administrative area of the company. With Office 365, we were able to reduce the IT teams’ workload with the reset of passwords.
● Migration from a standard PBX to a virtual open-source PBX. We migrated from a small standard PBX to a virtual PBX with a VoIP server and telephones and were able to attend calls from any of our offices via systems IP.
Languages
English - Native
Portuguese - Advanced
Curses
● MicrosoŌ CerƟﬁed System Administrator 2000 / 2003
● MicrosoŌ CerƟﬁed System Administrator: Messaging 2003
● MicrosoŌ CerƟﬁed System Engineer 2000 / 2003
● COBIT FoundaƟon
Curses
● Linux Administrator
● Project Management Professional
● AWS Basics
● Monitoring with Zabbix
● Puppet Fundamentals
● Docker
● Agile FoundaƟons
● ITIL V4
● Design Thinking
● Ethical Hacking using Kali Linux
● CompTIA Security+
Contact this candidate