James E. Purvis Jr.

Residence: 813-***-****

Email: ad3f33@r.postjobfree.com

SKILLS SUMMARY

Information Technology Support Specialist, Application Support Specialist, Trainer, Supervisor, and Administrator with over 28 years experience in technical support, end user support, quality assurance and control, programming and configuration management. Experienced in working with Cross-Functional teams, a high energy individual with demonstrated expertise in,

Windows XP/7/10
Windows Server 2008 and 2012
Microsoft Office 2010/2013
Software/Hardware Installation and Troubleshooting

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE & ACCOMPLISHMENTS

Physician Business Services/Women’s Care Florida 01/2019 – 08/2023
Provider of patient care for more than 930,000+ patients annually

EHR Application Specialist

Diagnose, troubleshoot, and resolved EMR software issues by effectively communicating with end users to gather appropriate data and remedy issues within the expected timeline.
Offered guidance to enhance team member workflow and create more efficient eClinical Works EMR practices
Effectively communicated with various staff members including senior leadership, physicians, and office staff
Mainly responsible for ultrasound machine configurations and ensuring that the software (Momentum) is properly linked to the required eClinical Works scheduling resources via the HL7 interface.
Ensured that all outstanding ultrasound images were properly attached to the patient’s charts.
Assisted with users’ access pertaining to security roles
Assisted with modifying time durations on the Provider’s schedules
Supported interfaces to external systems including laboratories and diagnostic imaging
Managed and coordinated urgent and complicated support issues. Acted as an escalation point to management for all requests and incidents
Technical lead for eClinicalWorks support requests, incidents, changes, and problems
Participated in enterprise and departmental initiatives, changes, and projects
Assisted in other duties as assigned or required

James E. Purvis Jr.

Physician Business Services/Women’s Care Florida 11/2017 – 01/2019
Provider of patient care for more than 350,000 patients annually

PACS Administrator
Responsible for the operational administration and network management of all PACS servers and workstations.
Performs PACS’s Administrator s duties including but not limited to manual editing of master data files in PACS.
Performs routine backup of critical system data, training of technologists in proper use of QA workstations.
Perform manual correction of system data entry errors, troubleshoots system and connectivity issues.
Assists Radiologists with configuration of diagnostic workstation personal hanging protocols and other issues as required.
Maintains server/workstation hardware and software performs as expected.
Responsible for assignment of system users rights including user additions and deletions.
Strives to maintain system use and configuration meets all applicable HIPAA standards.
Works closely with Radiology, Admitting, and Medical Records staff and management to revise or develop improved workflow processes and ensure data accuracy with regards to PACS.
Works closely with department leadership to ensure timely and complete capture of DICOM digital image data into the PACS system as well as network transmission, and RIS validation.

Physician Business Services/Women’s Care Florida 10/2013 – 10/2017
Provider of patient care for more than 350,000 patients annually

MIS Help Desk Support
Install approved software releases, system upgrades, patches, and resolve software related
problems.
Maintain, analyze, troubleshoot, and repair computer systems, as well as, repair or replace components in laptops, desktops, printers and other peripherals.
Respond to requests for technical assistance via phone or electronically
Diagnose and resolve technical hardware and software issues
Research questions using available information resources
Advise users on appropriate action
Adhere to help desk metrics
Follow standard help desk procedures
Log all help desk interactions
Identify, redirect problems and escalate urgent situations to appropriate resource
Track and route problems and requests and document resolutions
Stay current with system information, changes and updates
James E. Purvis Jr.

Vitera Healthcare Solutions 11/2011 – 9/2013
Provider of EHR and practice management software servicing approximately 80,000 physicians

Data Conversion Specialist
Conducts web-based training sessions utilizing a wide variety of principles and techniques, evaluates training effectiveness to achieve customer satisfaction.
Delivers courses for training technical employees and/or customers in the use, maintenance and/or repair of software and/or hardware products.
Develops implementation plans and schedules and coordinates training activities with internal project counterparts.
Completes work orders and obtains customer sign-off on all training activities and uploads copies for archival and project tracking purposes.
Shadows more experienced trainers to obtain guidance and direction.
Completes internal training to enhance product knowledge

Sage, Tampa, FL., 09/2011 – 11/2011
The leading supplier of business management software and services to 5.8 million customers worldwide

Data Conversion Specialist
Conducts web-based training sessions utilizing a wide variety of principles and techniques, evaluates training effectiveness to achieve customer satisfaction.
Delivers courses for training technical employees and/or customers in the use, maintenance and/or repair of software and/or hardware products.
Develops implementation plans and schedules and coordinates training activities with internal project counterparts.
Completes work orders and obtains customer sign-off on all training activities and uploads copies for archival and project tracking purposes.
Shadows more experienced trainers to obtain guidance and direction.
Completes internal training to enhance product knowledge

James E. Purvis Jr.

Sage, Tampa, FL., 03/2008 – 09/2011
The leading supplier of business management software and services to 5.8 million customers worldwide

Customer Support Technician I
Provides in-depth technical support for application software, operating systems, and integrated 3rd party products to end users and resellers via telephone and remote connectivity
Manages progress toward results and documents customer communication throughout the life-cycle of a reported issue within the Siebel call tracking system
Uses self initiative to constantly increase knowledge and skills in products assigned to support, as well as constant improvement in customer service skills. Attends training classes, initiates self training, and demonstrates application of knowledge and skills gained
Ensures timely resolution of technical problems for The Medical Manager clients

CERTIFICATIONS:

November 2023: CompTIA A+
December 2015: Microsoft Certified Professional
December 2015: Microsoft Certified Technology Specialist: Windows 7, Configuration
December 2015: Microsoft Specialist: Windows 7, Configuring

EDUCATION:
DILLARD UNIVERSITY New Orleans, LA.
Bachelor of Science Degree in Computer Science May, 1992.
Contact this candidate