Donald Bright
Lake Balboa, CA *****
818-***-****(C)
https://www.linkedin.com/in/don-bright-0089a83/
ad46hl@r.postjobfree.com

Work experience

Contemporary Services Corporation
Northridge, CA January 2024-Present
Desktop Support
Provide Tier 1 Support for over 1000 employees both on site and remote.
Use Ticketing system to respond to a variety of issues and requests, including Software Troubleshooting, printer issues and setups.
Setup Laptops and Desktop computers with a company standard image.
Operating Systems include Windows 10 and 11. Software includes Microsoft Office 365.
Perform minor Hardware repairs and upgrades on both laptops and Desktops.
Responsible for keeping and tracking IT Equipment doing a weekly inventory report using Excel and One Note.
Responsible for the list of ISP Vendor with detailed information with Network Specs for both on site and remote offices.
SimpleTech
Beverly Hills, CA June 2023-December 2023
IT Support Specialist
Using ConnectWise Ticketing System would respond to a variety of Clients issues, also responded to phone calls and emails from the clients.
Built Windows and Mac laptops using Client’s instructions.
Built iPads and Window Surface using JAMF.
Created email accounts using Office 365, Go Daddy, and Google.
Troubleshooting problems such as VPN, Remote Desktop issues.
Windows Operating Systems 10 and 11. Server OS 2012 and 2016
Mac Operating Systems
Printer issues.
Matthews Studio Equipment
Burbank, CA September 2022-June 2023
IT Support/Jr. System Administrator
Support Windows 10, Azure AD, Citrix, Network, E-Mail, Office 365, Internet Setup, Printer Management, Servers with 2012 Windows Server for two office buildings and remote workers
Used Active Directory to setup User Accounts, password resets, and unlock user accounts.
Used Azure Active Directory to setup E-mail Accounts
Setup IP Phones
Configured laptops and PCs to company specific specifications including Microsoft Office 365, Trend Micro Anti-Virus, Barracuda Content Shield, Manage Engine Software, and Sage Software
Configured Laptops with Citrix Workspace
Manage Trend Micro to make sure users were compliant.
Used Know B For Application to train users on how to be vigilant on how to protect themselves and the company from Virus’ and Malware.
Respond to user’s emails, text, Team messages and phone calls
Switched in house phone system from Windstream to Spectrum
Chatsworth Products Inc.
Chatsworth, CA February 2015-September 2022
IT Support Specialist
Support Multiple Windows Platforms, including Windows 7,Windows8.1, Windows 10, Azure AD, Citrix, Network, E-Mail, Office 365, Internet setup, and Printers Management for Multiple offices (1 host, multiple remote)
Use Active Directory to setup User Accounts, password resets and unlock user accounts.
Use Exchange/ Exchange Online to Setup E-mail Accounts
Cell Phone Support, including ordering phones and adding features
Setup IP Phones
Configure laptops and PC’s to company specifications including Microsoft Office 365 and Sophos Anti-Virus
Configure Production floor Thin Clients (Igel) Machines for Citrix Receiver usage, Configure MES on the factory production floor
Configure and setup printers, print servers and copiers
Respond to user tickets
Enroll new computers on Azure AD using Autopilot install feature.
JonesTrading
Westlake Village, CA April 2004-January 2015
IT Help Desk
Applications Help Desk
Support Trading Applications for multiple offices (1 host, 16 remote)
Applications include Fidessa OMS, Bloomberg, Ipreo, MixIT, QSG,
Pershing, Tradeware, Trade The News, Streetsight, Street Account
Fix Connectivity Setup and Support working with Vendors such as
NYFIX, Sungard, ITG, Eze-Castle, Reuters, Charles River, Tradeweb,
Linedata, MOXY, and Bloomberg
IOI Setup and Support working with Vendors such as Bloomberg,
Autex, NYFIX, and ITG
General Help Desk
Support Multiple Windows Platforms, including Windows XP, Windows 7, Windows 8, Network, E-Mail, Internet, and Printers for
Multiple offices (1 host, 16 remote)
Setup Guest visiting from other offices as if they were working
on their home office PC

National Notary Association June 2002-April 2004
Chatsworth, CA
Customer Relations
Enjoa (Electronic Notary Journal of Acts) Technical Support/Sales
Created help desk documents.
Established a line of communications with Enjoa User’s to help
them with their problems, concerns and questions about Enjoa
Information Hotline Counselor
Customer Service Representative
Consistently was one of the top performers of all CSR’s on the
incentive program when eligible

Colonial Western Insurance Agency July 1998- March 2002
Newbury Park, CA
Computer Operations/Tech Support/Help Desk
Assistant to Department Manager
Provide user support to all sites (1 Host, 2 Remote) for functionality of all
hardware and software maintained on AS/400, RS6000
Configure and maintain hardware and software on PCs (Windows 95,
98, ME)
Configure IP Addresses and maintain Network over LAN/WAN
Generate and distribute daily jobs (Invoices, Late Notices, Renewals and
Riders) on AS/400
Monitor all subsystems and job activity on AS/400
Perform Object Back Up and Restores on AS/400
Prioritize and maintain all open trouble tickets
Work with a variety of printers including HP Laser Jets and IBM B600
Maintain Inventory Controls for all hardware and software upgrades and
printing supplies

GE Capital/Heritage Insurance Group April 1989- June 1998
Agoura Hills, CA
Order Desk Supervisor
Responsible for all incoming and outgoing orders and shipments
Responsible for Inventory Control by maintaining spreadsheets.
Shipping and Receiving Supervisor
Responsible for Inventory Control
Created and maintained spreadsheets to show clients inventory of
items so they were not over stocked.
Supervised a staff of up to 4 people.
Mailroom Supervisor
Responsible for picking up and dropping off incoming and outgoing mail
Responsible for the distribution of incoming mailing
Supervised a staff of up to 2 people.
Facilities Assistant Manager
Responsible for maintenance and operation of building when Facility Manger was out of office.

Education
Oxford Institute of Technology 2006-2007
Woodland Hills, CA
Completed courses in the MCSE Windows 2000 certification track
Moorpark College 1999-2006
Moorpark, CA
Completed courses in the MCSE Windows 2000 certification track.
Completed courses in Windows NT.
Completed courses in PC repair and upgrade.

Pierce College 1985-1986
Woodland Hills, CA
Completed General Education courses

Accreditations Commissioned in April 2003-2007 as a California Notary
Treasurer of De Celis Pl. HOA 2006-Present

Certifications Microsoft Certified Profession, issued in 2002.
LinkedIn Certified on Windows 11 for IT Pros: Supporting Users
LinkedIn Certified on Troubleshooting Common PC Issues for Users
Contact this candidate