MARC RICHARDSON
Stone Mountain, GA *****
Cell: 404-***-**** Email: ad4as9@r.postjobfree.com LinkedIn: www.linkedin.com/in/marcrich96-b5285356

PROFESSIONAL PROFILE
Certified IT Professional continuing Professional growth by taking advantage of my curiosity and passion for learning IT technologies. Leveraging acquired knowledge and skills to create a positive outcome to overcome presented IT challenges within the workplace. Attentive to customer needs and ready to break down technical problems to develop effective solutions. I offer years of leadership skills, organizational skills, excellent relationship building and critical thinking skills.
Certifications: AWS Solutions Architect, AWS Cloud Practitioner, CompTIA A+, Google IT Support Professional

Smart Creative Quick Study Team Oriented Receptive to the perspectives of others
Excellent Communication Skills Taking ownership of issues through to resolution Dependable

EDUCATION

Per Scholas Atlanta, GA Remote Learning March 2024
Amazon Web Services Certified Cloud Practitioner

Strayer University Lithonia, GA On-Site October 2019 - Present
BS CIS Networking Security

Generation/Spartanburg MC Spartanburg, SC Remote Learning July-2021 - October 2021
IT Support Specialist (CompTIA A+ Certification)

TECHNICAL SKILLS

•Computer/HDD Reimage
•Networking
•Workstation Break-Fix
•Technical Support
•Device Domain Join
•Sophos Firewall
•Azure AD
•AWS Web Services
•Linux
•SharePoint
•Virtualization
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

WorkSmart, Durham, NC Technical Support Representative August 2022-October 2023
Responded to Project requirements for new or reconfigured hardware and software.
Created and maintained multiple system images using the WDS server.
Troubleshot user hardware and software problems, logging problems and documented fixes.
Tracked and monitored the day-to-day performance of systems and conducted analysis with the goal of improving performance.
Managed shipping and receiving of project hardware, software, and peripheral inventory.

Sedona Group, Moline, IL Workstation Installation Technician February 2022-August 2022
Responsible for maintaining computer systems within a business setting.
Set up hardware, installed and configured software and drivers.
Maintained and replaced technological equipment or peripheral devices.
Ensured well-functioning LAN/WAN and other network components. Escalated problems to appropriate personnel for evaluation and issue resolution.
Handled up to 10 workstation installations daily, and consistently met high service standards.

Spartanburg MC, Spartanburg, SC IT Support Specialist TA November 2021-February 2022
Taught undergraduate college level IT courses.
Prepared and delivered lectures to undergraduate or graduate students on topics such as networking, troubleshooting, and hardware installation.
Evaluated and graded student’s class work, laboratory work, assignments, and papers

Mainetti RTS Covington, GA Operations Manager Jan 2013-Oct 2020
Managed general activities of facility’s operations.
Developed and implemented company policies and procedures as well as ensuring compliance with procedures.
Evaluated and enhanced current operational systems.
Managed subordinate staff in the day-to-day performance of their jobs.
Acquired, retained and disseminated knowledge of department processes.
Coordinated communication between different functions.
Contact this candidate