P a g e * *
Sam Beltran
I have many years of experience in an IT Support Administration
Email: ad4bb2@r.postjobfree.com Mobile: 925-***-**** LinkedIn: http://www.linkedin.com/in/sambeltran
Summary
Over the past decade, I have worked for the same organization, helping end-users with their daily computer challenges and troubleshooting their company-assigned devices. These technical services range from password reset to complex file permission access. Skills
Azure AD, DHCP, GPO, Exchange 365, Windows 10, Windows 11, Office 365, MS TEAMS, ZOOM, Company Intune Portal, MOODMEDIA, Windows Server 2012 r2, PowerPoint, Office365, Microsoft Authenticator, ZSCALER, Managed Firewalls, Routers and Switches (Cisco ASA’s, 3560, and 2901),
Experience
Teleflex Incorporated – (Acquired Neotract in 2017) Sr. Desktop Administrator
May 2015 - January 2024
Pleasanton, California
Responded and identified computer and device problems.
Troubleshoot installed apps issues and file access
Developed an IT On-Boarding and Off-Boarding process with HR.
Worked closely with the End-Point Team on the following: o Provided new hire info for new AD accounts creation and mailboxes. o Tested new software releases
o Tested new hardware implementations.
o Tested new images for computer re-imaging.
Maintained IT inventory such as laptops, iOS devices, adapters, monitors, keyboards, etc.
Worked closely with the Quality and Regulatory team, during the FDA audit.
Monitored and maintained Help Desk tickets in the Remedy system.
Imaged and deployed refurbished PC and mobile device hardware
Setting up workstations
Manage MS TEAMS Calendars for all conference rooms P a g e 2 2
Neotract (Jumpstart Technology Consulting, MSP)
System Support Engineer
September 2013 - April 2015
Mountain View, CA
Hardware and Software Deployment – Desktop and laptop imaging and software deployment.
AD and Exchange Provisioning – Maintained user accounts, permissions, email and DLs.
Cloud Storage for Sales Team – Setup and managed Dropbox
File & Print Management – Provisioning and troubleshooting
Managed a Carbonite for off-site Back-up Disaster Recovery system
Managed NetApp for on-prim storage
Mobile Device Support – Managing Apple, Android, and other mobile devices
IT Solutions - Recommending and implementing new solutions to improve the Service Desk environment through self-service and automation.
Additional work history is available at http://www.linkedin.com/in/sambeltran Education
Bachelor of Science – Computer Science
Heald College-San Francisco
September 1980 – July 1985
MCSE 2000 – Windows Servers
Intense School of Technology
Oct. - 2002
Fundamentals of Strategic Planning
American Management Assoc, San Francisco, CA
April - 2005
Contact this candidate