SUMMARY
Subject matter expert of Azure Cloud solutions helping companies deploy on premise data center to Microsoft Azure cloud to reduce CAPEX & OPEX expense and streamlined IT infrastructure as a whole.
CERTIFICATIONS
Microsoft Azure Certified in fundamentals earned in January 2024
TECHNICAL PROFICIENCIES
Azure VMs, Azure VNet, Azure Storage, Azure Resource Group, Azure Networking, Azure Vwan, Azure Peering
Microsoft 365 User Administration, Exchange Online, SharePoint Online, TEAMs Online, MS 365 licensing
Cloud Security: Azure Firewall, Azure Network Security Groups, Azure Advisor, Azure Monitor, Azure Site 2 Site VPN
Operating Systems:Windows 2019, 2016, 2012, 2008 & 2003 Server, Windows 11, 10 &XP.
Hardware: HP, Dell, Compaq, IBM, Equipment: Desktops, Laptops,
Network/Protocols: TCP/IP, DHCP, DNS, SMTP, HTTP, LANs, WANs, Ethernet, Wireless, DSL, Hubs, Switches, Linksys, 3Com Routers, VPN.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Up2cloud.Org Woodbridge, NJ Jan 2019 - Present
Cloud Admin & Engineer

Perform risk assessments of existing and new technology deployments. Recommend, implement, and monitor security auditing and alerting solutions. Monitor cloud and on-premise resources to verify integrity and availability. Troubleshoot operational issues, escalate as appropriate and offer solutions.
Deploy and maintain Azure resources and other cloud technologies.
Implementation and support for Networking, Databases, Software, and Servers in the Cloud.
Design architecture for integrating core infrastructure technologies in support of enterprise applications.
Perform risk assessments of existing and new technology deployments.
Recommend, implement, and monitor security auditing and alerting solutions.
Monitor cloud and on-premise resources to verify integrity and availability.
Troubleshoot operational issues, escalate as appropriate and offer solutions.
Collaborate with application development, network/security, and infrastructure teams to ensure seamless integration within the production environment, including validation planning, validation testing coordination, and reporting production readiness for deployment.
Establish standards, tools, and processes to be used by the team and create procedures to guarantee adherence and compliance to those standards.
Develop, document, and understand internal IT processes and procedures.
Utilize automation tools such as Terraform, Ansible, or similar.
Ensure timely resolution of issues, responsible for communicating with all impacted parties the status and resolution of all issues.
Communicate with customers and notify them of impending changes or agreed outages.
Keep current on new technologies and advancements in current technologies.
Assists with special projects or other duties as assigned.

Bitznetwork Woodbridge, NJ Jan 2016 - Jan 2019
System Server Administrator

Responsible for Installation and Configuring of Windows Servers, providing Services such as DNS, DHCP, Application, Files and Web Server.Create/Move Folders, User ID accounts, home directories and permissions.
Worked on Applicationto access Online Clothing Website, to select merchandise, Pick and Place in cart.

Accenture NY Mar 2015 - Nov 2015
Software Engineer

JP Morgan Chase NY. Project: Chase Pay 2. Digital UAT.
Sept - Internal Project: TCoE In a Box.

Pfizer NJ Feb 2013 - Dec 2014
Technical Consultant Server Support

Rack Servers, Run Network Cables, Check System Health, document and update tickets.
Provide System and Network Administration Support for Servers and Storage Devices to vendors.
Performed regular and System Backups.
Monitored local Servers, Networks and assisted with issues.

TDAmeritrade Jersey City, NJ May 2011 – Aug 2012
Desktop Support

Ensure Locate & Remote Computers interconnect seamlessly with diverse Systems including File Servers, Email Servers, Print Servers, and Application Servers.
Assisted with the Deployment of Hardware and Software to End Users (including the Installation, Configuration and Testing of more complex firm Hardware).
Assisted with provisioning and deprovisioning processing, including setting up of Hardware/Software for New Hires, & receiving Hardware from separating employees.
Ensure all company approved Desktops, Laptops and Peripheral Hardware is accurately inventoried and perform Maintenance/spot checks with user community validating equipment is correctly assigned.
Work with Remedy Tracking System to Review, Acknowledge &Resolve all assigned End-UserTickets.
Merck Union, NJ Jan 2010 – Mar 2011
Desktop Support

Migrate End-Users desktop, data, Outlook profile from Schering Plough to Merck.
Worked on Outlook, LAN and VPN connectivity, backup, permission & passwords issue.
Coordinate Relocation Network and Local Printers, Scanners, Desktops, and equipments.
Analyzed, Diagnosed and Repaired user computer problems within timely manner.
Troubleshoot, Installed, Maintained Networked & Stand-alone Color Printers, Copiers.
Support professional and in house Medical and Research Application and Databases.
Lead Wireless conversions project, to convert remote access from IPASS (SP) to Juniper (Merck).
Migrate Data and Personal Information to secure Server with, User State Migration Tool (USMT).

Pfizer Morris Plains, NJ Jan 2008 – Nov 2009
Server Support

Work with Remedy Tracking System to review, acknowledge & resolve all assigned End-User Tickets.
Performing task of supporting HP, Compaq, IBM Server operation, Installing 2000 & 2003 OS.
Setup 2000 & 2003 test Servers and VMware Workstations and ESX Server. Installed VDI on Server.
Arranging with teams to modify IP and DNS addresses for Physical/Logical Servers.
Physically removing of Server, Server racks, VMware host & logical Servers. NAS&SAN devices.
Arrange and confirm a recent Full Data Backup of Electronic records with VERITAS Backup.
Create tickets using Peregrine Service Center and E-mail questionnaire for decommission/ retire Servers.

Sanofi-Aventis Somerset, NJ Nov 2006 – Nov 2007
Desktop Support - Consultant

Created Users, Computers and Printers Accounts in OU of Active Directory, in 2000 & 2003 OS.
Work with programmers to simulate Disaster Recovery Environment & Test Application stability.
Installation Digital Senders, Local/Network HP, Xerox Printer devices on Local PC and LAN.
Responsible for retrieving leased assets and providing User with new HP Desktop or Laptop.
Responsible for daily and weekly backup and sending DLT tape to off-site location.
Performed regular maintenance on Servers 2000 & 2003, Tape Backup room, Patch Panels.
Maintained and added UPS Units to Servers and LAN and WAN devices.
Configured HP workstations & laptops on LAN for a 2000 & XP users using Ghost images.
Installed and Configured Palm Pilot and Blackberry handheld for Scientists and IT users.
Diagnose and document, issues surrounding Windows XP, and 2000 Professional, MS Office, E-mail (Outlook), Internet Connections and VPN.
ConEdison NY, NY Oct 2005 – Sept 2006
Desktop Support/LAN Administrator
Responsible for supporting Local Area Network support for EndUserson assigned floor.
Responsible for Create/Move Folders, User ID Account's, new home directories and permissions.
Installed and Configured local and HP, Xerox network printers for LAN and WAN use.
Worked with IT teams the Configure, Deploy, Upgrade and Support the XP Workstation &Applications.
Perform a daily review of Server 2000 & 2003 backup jobs and interface with local LAN Administrators.
Responsible for monthly and quarterly Server Audits for Information Resources supported Servers.
Conduct monthly survey for rooms that hostServers, Patch Panels, Switches.
Run SMS tool to Deploy Updated Patches to XP Workstations and 2000 & 2003 Servers.
Logged all incoming calls through Magic Ticketing System and prioritized trouble tickets.
Installed and Configured Verizon Blackberry Handheld for Executives and IT Users.
Installed and Configured VPN &Net motion Connections for End Users for remote login.

EDUCATION

Middlesex County College Edison, NJ. 1990
Associate Electrical Engineering

John Jay High School Brooklyn, NY. 985
High School Diploma

PERSONAL DEVELOPMENT

Cybrary Online Training (2023)
Azure Fundamentals, Fundamentals Windows Security, Hyper-V,
Microsoft Office 365 Fundamentals, Cisco CCNA, VMware foundations, Intro to Powershell,
Comptia Networking +, and A+.

Globaltek, Edison, NJ. (2016)
SeleniumWeb, Selenium IDE, Jira, Maven, TestNG, QTP.

QA Pool, Edison, NJ.(2016)
Quality Assurance.

AVTech Career Training School, South Plainfield NJ. (2009)
Microsoft MCSA + Exchange/ CCNA 2003/ VMware ESX Server + ESXi and Workstation/ SQL
Server Admin.

Xincon Technologies, Edison, NJ.
Windows 2000 Server, Windows XP & Networking. Comptia A+.
Contact this candidate