MD Asadul Islam
Queens, NY / 929-***-**** / ad4w5v@r.postjobfree.com LinkedIn

IT professional with solid knowledge of programming languages and hands-on training in networking, software and hardware configuration, troubleshooting and CompTIA A+ Certified.
Looking for a career opportunity in the Technology field to be able to utilize my technical skills and 3 years of work experience in providing excellent customer service.

EDUCATION
Master Of Science In Data Science, CUNY School of Professional Studies (In Progress) 01/2024
Bachelor of Science in Information Technology, CUNY School of Professional Studies (Graduated) 01/2024
Associate in Science- Computer Science, CUNY LaGuardia Community College (Graduated) 06/2022

CERTIFICATIONS
CompTIA A+ 01 / 2024
CompTIA ITF+ 10 / 2023
Google IT Support Professional 07 / 2022
Google Project Management Professional 10 / 2022
Google Data Analytics Professional 12 / 2022
Google UX Design Professional 05 / 2023

TECHNICAL SKILLS
Hardware: Laptops, Desktops, Mobile (iPhone, Android), printers
Systems: Mac OS, Windows Vista/7/8/10/11, Linux
Software: Virtual PC, MS (Office, SharePoint), Adobe, PyCharm
Administration: Active Directory, MS Exchange, backups
Maintenance: Operating system installation, Installing anti-virus, Disk defragmenter, Firewall settings, System restoration
Networks and Protocols: LAN/WAN, TCP/IP, DNS, POP3, SMTP, FTP, TFTP, Ethernet, wired and wireless switches, WAP, VPN, IMAP, RDP, DHCP, SOHO router configuration.

DEVELOPMENT SKILLS
Languages: HTML5, CSS, SQL, JAVA, C++ & Assembly language.
Development Tools: VS Code, Eclipse, Code Blocks, IntelliJ, GitHub
Designing Tools: Adobe Photoshop, Adobe Illustrator, Figma
Testing Tools: Selenium, JMeter, Jira
Application Support: Software Installation, Application Monitoring, Server Administration, Software Updates, ITIL Framework, Device Management, Data Connectivity, Device Configurations

RELATED EXPERIENCE
Tech Support Specialists, Department of Education - New York, NY 9/2023 – Present
●Providing Support System Admin and maintaining classroom servers.
●Troubleshooting hardware and software problems in conjunction with the DOE Help Center.
●Setting up new computer equipment in classrooms and offices and Installing and Configuring software.
●Configuring wireless devices to access the DOE network.
●Monitored equipment and worked with the Help Center to ensure timely repair. Coordinating with MOUSE Squad.
●Assisting in the use of technology equipment and managing inventory.
●Responsibilities for troubleshooting Windows, Chromebook & MAC, creating reports of error and documenting the solution.

IT Specialist Trainee, NPower - New York, NY 8/2023 – 03/2024
Selected to participate in a 23-week training program for CompTIA’s ITF+ and A+ certification run by a nationally recognized nonprofit school for young adults and Veterans.
●Troubleshooting - Learned OSI Model and obtained an understanding of the steps behind troubleshooting.
●Kali Linux - Performed on a basic level, Linux commands.
●Hardware Configuration - Acquired hands-on experience with building and disassembling a computer.
●Networking – Learned to set up cloud servers using AWS and maintain them with structural integrity.
●Additional Skills: Preventative maintenance, technical research, drive partitioning, driver updates, OS installation/imaging, anti-malware installation and removal.

IT Support Volunteer, LaGuardia Community College – Queens, NY 1/2021 – 3/2022
Troubleshooting: Assisted students with troubleshooting a variety of hardware and software issues.
Software Installation: Collaborated with the students on installing and setting up the Virtual PC, Operating system installation, Installing anti-virus, Disk defragmenter, Firewall settings, and system restoration.

ADDITIONAL EXPERIENCE
Traffic Enforcement Agent Lvl-2, New York Police Department - New York, NY 6/2022 - Present
●Maintain traffic order to ensure public safety.
●Utilize mobile summons devices and printers to issue violation tickets.
●Learned and adapted quickly to new technology and software applications.
●Performing data entry, analysis, and reporting.
Contact this candidate