Allen C. Weatherspoon
945-***-**** • ad4y6a@r.postjobfree.com • Addison, Texas • Allen Weatherspoon LinkedIn

Professional Summary

Skilled Personnel Administrative Office Specialist with an impressive record of achievements within all facets of office administrative and customer service management. Possess an active Secret Security Clearance and seeking entry-level Information Technology position. Combine sound time and resource management skills to implement strategic administrative and operational initiatives to enhance productivity, quality, client service, and overall bottom-line performance. Strong skill in recognizing customer needs with the ability to quickly identify escalation and de-escalation opportunities. Quick learner with a sincere desire to grow professionally with a great organization. Currently attending ACI Learning Company for Information Technology courses through the Computer User Support Specialist (CUSS) program. Seeking entry-level opportunities in areas including IT Specialist, Help Desk, Desktop Support, Service Desk, or Technical Support.
Honorably Discharged Veteran.

Areas of Expertise

Team Supervision / Project Management / Risk Assessment / Staff Development / Configure Install/ Policy Implementation
End-User Support / Organizational Communication / Functional Collaboration / Team Building & Leadership / Staff Training & Development / Account Management Community Relations / Outreach & Engagement / Business Development / Documentation & Reports / Strong Analytical Skills / Open Source Technology / Quality Assurance / Compliance & Security / Software and Hardware Configuration / Security Analysis / Software and Hardware Troubleshooting / Software and Hardware Installation / Interpersonal Communication /Problem Solving / Critical Thinking / Leadership

Education

ACI Learning – Computer User Support Specialist Graduated September 2022
CompTIA A+ Anticipated Exam Date: December 2025
Security+ Anticipated Exam Date: December 2025
Network + Anticipated Exam Date: January 2025
ITIL Anticipated Exam Date: January 2025
Computer Science Bachelors Anticipated Graduation: May 2027

Professional Experience
United States Army – Fort Carson August 2019-2022
Petroleum Supply Specialist
Coordinated, prioritized, and monitored all production work center maintenance efforts.
Assigned material priorities and monitored overall material support and ground support equipment usage.
Interpreted electronic and mechanical schematics to assist in equipment repair and routine changes.
Identified potential problems and opportunities and perceived the impact and the implications of decisions on other components of the organization.
Serviced equipment in the areas of fuel, oil, water, and air requirements and minor vehicle repairs.

Personnel Administrative Specialist
Manage daily general office administrator responsibilities.
Work independently to accomplish administrative tasks.
Establish and maintain electronic and paper files and enter and retrieve data.
Manage project and account reports monthly as well as weekly payroll, and account collectibles reports.
Assist managers in creating data sheets and researching information for future company programs.
Provide comprehensive, direct-level administrative support to managers and supervisors.
Manage administrative functions to ensure efficient operation of the office and its programs.
Work independently to accomplish administrative tasks.
Organize, collect, analyzed, and distribute information related to programs and projects.
Utilize office automation, database management, word processing, and financial software programs.
Troubleshot peripherals such as printers, monitors, and software used for administrative duties.

Office & Personnel Manager
Managed office personnel, general and operational administrative procedures, and established, directed, and supervised the administrative functions of the office.
Coordinated, scheduled, and supervised the duties and responsibilities of the personnel clerks, and administrative clerks
Supervised the flow of paperwork to ensure proper staffing of all inbound and outbound correspondence, drafting, and publishing.
Ensured administrative policies were followed, receive and route correspondence, handed and safeguard classified material, prepare responses to special correspondence, and establish, and maintain command reports control.
Answer recurring questions and resolve administrative and clerical problems.
Provide backup front-desk support on the multi-line telephone system.
Received and referred visitors.
Manage front office desk and reception area and greet and assist customers.

L1 Analyst

Knowledge of AMAG, Lenel, and Salient product solutions.
Knowledge and understanding of intrusion detection systems, electronic access control, CCTV, IP video, surveillance systems.
Programming of CCTV and access control devices

Job-Related Training
Occupation Safety and Health Administration (OSHA), Equal Opportunity (EO)
Administrative Specialist School
Counseling for Marines, Certificate
Small Unit Leader’s Course

Technical Skills
Software: Microsoft Windows 365 SharePoint Quick Book
Operating Systems: Microsoft Windows MAC OS
Contact this candidate