Conair Corporation – Sr. IT Support Specialist\IT Site Manager
March 2017– Present
Responsible for the management of IT infrastructure for Network Servers, VMWare Virtual machines, Desktops, Laptops, Ring Central Phone Systems, Zebra (150SL Plus, ZT411,ZT410, ZE500), Honeywell Voyager 1202G, HoneywellCCB00, Meraki MX65W and mobile devices for the Southaven, MS location Distribution Center. Zebra and Avery Dennison Printer maintenance and hardware onsite repair for Conair Southaven DC.
Global Riverbed Steelhead Global Administrator for North America, Europe and Asia. Administered 37 Steelheads and remotely configured initial WOS installations and WOS Riverbed upgrades.
Implemented, Supported the installation of New DMWH conveyor systems in the Distribution Centers in Southaven, MS, working with the 3rd party contractors from, Bastian, DMWH, and Lucas to accomplish the task.
Supported multiple company tradeshows in North American cities that brought in $100k to $250k per show. Used Square systems Point of Sale Registers, Meraki MX65W Access Points, corrected product, and pricing data, selling, stocking, issuing refunds to customers, setting up the on-site network before the show and quickly minimizing any downtime from issues that arose during the show to avoid a loss of sales.
Responsible for the effective planning, execution and on-going support of IT projects and initiatives in the Southaven, MS site supported. Remove and install all Cisco Lan Switches, Managed the network, phone and computer infrastructure for 725,000 sq.ft. distribution center in Southaven, MS with support for a dual shift Ten-lane DMWH powered shipping conveyor line supporting over $110m in inventory.
Collaborated as a team member to convert, consolidate, design, implement, and submit standards for a new Active Directory structure and domain.
Responsible for managing Global Gold Annual Steelhead support, procedures, and emergency incident response for 30+ worldwide Riverbeds for over 2500+ computer systems.
Identified and proposed cost-effective technology and equipment, the need for upgrades, configurations or new systems to ensure functionality and efficiency. Responsible for administering users, submitting budgets, configuring systems, designing and installing networks, managing Global Riverbed System, Dell EMC R750 Servers, laptop, desktop, computers, high speed label printers and equipment leases, responding to onsite Helpdesk requests, and troubleshooting Server issues for the Southaven site along with Global Riverbed helpdesk requests. Support ExacqVision server with 28 IP Security cameras

SOFTWARE\Hardware
Cisco Meraki MX65W, Cylance, Mobicontrol, ExtremeNetworks, ExacqVision
Shirazz, Brightsigns, Ring Central, Sick Scanning Systems-Sopas,
Windows Server 2003-2016, Kronos Intouch 9100 ADP Time Clock, SQL Server 2000, Capepack
ADP, Label Matrix, Entrapass Automatic Door Lock, (Light Rules Lighting-Commissioner), BrightSigns HD223, Fingertec TA200Plus, Zebra HH_9300 Mobile Handheld Computer,
Wing-Manager, SAP\WMI, Synology DS920+, Zebra PANDA ZE500, ZT410, ID Technology 255 Printer Applicator, Zebra WiFi Printer ZQ521-ZQ630,Mod Master,
VCE SD-WAN, Zebra TK_VC8300 Mobile Mounted Computer
McAfee Antivirus Enterprise
Microsoft O365, Windows 10, 7,
28-APC UPS IP Connected Battery Backup Systems
Dell EMC R750 iDrac

Network Administrator/ IS Support Specialist
Church Health Center - Memphis, TN - 2013-08 – March 2017
• Full-time IS Network Administrator\Server Support Specialist with the Church Health
Center IT department.
• Provide Windows operating system Support, VPN administration, Windows Hyper-V administration. Server and network monitoring.
• This role provides day-to-day technical incident, problem and configuration support for internal desktop,
laptops and Ipads, Office 365 systems software and hardware as well as IT infrastructure support.
Three years of experience architecting 802.11 wireless solutions
• Created Radius Authentication Server using Network policy Server
• Meraki Wireless Cloud Managed Administrator of Cisco wireless AP, wireless technologies
• Maintain wireless LAN/WAN hardware and software using the latest technology, including networks, routers,
servers, and systems hardware. Analyze business needs and recommend solutions
• Deployed 20 Meraki AP-16\18 wireless access points for 12 locations
• Identify and troubleshoot hardware and software technical problems related to wireless networks
• Install, configure and troubleshoot solutions such as: Exchange, Citrix, VMWare, Cisco and SQL. Installing
and supporting Windows Server 2003-2012, Windows XP, 2010 and MS Office 2003-2016. Project/Senior
Managers involve less seasoned members of the team to assist and learn during Implementations.
• Build standard Windows desktop which includes, but not limited to Microsoft Office, Adobe Acrobat and client
specific applications. Desktop imaging utilizing MS Deployment tools, Ghost.
• Windows server administration and Active Directory configuration
• Strong Network Administration and Active Directory skills
• Administrator to various backup and antivirus solutions, firewalls, routers and switches (SonicWall, Meraki,
Dell, )
• Dell Kace K1000 Administrator, Dell Appassure(BackUp, Replication and Recovery) Administrator
• Administrator to Trend Micro Smart Suite(Endpoint Encryption, TMOS)Microsoft WSUS Server, Microsoft
Dynamics GP 2013 Administrator, Patterson Software, PRTG Network Monitoring, Network Auditor 7.1,
Nessus 6.6 Vulnerability Scanner Management Software, Shoretel IP Phones Administrator, Sage-Abra Suite,
Sonic Wall-VPN, Visual Clubmate(Aspen)
SOFTWARE:
VSphere version 5.0.0 VMWare, CA Spectrum Network Fault manager, Kbox Kace Management Center K1000 Management Appliance, K2000 Management Deployment Appliance, CommVault Backup
Symantec Backup Exec, Computer Associates, WebSense\Surf Control Web Filtering,
Exchange Server 2003, 2007, Transformation Station, SQL Server 2000, PC Anywhere Ver.11
ADP, Ghost 2003, Ghost 10, Solomon, Timberline, Symantec Ghost Solution Suite 2.0
Omni Form 4.0, Paper Port, Applied Systems-Vision, Fax Server, Mod Master,
Gifts Micro Edge (Grant management Software), McAfee Antivirus Enterprise

Backup Administrator
IPS Technologies Manufacturing\ Robert Half Technology - Memphis, TN - 2013-06 - 2013-06
• Replaced Quantum Superloader3 in Corporate Office, Enable Bar Code Reader for Tape Inventory
• Replaced Failed SAS Hard Drive utilizing HP Array Configuration Utility
• Successfully got IPS Quantum Superloader3 for their Manufacture and Corporate office locations online.
• Administer BackUp Exec 2010R3 for system tape backups on Quantum SuperLoader 3 LTO-5 hardware
utilizing robotic tape magazine
• Configuring tape drives/ tape drive cleaning and stuck media removal.
Created and managed media sets, configured storage devices and setup daily full backup jobs through
Symantec Backup Exec 2010R3

System Administrator
International Paper Southwind\ Robert Half Technology - Memphis, TN - 2013-03 - 2013-05
Memphis, TN 3/25/2013 -5/17/2013
• Worked on Plant Migrations and Facilities Migration projects after acquisition of Temple-Inland by
International Paper.
• Utilized HP Smart Array to create Raid 6(ADG) Logical Drives for ESXI 5.0 Host
• Utilized knowledge of HP ILO System (Integrated Lights Out) Integrated Remote Console to build and
configure VM Ware 4.0, 5.0 Esxi hosts for facilities templates.
• Added VM's from templates for Plant and Facilities File Server and Domain Controller migrations to Virtual
Environment.
• Builded Domain Controller, File Servers in vSphere Virtual Environment
• Post Virtual Machine Configuration, TCPIP, DNS, SNMP, ILO Verification
• Created Consolidated Permissions lists for migrating users, groups and file permissions to new IP Domain.
• Created\Activated DHCP Scopes for Lan and IP wireless network for file server migrations
• Created Site Specific Data Copy, Data Move batch files to facilitate network and file server cutovers

Mobile Mini Network Upgrade Engineer
Smartsource Inc - West Chicago, IL - 2013-03 - 2013-03
• Mobile Mini project is a multi-phased project to upgrade the network environment and replace the current
Mitel 3300 CX phone system.
• Uninstall and reinstalled Pre-configured 2951 Cisco router equipment and Cisco 2960-24 Port Switch,
powered up 2951 router and connected to the 2xT1 PPPML MPLS connection.
• Connect Spanlink provided LAN patch cable from router to newly installed
Cisco switch 2951
• Utilizing a Spanlink provided network login ID, perform basic
PC/Phone/Printer testing (performed on a sampling of branch machines to verify operation)
ProTech Systems Group, Inc
NOC/Help Desk Engineer, Memphis, TN, October 3, 2012 ~ Feb. 22, 2013
Ability to work remotely on various technologies such as Remote monitoring technologies utilizing the latest in monitoring and management software, VMWare, VDI, Citrix, Cloud Services (including Hosted Exchange, Hosted SAAS, Hosted Spam, Hosted Archiving, Remote Backup and Recovery Solutions), latest Windows OS' of all types, SharePoint, Exchange (all versions), Cisco Routers/Switch/Security solutions of all types, ShoreTel VOIP, Fortinet Renewals, Sonic Wall, FalconStor Appliances, Pillow Axiom and Dell SAN M3200ITechnologies,
NOC/HelpDesk Engineer responsibilities:
Engineer connects remotely to provide end user technical support to clients for various types of technical requests.
Engineer connects remotely to configure and troubleshoot Windows Server technical needs for clients.
Engineer connects remotely to troubleshoot Exchange servers as needed.
Engineer connects remotely to diagnose network issues and login and configure basic router and switch requirements.
NOC/HelpDesk Engineer technical skills:
Remote Windows Server Administration - 2003/2008
Remote Windows Desktop Administration - WindowsXP, Windows7
Remote Exchange Administration - 2003/2007/2010 (Installation/Configuration)
Remote Network Administration - Switch/Router technologies
Jacer Corporation\Navy Recruiting Command
System/Web Administrator, Millington, TN, May 7, 2012 ~ Sept 28, 2012
Worked in a DOD secure environment. Web server and COTS, GOTS application administrator. Proficient in configuring for CAC card utilization, LDAP integration using Tumbleweed and ActiveCard. Proficient analysis using Patchlink, Retina. Applied IAVA's in compliance with DOD regulations. Competent level IIS configuration for use with CAC/PKI. Knowledgeable of the processes used in the DOD environment. BigIP F5 and other network devices in support of applications hosted within the Millington Data Center.
Assisted with planning and managing the virtualization and migration of Applications into the new Data Center. Migrated applications into new servers for the new Data Center from old Data Center. Expert IIS 7.0 configuration, to include PKI implementation under intensely secured conditions. Web-to-host application install and configuration on Windows Server 2008 Data Center. MachII applications support (WebRtools, Nasis, Cirims), Mach III (Websteam, Legal Files, Rational, Footprints, MedWaivers)
VSphere version 5.0.0 VMWare where I administrated over 130 virtual servers. Expert level and/or Proficient in: Active Directory/Group Policy, Global and Local Security policies, Specialty in IIS 7.0. Proficient with Apache Tomcat (WebSphere Application Server) configuration and troubleshooting. Server 2008 Data Center Maintenance, Security, and hardening. Knowledgeable with VMWare and ESXI hosting Vsphere 5.0.
Maintain, implement security designs in the Public Key Infrastructure (PKI), Active Directory (AD) administration daily for utilizing Organizational Units (OU's) users and computers. Deploy network defense countermeasures such as Retina Network Security Scanner.
Configured PKI and/or CAC enabled private, test and development virtuals web servers, Troubleshoot complex issues related to x.509 security certificates and SSL, Open SSL on various host platforms Implemented IP Monitor software to monitor all DMZ based servers. Windows System Administrator. Maintain and harden virtual servers and applications for use in a secure environment. Responsible for Retina scanning with Vulnerator results to secure servers as they are brought online. Maintained DNS Black Hole IP Blocked List via Cisco Catalyst 2970 switch. Maintained IA proxy server logs via MS Internet Security and Acceleration Server 2006. Migrated production web server for STIGS testing.
Expert level of current technologies used in building web based applications quickly while meeting US Navy and USMC requirements. As part of the configuration team set up and secured singular and multiple synchronized web servers for public and/or private use.

Robert Half Technology\Buckeye Technologies
Network Administrator, Memphis, TN, January 10, 2012 ~ February 9, 2012
Performed network administration tasks including creating, modifying, and deleting users and groups, modifying rights, setting up network printers and queues, and salvaging deleted files
VSphere version 5.0.0 VMWare where I monitor and connect with over 75 virtual servers
Citrix, Metaframe with roaming profiles, I am fproficient with Citrix thin client
While at Buckeye I was exposed and monitors any trouble with the local and global network, along with Cisco routers using CA Spectrum Network Fault manager. When any issues arrive I utilize VM ware client to connect and troubleshoot shoot the issue.
I utilize Kbox Kace Management Center K1000 Management Appliance and K2000 Management Deployment Appliance.
Provided Help Desk technical and troubleshooting support to users in need of assistance with their computer hardware or software

Kemmons Wilson INc, Memphis, TN, November 2001 ~ December 2011
Network Administrator/Tournament Trails/Kemmons Wilson Insurance Agency Group
Racked, install, administration of Windows Server 2000, 2003/2008 Servers
Responsible for implementing and maintaining system security and configurations of 20 plus company servers while providing IT support, to include planning, software and hardware configuration to a staff of 50 plus end-users/Windows XP-Pro, Windows Business. Administration of user and computer accounts using Active Directory 2003
Performed network administration tasks including creating, modifying, and deleting users and groups, modifying rights, setting up network printers and queues, and salvaging deleted files
Assisted in the setup and installation of Wireless Access Points (WAP) throughout the corporate facility
Configured and maintained Dell Power Edge 2800 Series servers, Cisco Pix 560E Firewall terminals, Cisco 3560 switch and Cisco Catalyst 2950 Switches, Dell 2824 Managed switch.
Installed and configured more than 75 facility’s workstations/laptops while providing IT support to all end users to ensure efficient system usage.
Backup Admin utilizing Backup Exec and Computer Associates
Installed and supported network software including Exchange Server 2003, 2007 and Blackberry Server Enterprise Servers and email integration, Windows Server 2000, 2003, 2008R2
Configured mobile devices to access network resources such as Microsoft Exchange
Primary purchaser of all hardware (Servers, Desktop, Laptops, Backup Tape drives, software, peripherals and Microsoft Licensing For Kemmons Wilson, KWIG, KW Property Management, and Hotel management, Oaks in Colorado.
Supported KWIG Vision, Fax Server and Paperport Software, printers and scanners
MS Volume Licensing Admin\Software Assurance

Remote Sites-Wilson Air Center/Kemmons Wilson Communities-The Oaks At Parkview, Schilling, Appling The Villas at Great Plains, Pleasant Valley (Aurora, Longmont Colorado)
Served as the primary point of contact for all technical issues
Installed and supported various desktop hardware peripherals and software applications such as Microsoft Office
Performed network administration tasks including creating, modifying, and deleting users and groups, modifying rights, setting up network printers and queues, and salvaging deleted files
Created and managed user and e-mail accounts
Installed Servers using Microsoft Active Directory 2003, 2008R2 DHCP, WINS and DNS,(Wilson Air Center)
Configured mobile devices to access network resources such as Microsoft Exchange
Installed and supported network hardware including cabling, hubs, wired and wireless routers, and switches
Managed EVS(Electronic Vaulting Services) on line backup system Software

Telecorp PCS Memphis, TN April 1999 ~ August 2001 SYSTEM ADMINISTRATOR/LAN SERVICE TECHNICAN
Developing and maintaining technical expertise in the maintenance and support of 28 Compaq Proliant NT Servers running Vendor specific applications, (TCS, Geotel, Eshare, Atlas), 2 Back up Domain Controllers, 2 File & Print Server, 2 Exchange Server, 5 Citrix Server, Microsoft Back Office Suite and Citrix Metaframe).
Veritas backup system and disaster prevention/recovery capabilities of all PC and Lan based facilities. Configured, Installed and Administrated 4 (NT 4.0) Terminal Server with Citrix Metaframe Application Server Version 1.8 Installed and created published desktop applications (Atlas, Atlas Bridge, Magellan) for Telecorp Collections Department using group policies with anonymous and explicit users and created user profiles for Eshare Predictive Dialer users. Modified ICA Files for Published Desktop Applications

Sequel Inc Memphis, TN November 1997 ~ April 1999
Sr. Printed Circuit Board Technician
Test and repair Laptop Computers
Troubleshoot laptop system boards digital and processor circuits to component level.
Test and diagnose system boards failures.
PC applications experience (loading and configuring), MS-DOS, Windows (3.1 & 95) Microsoft Office, Windows/3.1/95/NT/ Oracle

Avionic Specialist Inc Memphis, TN November 1989 ~ November 1997
Sr. Avionics Technician
Test, align, and repair modern avionics equipment.
Audio technician component level troubleshoot passenger address amplifiers, audio control centers, isolation and compression amplifiers, navigation controls communication controls, air traffic controller controls, aircraft chimes\Power Supply Technician
Component level troubleshoots high performance aircraft power supply.
Sr. Navigation Technician
Component level troubleshoots military and civilian Tacan (Tactical Air Navigation) systems.
Repair Collins, Bendix/King VOR and ILS (instrument landing system) receivers, marker beacon receivers.

EDUCATION
WAN200 Optimization Essentials
CompTIA Security Plus Certification SY0-301 May 4, 2012
State Technical Institute at Memphis Memphis, TN.
AAS In Electronics Technology Dec 1989 Graduated Cum Laude
Federal Communication Commission---General Radiotelephone Operators License
Microsoft A+ Certified Professional (PC Service Specialist)
IBM YPC58 Certification (IBM Certified Notebook Technician)
Administrating Windows NT Server 4.0 New Horizon, Memphis, TN. June 1999
Networking Essentials New Horizon, Memphis, TN. Nov. 1999
Cisco – Geotel ICM Training Dallas, TX Aug. 2000
CentreVu Explorer Training Memphis Call Center July 1999

Johnnie R. Blue
2878 Invergarry Rd.. ~ Memphis, TN 38128
Hm. 901-***-**** ~ Mb.901-***-****
ad4zps@r.postjobfree.com
SUMMARY OF QUALIFICATIONS
Highly Accomplished Network Administrator with 26 years of experience providing solutions for mission critical network systems. Ability to work independently without any supervision. Successful history of leading network infrastructure deployments and enhancements. Detail-oriented with a track record of delivering infrastructure enhancements on time and with minimum impact to production.
EMPLOYMENT HISTORY
SOFTWARE:
VSphere version 5.0.0 VMWare, CA Spectrum Network Fault manager, Kbox Kace Management Center K1000 Management Appliance, K2000 Management Deployment Appliance, CommVault Backup
Symantec Backup Exec, Computer Associates, WebSense\Surf Control Web Filtering,
Exchange Server 2003, 2007, Transformation Station, SQL Server 2000, PC Anywhere Ver.11
ADP, Ghost 2003, Ghost 10, Solomon, Timberline, Symantec Ghost Solution Suite 2.0
Omni Form 4.0, Paper Port, Applied Systems-Vision, Fax Server, Mod Master,
Gifts MicroEdge (Grant management Software), McAfee Antivirus Enterprise
Tumbleweed, Active Card, Gold Disk, Retina, Lumension
Contact this candidate