**** ******** ***. *** ***. NORTH HOLLYWOOD C.A, *1606
HOME: 323-***-**** EMAIL: ad58w9@r.postjobfree.com

JOSHUA QUINTANILLA
OBJECTIVE
To obtain a position that allows me to utilize my Customer Service, Computer Technology, Quality Assurance, Help Desk/Onsite, Network, Cloud, and Mobile device skills.

SKILLS

●Microsoft Office 2003-O365 (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook, OneDrive, & MS Teams)
●Microsoft Office for Mac 2008-O365 (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook, OneDrive, & MS Teams)
●G-Suite (Google Docs, Google Sheets, Google Slides, and Google Drive)
●Adobe Acrobat Standard/Professional 9 – DC
●Apple iWork (Pages, Numbers, Keynote)
●OpenOffice 3.0 – 4.1
●Microsoft Windows 95, 98, ME, 2000, XP, Vista, Windows 7, Windows 8.1, Windows 10, & Windows 11
●Mac OS 10.2-14.5 (Jaguar – Sonoma)
●Symantec Ghost
●Mobile devices: Apple iOS, iPadOS & Google Android OS
●Cloud Apps: Google Drive, Dropbox, Box, Evernote, Adobe Creative Cloud & Microsoft OneDrive
●Help Desk Analyst
●Deskside Technician
●Quality Assurance Analyst
●Bilingual: English and Spanish (Both written and spoken fluently)
●Customer Service (By phone, email, one-on-one, remote access, or web cam)
●Virtual Machines (VM Ware, Parallels, & VirtualBox)
●Remote Desktop Clients (Dameware, Bomgar, MS Remote Desktop, TeamViewer, & Remote login for Mac OS X)
●Audio Visual (Polycom Systems, Tandberg, Crestron, Cisco, Logitech, Plantronics, Slack, MS Teams, Web Ex & Fuze)
●Microsoft Windows Active Directory
●Microsoft SCCM & Intune
●JAMF
●Microsoft SharePoint O365
●Microsoft Exchange
●IBM Lotus Notes & Sametime
●NetSuite
●VPN Clients (Cisco AnyConnect, Citrix, Global Protect, and Forticlient)
●Zoom
●Ticketing Systems: Cherwell, ServiceNow, Remedy, FillAid, Kaseya, Ready Now, Connectwise, and JIRA

EXPERIENCE
Fandango Desk Side Support Analyst Beverly Hills, C.A.
Aug. 2018 - Current

As a Desk side support analyst, I am tasked with assisting with Executives, SVP’s, EA’s, Managers, Directors, Supervisors, and standard users in the Fandango campus, remote domestically & internationally through many deskside issues. My daily tasks are to schedule a date and time with users, use our ServiceNow & JIRA ticketing system to fulfill requests, or getting directly messaged through Slack to verify their issue and assist in resolving them in a timely matter whether it was on a desktop, laptop, Mac, PC, or mobile device. My other duties also include desktop & laptop setups for new hires, ordering of new equipment including mobile devices and offsite tech support from Dell and Apple for warranty fulfillment, as well as refreshes for multiple users using Mac, PC, and mobile devices.

Duties Included:

●Created and configured desktop and laptop machines for Executives, SVP’s, Assistants, and other users
●Desk Side support for Windows 10, Mac OS, Printer, Network, Mobile, VPN, and Microsoft Office issues
●Providing customer service to all users by phone, email, IM, remote access, or in person
●Set up of user equipment on wired or wireless network connections on desktops & laptops
●Configure mobile devices for corporate use
●Imaging of machines for both Windows user and Mac OS users using SCCM or JAMF
●Set up scheduled conference meetings using MS Teams, Slack, or Fuze

NBC Universal Desk Side Support Analyst Universal City, C.A.
Jan. 2018 - June. 2018

As a Desk side support analyst, I was tasked with assisting with Executives, SVP’s, Managers, Supervisors, and standard users through many deskside issues all around the NBC Universal Studio lot. My daily tasks were to schedule a date and time with them to verify their issue and assist in resolving them in a timely manner whether it was on a desktop, laptop, Mac, PC, Android, or iPhone. My other duties also included desktop & laptop refreshes for multiple users using Mac or PC. Refreshes consisted of doing full profile backup and restore on old machines and putting the new data and software on the new machines with either Windows 10 and Apple MacOS High Sierra.

Duties Included:

●Created and configured desktop and laptop machines for Executives, SVP’s, Assistants, and users
●Desk Side support for Windows 7 & 10, Mac OS, Printer, Network, Mobile, and Microsoft Office issues
●Providing customer service to all users by phone, email, or in person
●Set up of user equipment on wired or wireless network connections on desktops & laptops
●Configure drivers and network access for network printers
●Imaging of machines for both Windows user and Mac OS users

CBS Desk Side Support Analyst Los Angeles, C.A.
Oct. 2017-Dec. 2017

As a Desk side support analyst, I was first tasked with working with users, executives, and VIP’s in a project that consisted in migrating their local Microsoft Outlook archives to the Office 365 cloud. My tasks for the users, executives, and VIP’s was to schedule a date and time with them to verify their archive files before they were migrated to the cloud. Once the users, executives, and VIP’s were migrated then I would assist them in where their archives are located and how to archive on the cloud. My other duties also included desk side support for multiple user in different CBS locations and assist them in different areas of technology such as Windows 7 setup and troubleshoot, Mac OS X set up and troubleshoot, Printer install and troubleshoot, network configuration and troubleshoot, O365 migration and set up, VPN install and configuration, LAN Connection set up, Wi-Fi setup and configuration, and software installation.

Duties Included:

●Created and configured desktop and laptop machines for Users, Assistants, Executives, and VIP’s
●Configuration of Outlook archives locally and in Office 365
●Desk Side support for Windows 7, Mac OS X, Printer, Network, and Microsoft Office issues
●Providing customer service to all users by phone, email, or in person
●Setup of user equipment on wired or wireless network connections on desktops & laptops
●Configure drivers and network access for network printers
●Imaging of machine for both Windows user and Mac OS users

Sony Pictures Ent. Information Technology/Help Desk Admin. Culver City, C.A.

Oct. 2016-Aug. 2017

As a Help Desk Admin, I was tasked with working with users & clients directly or abroad for Sony Pictures Entertainment on multiple offices, sets, and productions. My tasks for both users & clients included multiple duties to setup & maintain different areas of technology such as Windows 7 set up and troubleshoot, Mac OS X set up and troubleshoot, Printer install and network config., Exchange Email set up and O365 migration and set up, VPN setup and configuration, LAN Connection set up, RSA two factor set up, Wi-Fi setup and config., and software installation. I maintained all information by documenting it using our Service Now ticketing system and, if needed, sent tickets to other groups for proper configurations and escalations.

Duties Included:

●Created and configured desktop and laptop machines for Users, Assistants, and Partners
●Created and maintained different network access points for both internal and guest users access
●Assisting multiple users individually for Windows 7, Mac OS X, and Microsoft Office issues
●Providing customer services to all users by phone, email, and remote desktop
●Setup and administered different accounts, roles, groups, and delegates within Exchange or Office 365
●Setup user equipment on wired or wireless network connections on desktops & laptops
●Configure drivers and network access for network Printers
●Managed users, assistants, and partner machines using Bomgar remote desktop

GenIX Technologies Information Technology/Help Desk/Technology Consultant Los Angeles, C.A.

July. 2016-Sept. 2016

As a Technology consultant, I was tasked with working with clients directly, most notably with Marketcast LLC and 3Arts Entertainment. My tasks for both clients included multiple duties to setup & maintain different areas of technology such as the Windows Server, Print Server, Email filters, VPN, Internet Connections, Moving equipment, IP phone configuration, Wi-Fi setup and access points, Active sync for mobile phones, and software installation. In addition, I was also tasked to reimage multiple desktops and laptops with Windows 7 and Mac OS X that also included installation of multiple applications such as Office 2010, Office Mac 2016, Adobe Creative cloud products, and entertainment software for both assistants and partners for our clients. Maintained all information by documenting it using our Kaseya ticketing system and then switched to using Connectwise. With that information we also documented all our work for Generation IX using Google docs and Google Sheets as well for in-house information purposes.

Duties Included:

●Created and configured desktop and laptop machines for Users, Assistants, and Partners
●Created and maintained different network access points for both internal and guest users access
●Scheduling and assisting multiple users individually for Windows 7, Mac OS X, and Microsoft office issues
●Providing customer services to all users by phone, email, text, in person, and remote desktop
●Set up and administered different accounts, roles, groups, and delegates within the Exchange server
●Imaging of new desktop and laptops for users and software installation
●Created domain users and user admin access using active directory
●Adding Windows machines and Apple machines into the Microsoft domain
●Setup user equipment on wired or wireless network connections on desktops, laptops, tablets, & mobile phones.
●Configure drivers and network access for network Printers
●Managed users, assistants, and partner machines using Bomgar, Microsoft RDP, & Apple RDP

Matteo LLC. Information Technology/Help Desk/Desk Side Director Los Angeles, C.A.
March. 2016-June. 2016

As the IT analyst and IT Director of the establishment my tasks included multiple duties to setup & maintain different areas of technology such as the Windows Server, Print Server, Network Firewall, VoIP Server, VMWare Server, Internet Connection, Creating network ports and patch cables, Wi-Fi setup and access points, and IP Cameras & software. In addition, I was also tasked to reimage multiple desktops and laptops with Windows 7, Windows 10 (for testing purposes), and Mac OS X that also included installation of multiple applications such as Office 2016, Office Mac 2016, Adobe Creative cloud products, and cloud storage applications. I also maintained as an administrator the creation and access of Office 365 for new email addresses, admin access, and group email access as well as the NetSuite application for users also.

Duties Included:

●Created and configured VOIP phone extensions using FreePBX VoIP Server and GUI
●Created and maintained different network access points for both internal and guest users access
●Scheduling and assisting multiple users individually for Windows 7-10, Mac OS X, and Office 365 issues
●Providing customer services to all users by phone, email, text, in person, and remote desktop
●Set up and administered different accounts, roles, groups, and delegates within the Office 365 admin portal
●Imaging of new desktop and laptops for users and installation
●Created domain users and user admin access using active directory
●Setup user equipment on wired or wireless network connections on desktops, laptops, iPad, and iPhone’s.
●Configure Drivers and network access for network Printers

Polly’s Pies Inc. Information Technology/Help Desk/Desk Side Administrator Anaheim, C.A.
January. 2016-March. 2016

Provided Information Technology Administrating assistance to all the staff within the Windows 7 and Office 365 environment. Reimaged multiple laptops and desktops with Windows 7 professional and put all reimaged machines into the domain. Installed all enterprise applications and updates for multiple users and installed Microsoft Office 2016 within the Office 365 administrator portal. Assisted other Polly’s Pies and KFC restaurants by phone, email, remote desktop, and in person with setting up networks and POS systems in the restaurants.

Duties Included:

●Scheduling and assisting multiple users individually for Windows 7 and Office 365 issues
●Providing customer services to all users by phone, email, and remote desktop
●Set up and administered different accounts, roles, groups, and delegates within the Office 365 admin portal
●Imaging of new desktop and laptops for users and installation of all enterprise applications
●Set up of user equipment on wired or wireless network connections

Warner Bros. Information Technology Analyst/Help Desk/Desk Side Technician Burbank, C.A.
Sept. 2015-Dec. 2015

Provided help desk and onsite support for users within the Warner Bros. lot including the migration for Office 365 on Windows 7 and Mac OS X machines. Ran RMA’s for different equipment to be replaced for users when needed. Managed multiple accounts for users, Executives, VIP’s, and guests within the lot or visiting the lot that needed to use temporary accounts for outlook and webmail. Image multiple machines to have set up with Windows 7 or Apple machines using Mac OS X 10.10 Yosemite. Communicating with other groups to grant access to the proper active directory groups so users can use Warner Bro. apps and 3rd party sites.

Duties Included:

●Scheduling and assisting multiple users individually or as a team for tier 1 and tier 2 deskside support
●Providing customer services to all users by phone, email, and remote desktop
●Office 365 scheduling and migration for users using Windows 7 and Mac OS X
●Assist users with VPN configuration and connections
●Imaging of new desktop and laptops for users (domestic and international)
●Set up of user equipment on wired or wireless network connections
●Multitasking on Windows and Mac OS X operating systems for multiple accounts and users

USC Information Technology Analyst/Help Desk/Desk Side Technician Los Angeles, C.A.
June 2015-August 2015

A 3-month project for providing onsite support to Windows, Mac, and mobile users within the campus of USC as well as USC Keck Hospital. Managed the Microsoft Office 365 project migration and coordinated with multiple students, faculty, and staff individually to migrate user data from the old exchange server to the new USC Office 365 cloud server. Also supported in the remodeling project of the USC JHH building as well as support for the Financial Aid building and Student Registration building.

Duties Included:

●Working and managing the Help Desk individually or as a team
●Providing customer services to all users by phone, email, and remote desktop
●Office 365 scheduling and migration for users
●Assist users with VPN configuration and connections
●Imaging new desktop and laptops for users
●Set up of user equipment and network connection where by wired or wireless
●Using bilingual skills over the phone & email for all users
●Multitasking on Windows and Mac OS X operating systems for multiple accounts across the campus

Tetratech Information Technology Analyst/Help Desk Pasadena, C.A.

Nov. 2014-May 2015

Provided PC, Apple, and mobile device technical support to all customers and users both domestically and internationally by phone, email, and remote desktop. Managed multiple accounts individually for a wide variety of users across different locations using Active Directory. Coordinated with users to provide the utmost best customer service with technical support and one-on-one phone conversations as well as setting up VPN connections using Cisco AnyConnect and Citrix.

Duties Included:

●Worked and managing the Help Desk with a variety of users to close tickets in a timely fashion
●Providing customer services to all users by phone, email, and remote desktop
●Use of Microsoft Windows Active Directory on a daily basis
●Assist users with VPN configuration and connections
●Using the Cherwell ticketing system to document requests and issues
●Use of the Microsoft Live Meeting desktop client on a daily basis
●Using bilingual skills over the phone & email for international users
●Multitasking on different OS systems (Windows and Mac OS X) on an enterprise environment

Walt Disney Studios QA Administrator/Analyst & Information Technology Analyst/Help Desk Los Angeles, C.A.

July. 2014-Sept. 2014

Provided Windows, Apple, and Mobile technical support to all users by phone, email, remote desktop, & SysAid ticketing system. Also provided Quality Assurance administrative testing through multiple Disney Studio applications and projects used by cast members, crew, producers, and directors alike to provide the utmost best quality assurance. Also maintained the Disney SharePoint site using Microsoft SharePoint 2010 in granting users access to select Disney Studio information and maintaining the Disney Knowledgebase. Used Quality Assurance testing for all mobile applications supported by Disney Studios.

Duties Included:

●Working individually or as a team with Quality Assurance testing across many Disney Applications
●Creating and closing tickets in a prompt & detailed manner
●Providing customer services to all users by phone, email, and remote desktop
●Use of Microsoft SharePoint on a daily basis
●Multitasking & Troubleshooting on Windows & Mac OS X for multiple users
●Provide troubleshooting skills for users with mobile devices such as Apple iOS & Google Android

UCLA Medical Information Technology Analyst/Help Desk & Onsite Tech./Refresh Los Angeles, C.A.

Oct. 2013-June 2014

Provided PC and Apple technical support to all users by phone, email, remote desktop, remedy ticketing system, and in person during the Windows 7 refresh migration project. Also coordinated with users to provide the utmost best customer service for the end user with technical support and one-on-one phone conversations as well during the migration process. Also certified in both HIPPA and CICARE for patient, doctor, and nurse healthcare confidentiality.

Duties Included:

●Taking and creating assigned task for the Windows 7 refresh migration project as a team and individually
●Creating and closing tickets in a prompt & detailed manner using Service Now
●Providing customer services to all users by phone, email, and remote desktop
●Use of Microsoft Windows Active Directory on a daily basis
●Working with both PC and Macintosh systems for various users within the hospital and Campus
●Provided many troubleshooting skills for many users with mobile devices such as Apple iOS & Google Android

Kaiser Permanente Information Technology Analyst/Help Desk & Onsite Tech./Refresh Pasadena, C.A.

Dec. 2011- July 2013

Provide PC and Apple support to users on a refresh swap basis to all qualifying business partners. Manage multiple desktops and laptops to have all correct user profiles, data, and network mappings on Windows XP, Windows 7, and Mac OS X operating systems. Have one on one set up with users and have a Q&A session with the user to ensure the desktop and/or laptops are operating efficiently.

Duties Include:
●Created daily assignments and task to provide customer service by phone and onsite for users
●Creating and closing tickets in a prompt manner using the Remedy application or web-based ticket system
●Troubleshooting issues over the phone, email, chat, and through remote desktop
●Building desktops and laptops with Windows XP, Windows 7, and Mac OS X image
●Testing and Setting up Apple Laptops & Desktops and Apple iOS devices to be compatible with the Kaiser domain

Allied Digital Information Technology Analyst/Help Desk Gardena, C.A.

Nov. 2010-Oct.2011

Provided PC and Apple technical support to all customers and users both domestic and international by phone, email, and remote desktop. Managed multiple accounts individually for such companies as LAM Research, Federal Signal Corporation, and Kingston Technology. Coordinated with users to provide the utmost best customer service for the end user with technical support and one-on-one phone conversations as well.

Duties Included:

●Working the call center to provide Tier 1 Help Desk tickets to keep records of technical issues
●Use of Microsoft Windows Active Directory on a daily basis
●Use of the Citrix remote desktop client on a daily basis
●Using bilingual skills over the phone for international users
●Multitasking on Windows and Mac OS X operating systems for multiple accounts
●Provide troubleshooting skills over the phone for users with Apple Mac OS X & Apple iOS devices

Metro-Goldwyn Mayer

May 2010-June 2010 Information Technology Analyst/Help Desk & Onsite Tech. Culver City, C.A.

Provide PC and Apple technical support to all users by phone, email, remote desktop, and Onsite. Worked with multiple users on troubleshooting wireless devices and mobile devices. Coordinated with the user's special conference set up for domestic and international guests.

Duties Included:

●Providing tier 2 Help Desk and Desk Side support for many users within the enterprise environment
●Imaging and re-imaging of machines using Symantec Ghost
●Creating and closing of tickets using the Remedy ticketing system
●Providing customers service by phone, email, one-on-one, or by webcam
●Troubleshooting technology issues onsite for one on one session with single or multiple users

Trust Company of the West

Nov. 2008-April 2010 Information Technology Analyst/Help Desk & Onsite Tech. Los Angeles, C.A.

Provided technical support to all users by phone, email, on the Help Desk, and Onsite. Coordinated and troubleshoot domestic and international video conference calls using IP and ISDN with more than a year’s experience. Also provided assistance and troubleshooting for different types of mobile devices such as iOS, Android, BlackBerry OS, and WebOS for personal and Microsoft Exchange purposes.

Duties Included:

●Onsite one on one interaction with multiple users using either PC or Apple
●Office 03 and 07 troubleshooting (Both Windows and Mac OS X)
●Scheduling of domestic and international video calls using IP or ISDN connections on a daily basis with more than a year’s experience.
●Connecting and support for Polycom, Tandberg, and Polycom mobile Video Conferencing equipment
●Imaging and re-imaging of machines using Symantec Ghost
●Deployment and setup of new machines (PC, Macs, Printers, Projectors, Monitors, etc.)
●Creating and closing of tickets from customer issues accordingly

Best Buy

Oct. 2006-August 2008 Computer Tech Sales and Support Los Angeles, C.A.

Provide technical support and sales to clients and offer the best possible configuration for their PC, laptop, netbook, or Mac. Also Certified as an Apple Product Professional for 2007 and 2008.

Duties Included:

●Set up and configure laptops for best optimum performance
●Suggest the best advice for updating and securing of Windows and Mac OS operating systems
●Provide technical support using Geek Squad tools in store or on site.
●Staying up to date with new technology to provide customers with the best possible information.

Velocity Services Inc.

July 2005-February 2006 Technical Support Rep./Help Desk El Segundo, C.A.

U.S. and International Technical Support Rep. supporting Windows software based Dial-up connections, web based email as well as third party clients (Outlook and Thunderbird), and support for Voice over IP (VOIP) based technology configuration and also assisting customers with billing and technical issues.

Duties Included:

●Providing support by phone to domestic and international customers
●Creating and closing of tickets from customer issues accordingly
●Testing of products in the QA department
●Providing setup of Outlook 03 and Mail over the phone for the customers
●Providing technical support for Voice Over IP service.

The Community Technology and Education Center

Nov. 2003-Dec. 2004 Junior Network Administrator Assistant/Onsite Technician Los Angeles, C.A.

Troubleshoot, Installation, Configuration, Deployment, and Upgrades. Refurbished and repaired old and new PC's and Macs.

Duties Included:

●Deployment of new machines
●Onsite Set up of refurbished machines for donation purposes
●Imaging and re-imaging of machine using Symantec Ghost
●Onsite Set up IP of machines for networking purposes
●Configuring projectors and laptops for keynote speeches using PowerPoint and Keynote

EDUCATION

Sept. 2007-Present East Los Angeles Skill Center Los Angeles, C.A.
A+ Certification Courses/CCNA Courses

Taking courses to become a Cisco Certified Network Associate.

June 2004-2008 Pasadena City College Los Angeles, C.A.
General Education/Computer Engineering

Basic state general education requirements as well as courses in the interest of computer technology.

August 1999 - June 2002 Benjamin Franklin High School Los Angeles, C.A.
General Education

Basic state general education requirements for the Los Angeles Unified School district and Regional Occupational Program certificate.

REFERENCES

References given upon request
Contact this candidate