MYLEN POMBO TANDA
561-***-****
ad5bgk@r.postjobfree.com
Miami, United States 33196
https://www.linkedin.com/in/mylen-pombo-tanda-712095b9/

SUMMARY
10+ years of experience as IT Support Technician with a customer satisfaction > 95%. Customer service support focus with strong communication, flexibility, patience, and problem-solving skills. Validating skills in technical support of hardware, software, networks, and operating systems. CompTIA A+ certified. Bilingual in Spanish and English.

EDUCATION
CompTIA A+ certification training – Clark University and CompTIA - April to August 2023
Master of Science in Information Science - University of Havana, Cuba - Sept 2002 to July 2004
Bachelor of Science in Information Science - University of Havana, Cuba - Awarded Golden Diploma

SKILLS AND ABILITIES
Customer Service Data Collection
Equipment repairs, installations and troubleshooting Problem solving
Network Infrastructure Support Risk Identification
Software and Hardware Implementation Technology Evaluations
Good time management, proactive and self-taught Able to work under pressure
Rapid learning and adaptability to change Willingness to learn new technologies
Good oral and written communication Flexibility
Work ethics, responsibility, and discretion Troubleshooting Software/ Hardware

WORK EXPERIENCE
IT SUPPORT SPECIALIST – Center of Molecular Immunology, Havana Cuba 09/1993 - 01/2023
Performed installations, upgrades, and troubleshooting for 250+ users and 180 devices, including laptops, desktops, printers, and smartphone devices.
Responded to support requests from end-users using proprietary ticketing system with a customer satisfaction > 95%.
Configured and installed personal computers and laptops.
Executed hardware and software upgrades
Installed firewalls and anti-virus software.
Corrected connectivity faults to restore user access to local networks.
Completed routine and complex software and hardware installations
Tested and installed motherboards, processors, hard disks, RAM, power supply units and graphics cards on desktops and laptops for corporate staff.
Used diagnostic tools to identify hardware failures and replace non-functional components.
Performed troubleshooting to correct computer hardware and software malfunctions.
Linked computers to network and peripheral equipment.
Set up and maintained user accounts and client access.
Maintained office PCs, networks and mobile devices.
Contact this candidate