ARTURO VALENZUELA
ad5v9u@r.postjobfree.com 602-***-**** Phoenix, AZ 85037 WWW: Bold Profile

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Proficient INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY ANALYST offering more than 20 years of experience in helpdesk operations, network maintenance and mobile device support. Applies technical expertise and diagnostic abilities toward solving problems and maintaining usability and performance. Versed in large data storage networks, voice/data innovations and VPNs. (AI Driven Solutions) Innovation will be my driving force towards contributing and improving within your organization.

ACCOMPLISHMENTS

Modernized Software Participant Tracking System and Database (Oracle DOS Based to Cloud Based) and led companywide training on crucial new infosec policies, procedures and technologies.
Protected vulnerable networks following detailed risk assessments. Guided cross-functional teams in the design, validation, acceptance testing and implementation of secure, networked communications across remote sites for Financial and Government Sector.
Led comprehensive security infrastructure upgrades (e.g., firewall/VPN upgrades, intrusion detection, token-based authentication and remote management) for various midsize and large companies.

SKILLS

Network Troubleshooting

Network configuration
VPN Configuration

Root Cause Analysis
Wireless Networking

Routing Protocols
Ticket management

IP Addressing and Subnetting
Firewall Management

IP Addressing
Network Security

Disaster Recovery
Virtualization Technologies

Network support
Software Installation

VPN configurations
Data Backup

Software Deployment
Diagnostic Testing

Helpdesk administration

WORK HISTORY

Network Support Engineer II / All Covered Solutions - Phoenix, AZ / 12.2019 - Current
Being Leading Network Support Engineer II, I oversaw the infrastructure networks of communication (LAN, computer/phones, workstations and printers)
These functions include network, local and remote hardware installations, and support of the data center security administration (Microsoft Active Directory User Authentication and Group Policy Objects).
Led troubleshooting efforts for complex technical issues, resulting in faster resolution times for End Users.
Fostered a culture of continuous improvement within the IT department through ongoing evaluation of workflows, procedures, and technology utilization.
Streamlined helpdesk processes, enhancing end-user satisfaction rates while reducing response times for support requests.
Implemented, developed, and tested installation and update of file servers, print servers and application servers.
Reduced downtime to complex Hardware/Software Server issues by troubleshooting or escalating issues according to resolution (ex. Manufacturers Support or Warranty...)
Optimized network infrastructure through meticulous documentation of configurations, procedures, and changes.
MS Active Directory (AZURE) experience with the ability to create and test group policies and troubleshoot DNS and Active Directory problems.
Microsoft Network Support Technician / Jonas Software USA Inc. - Phoenix, AZ / 07.2014 - 11.2019
Chief IT Network Administration for Enterprise LAN/WAN environment, consisting of 160 Physical and Virtual Windows Servers supporting over 1000 desktops and laptops.
We utilized the latest Microsoft technologies including Microsoft Windows 10/11, Exchange Server 2016, Office 365, Outlook, Microsoft Azure.
Responsible for Configuration, Troubleshooting, Monitoring and Maintenance of Enterprise WAN and LAN environment.
Responsible for Data Integrity and Security to include System Redundancy and Backups.
System Administrator/Advisory IT Specialist / Pegasus Solutions - Phoenix, AZ / 09.2010 - 01.2014
Managed and led a team of 30 employees in the task areas of Equipment Acquisition and Distribution. Install, troubleshoot PC hardware, Software and Peripherals.
Maintained accurate property management of more than 300 pieces of equipment including (Printers, Computers, Faxes, Scanners, Switches, Routers and Phones.)
Deliver Service and Support to end-users using and operating an automated call distribution phone system.
Answer user inquiries regarding computer software and hardware operations.
Stay on target with the principles of customer care and Service Level Agreements (SLAs)
Simplified troubleshooting processes by creating detailed documentation for system configurations, procedures, and best practices.
Provisioned new software and hardware for use, following established security policies.
Managed user access rights to maintain a high level of information security while ensuring appropriate levels of accessibility for authorized personnel.
Maintained a high level of customer satisfaction by providing rapid, accurate response to inquiries and concerns regarding system performance or functionality.
Collaborated with IT team to develop and implement comprehensive disaster recovery plans, ensuring minimal data loss during critical incidents.
Reduced downtime by proactively identifying and resolving potential issues through thorough system monitoring.
Designed proactive preventive maintenance schedules to prevent unnecessary downtime and hardware faults.

Senior System Administrator / Reyes Financial - Phoenix, AZ / 07.2004 - 07.2009
Installed and configured more than 50 facility's workstations/laptops while providing IT support to all end users to ensure efficient system usage.
Configured and maintained Dell PowerEdge 2800 Series servers, Cisco 2800 Series T1 Routers and Cisco Catalyst 2950 Switches.
Implemented robust data backup solutions, ensuring business continuity in the event of data loss or system failure.
Deployed cloud-based solutions to increase flexibility, scalability, and resiliency within the organization’s technology infrastructure.
Coordinated system migrations with minimal disruption to business operations through careful planning and execution.
Resolved issues and escalated problems with knowledgeable support and quality service.
EDP Programmer Analyst II / AZ Dept Of Economic Security - Phoenix, AZ / 06.1998 - 07.2004
Served as a Lead Developer to manage a team of 12 Associate Developers across multiple projects.
Authored a Participant Tracking Database project conversion to Windows and Cloud Based environment (Oracle Database).
Provided ongoing support for users experiencing issues or requiring assistance with application functionality.
Installed and configured more than 100 facility's workstations/laptops while providing IT support to all end users to ensure efficient systems.

ACHIEVEMENTS: Received multiple achievement awards for exemplary performance and service based on clients' evaluations.

EDUCATION

Arizona State University - Tempe, AZ / 12.1997
Bachelor of Science: Computer Information Systems

CERTIFICATIONS

Microsoft Azure Cloud Certificate
CompTIA Security+
MCSE - Microsoft Certified Systems Engineer

CRYPTOGRAPHY

Building Applications on Web3 Blockchain on my free time. I like to inform myself about new technologies, including Web3, AI and how all those changes will change to world we live in. Looking forward towards building into the future world we live in and leaving a positive legacy.

LANGUAGES

Spanish

Native or Bilingual
Contact this candidate