Marisela Kutzbach-Williams
*** * **** **
Amissville, VA 20106
571-***-****
E-mail: ad67a6@r.postjobfree.com
https://www.linkedin.com/in/marisela-kutzbach-3a6a5999/

OBJECTIVE
Network/Cyber Security Graduate seeking a position as a full-time associate with your organization and the opportunity where I may utilize the skills and education in my organized, technical, and motivated background actively seeking to serve as a member of your team. Very interested in future technologies. I’m a retired-army-SatCom DevOps / Analyst specialist with a subspecialty in customer care and infrastructure technology. I’m most comfortable supporting defense initiatives and customer-facing engineering. I look forward to working with you.

EDUCATION
Colorado State University – Global - Aurora, CO - Currently Pursuing Graduation October 2023
Master of Science in IT Management GPA: 3.77
Concentration: Cyber Security

ECPI University – Manassas, Virginia Graduation November 2019
Bachelor of Applied Science in Computer and Information Sciences GPA: 3.67
Concentration: Cyber Network Security

ECPI University – Manassas, Virginia Graduation October 2018
Associate of applied Science in Computer and Information Sciences GPA: 3.76
Concentration: Cyber Network Security

Honors/Awards Recipient of Wounded Warrior project, awarded by President Obama

Professional Memberships
Honor Student / Phi Theta Kappa 2017 July - Present

Skills
Bilingual, fluent in English and Spanish (Speaking, reading, and writing), Team building & mentoring.
Knowledge of MS Office Suite, PowerPoint, Visio, Windows, and Chrome, Excel, VMware, vSphere,
Zendesk Support Agent, Knowledge of Voice and Video Telecommunications and support, Skype for Business, Microsoft Teams. GoToMeeting/GoToTraining, Salesforce, and Higher Logic. ERP Knowledge and hands on working skills to include Jira, Confluence, Smartsheet’s, to include KnowBe4 Security Tool. Attention to detail to include successful oral Communication. Currently working on my PMP Certification, a work in process.

Professional References

Tony Caputo CEO – SteelCloud, LLC ad67a6@r.postjobfree.com 703-***-****

Dr Keith Morneau Dean of CIS at ECPI University ad67a6@r.postjobfree.com 703-***-****

David Champlin Senior Enrollment Counselor Colorado State University-Global 303-***-****

ad67a6@r.postjobfree.com

PROFESSIONAL WORK HISTORY

SteelCloud, LLC
Customer Success Manager 9/19-Present

Trusted advisor, manages deployment, and production adoption for customers. Coach and train all new associates and clients to properly use our product in a secure environment.
Conduct on-going account meetings to communicate best practices, develop plans for expanded functional usage, provide use case examples for leveraging key product functionality and communicate new feature releases.
Plan and conduct on-boarding and training for new customers, as well as associates and existing customers.
Responsible for coordinating travel for the mobile training and tech fair teams, using a proprietary travel system modeled off the military’s DTS.
Responsible for scaling and developing remote support teams, support tools and tool implementations.
Deliver customized presentations and demonstrations via web conference, utilizing GoToMeeting and GoToTraining, Zoom webinars as well as Microsoft TEAMS webinars.
CSM experience with Salesforce.com. This includes creating and disbursing Encryption Keys and Encryption Licenses for the deployment of STIGs.
Experience working in a client or Customer Success role within one of these industries: Cloud/SAAS and intermediate knowledge with audio video venders.
Trusted advisor with the project manager creating current and future projects with Unisys and various organizations for an approval on a standard SOP for US Military Branches to be used Nationwide. This includes an SOP implementation and use for general distribution from SteelCloud.
Great interpersonal skills with a positive outcome. Coordinate and screen all technical calls and provide the solutions or transfer them to the proper support technician.

Cyber Security Engineer / Analyst - Ashburn, VA 10/17- 9/1/19

Used Security Technical Implementation Guides (STIG) and CIS to harden operating systems.
Created New and Edited Registry Keys in Windows using Regedit.
Experience with RMF (risk management framework) & NIST 800 -171.
Compliance Scanning using SCC Tool.
Support Customer base of ConfigOS.
STIG Remediation for Virtual, Local Computers and Enterprise Infrastructure.
Helped Clients Reach ATO.
CIS Hardening Baselines for Linux and Windows.
CIS-CAT Tool, SCAP, STIG Viewer.
Hardened and maintained Windows Server 2008r2, Windows Server 2012r2, Windows Server 2016, Windows 10. Operating systems using STIG’s from DISA as a baseline.
Hardened using DISA STIG’s as a baseline of the following Google Chrome, IE10, IE11, Microsoft Office, IIS 8.5, Adobe Acrobat Pro XI, Adobe Reader Classic, & Adobe Reader Continuous.
Comfortable with briefing at all levels (technical and nontechnical).

SAS Retail Merchandising 3/17-10/17
Retail Merchandiser

Continuously engaged with customers providing direction and support.
Analytical and Planogram (POG) Services.
Specialized in providing unbiased planogram and space management solutions.
Experienced in working with multiple software platforms that allow our associates to provide advanced analytical and trend analysis reports.
Performed category updates/resets, using the latest technology.
Analyzed and monitored the market for the next best thing to come out.

Safeway Corporation, Inc. 6/16-3/17
Assistant Store Director - Reston, VA

Responsible for majority of the administrative duties (scheduling, policy enforcement, training and coordinating occasional travel for the store director).
Professional with strong leadership and relationship building skills.
Strong organizational skills, strong client relations.
Staffing training and development to include inventory control of total dry goods / center store.
Recommended, selected, and helped locate and obtain out of stock products.
Forecasted and ensured all schedules were provided for business needs of a staff of 45-50 associates for entire store weekly.
Communicated with vendors due to weekly sales and space for advertisement.
Maintain overall integrity.

Food Lion Delhaize, Inc. 3/15-5/16
Store Manager - Culpeper, VA

Managed the store’s calendar, juggling employee schedules, being proactive and reactive to all situations.
Accountable for providing daily operations in entire store, while maintaining the highest level of service and quality standards.
Accountable for all associates in my store, ensuring all associates are fully performing their tasks and responsibilities.
Accountable for building sales, having the right conversations with assistant managers, department managers, ETC.
Conducted weekly power hours which included employee huddles and building a positive atmosphere for all.
Managed all budget and expenses by utilizing P&L data, marketing, and merchandising programs.
Analyzed the performance of each category making recommendations to drive business results.
Followed all Federal/State regulations this includes product recalls and proper disposition of product.
Always maintained overall integrity.
Active involvement with the community and local food banks.

Wal-Mart, Inc 8/14-3/15
Assistant Store Manager- Warrenton, VA

Accountable for daily operations – setting schedules, answering customer calls, ensuring inventory.
Responsible for developing and maintaining a work calendar for all associates in the department - consisting of 25 to 30 associates.
Enforced quality control according to Federal/State regulatory agricultural regulations.
Conducted Monthly inventories to include shrink, gross profit, and P&L report.

Unemployed 5/14-8/14

Giant Food, LLC 5/09-5/14
Assistant Store Manager – NOVA Various locations, VA
Accountable for daily operations of grocery, general merchandise, frozen food, dairy, health, and beauty care departments along with people development and training.
Followed all Federal/State safety and Regulatory Inspection Agency policies and safety requirements.
Enforced best hiring practices in accordance with Federal and State legislation.
Knowledge of labor relations, union contracts, and arbitration hearings.
Managed stores ranging from $400k to $1.2 million in weekly sales along with 80 to 100 staffers.
Responsible for store activities and operations to include Employee development, diversity, and labor relations training.
Managed Customer Service, community relations, merchandising and sales.
Store manager relief during vacations along with temporary relief throughout the district.
Special projects including New Hire Orientation throughout the district, assisted the region with new program called KRONOS. A biometric scanner for everyone. Reduced identity fraud including payroll fraud.

Harris Teeter 3/07-5/09
Customer Service Manager- NOVA Various locations, VA

Responsible for Front end department activities, operations, profitability, and sanitation.
Responsible for customer/legendary service, food safety and sanitation throughout the entire store.
Responsible for merchandising, department presentation, sales, and profit performance.
Responsible for training and development of new staffers.

Unemployed 10/06-3/07

Albertsons Corporation – Valencia, CA 4/96-10/06
Service Operations Manager / Cashier

Accountable for providing excellent fast and friendly service in a professional manner.
Supervised a staff of 13-85 individuals.
Reviewed and analyzed Sales and Labor projections.
Maintained and administered inventory of stock and supply orders.
Conducted hiring and training procedures.
Assured Excellence in Customer Service.
Administered OSHA Audit.

Smith’s Food and Drug – Paramount, CA 7/93-4/96
Customer Service Manager / Bookkeeper & HR clerk

Supervised a staff of 16-37 individuals.
Addressed and resolved personnel and customer complaints and/or concerns.
Conducted hiring and training procedures for new staffing.
Assured Excellence in Customer Service.
Conducted all cash transactions, deposits, and safe counts.
Resolved all payroll concerns.

Pavilions / Vons Inc-Los Angeles, Ca 5/91-7/93
Assistant Bookkeeper / Cashier

Responsible for large volumes of cash handling, count and balance store daily.
Balanced of all cash registers.
Processed accounts payable / accounts receivable and reconcile vendor receipts.
Worked in a fast-paced office environment where near-perfection was required and sought.
Processing of daily store reports.
Reconcile credit accounts, disbursements with movie studios in the area.

Vineyard National Bank- Chino, CA 10/90-5/91
Customer Service Representative / Bank Teller

Cash handling: Accurately process customer cash, check, transfer, and statement transactions.
Customer service: Greet and guide customers in a friendly and professional manner.
Communicated with customers - existing and new account services.
Up-sell and redirected special services to appropriate account staff.
Electronic Funds Transfers: Processed recurring and daily electronic transactions.
Tracked and confirmed wire transfers for business and personal customers.
Consistently submitted balanced drawers (reconciled to zero).
Six-time recipient of "Teller Precision" monthly award.

Veteran Information
US ARMY 4/87-9/90

Retired Army with 3 years’ experience in: MOS 31K cross trained and experience in MOS31Q. Supervises and performs maintenance on manual or automated tactical satellite, microwave and troposcatter radio equipment. Worked in a classified environment with a lot of senior leaders (O5s, O6s, CSMs, SGMs).

Installs, operates, and performs PMCS and unit level maintenance on tactical satellite, microwave and troposcatter radio systems, to include, COMSEC devices and associated equipment, operates and performs PMCS on assigned vehicles and generators, supervises and assists team members in the installation and operation of tactical satellite, microwave and troposcatter radio systems.
Still very active and supporting troops. Provided transportation to a disabled vet to assist him with getting to and from school and even a weekend certification program.
Contact this candidate