EDUARDO GONZALEZ
IT SPECIALIST
ABOUT ME
IT Specialist with 10 years of experience in IT support. Proven ability to troubleshoot complex technical problems, maintain network infrastructure, and provide exceptional user support. WORK EXPERIENCE
949-***-****
ad68sn@r.postjobfree.com
Laguna Niguel, CA
EDUCATION
AS in Computer
Networking Systems
ITT Technical Institute
Orange, CA
Aug 2009- June 2013
Served as the initial point of contact for resolving hardware, software, and application issues for all users
Assisted with the inventory and sequencing-related modules within ERP systems (Pix and IQMS).
Worked with the HR department to facilitate the onboarding process for new hires, including account setup and asset management.
Provided training and support for all end users of the ERP systems.
Installed, configured, and maintained multifunction thermal printers for the production and shipping departments. Worked with our corporate contractor on network
performance and security, implementing best practices for IT infrastructure.
Resolved issues with iOS, MacOS, Windows, and Android- based handheld scanners in production and shipping departments.
Kept detailed documentation for all support events and reviewed with the plant manager quarterly.
Provided support outside of standard working hours, including after-hours and weekends, as required.
Spectrum Plastics Group a DuPont Business San Clemente, CA 02/2013- 06/2024
IT Support Specialist
SKILLS
LANGUAGES
Network architecture
System security
Technical support
Problem-solving
Excellent communication
Ability to work in a team
Project management
Attention to detail
Spanish- Fluent
Spectrum Plastics Group a DuPont Business San Clemente, CA 11/2009-02/2013
Logistics Coordinator
Coordinated with CSR and production to accurately ship production orders.
Ensured the accuracy of orders and shipping documents. Identified and fixed shipping errors.
Prepared BOLs and contacted carriers daily.
Oversaw production timelines to know what was able to ship. Worked closely with the shipping department to fix discrepancies related to inventory.
Contact this candidate