Dennis Eley
IT Specialist
ad6ofp@r.postjobfree.com • 240-***-****
LinkedIn • Maryland 20748
Technically minded professional with demonstrated history of delivering exceptional technical support and problem resolution. Track record of designing and implementing cutting-edge IT solutions to enhance organizational efficiency. Expertise in network architecture, security protocols, and system administration to ensure seamless operations. Skilled in diagnosing and resolving complex issues promptly, enhancing overall user satisfaction. Expert in collaborating with cross-functional teams to align technology initiatives with business goals, while fostering cohesive and efficient work environment. Multitasker professional, equipped with excellent communication, decision-making, and leadership skills, fully committed to continuous improvement with professional, operational, technical, and service excellence.
Areas of Expertise
IT Infrastructure Management
Hardware & Software Deployment
Cyber Security Assessment
Commissioning & Decommissioning
Accident & Incident Investigation
Cloud Computing
Network Configuration
Data Center Infrastructure
IT Governance & Compliance
System Performance Optimization
Ticketing Systems
Data Virtualization
End User Training
IT Documentation
Project Management
Technical Proficiencies
Programming:
JavaScript, Java, SQL, Python, SAS
Virtualization:
VMware, VirtualBox, Linux, Ubuntu/Kali
Systems Defense:
Cloud Services:
Auditing
CSAM, IDS, IPS, Firewalls, SIEM
AWS, AMI, EC2, AWS IAM
GAP Analysis – Controls NIST 800-53, CSAM, SME
Professional Experience
Assurant Inc. 2021 –2022
Mobile Phone Repair Tech
Perform repairs on various mobile phone models, including screen replacements, battery replacements, and other hardware repairs. Use diagnostic tools and software to identify and resolve problems. Replace faulty components, such as speakers, cameras, and charging ports. Conduct thorough testing of repaired devices to ensure functionality and identify any additional issues. Implement quality control measures to maintain high standards in repairs.
T-Mobile, 2018-2023
Mobile Expert
Resolved issues related to mobile network devices, showcasing robust understanding of their functionalities. Demonstrated expertise in pairing customers with devices aligned with user needs to enhance customer satisfaction.
Boosted device sales through effective customer consultations and tailored recommendations.

Sprint, 2018 – 2019
Consultant
Troubleshoot network mobile devices for optimal functionality and resolve technical issues. Assessed user requirements and offered personalized recommendations and solutions to enhance their overall experience with Apple products. Actively engaged in continuous learning to maintain a high level of expertise in Apple products and related technologies.
Served as an Apple Master and Small Business Expert (SBE) representative and utilized in-depth knowledge of Apple products, while providing expert assistance to customers.
Increased sales production by actively engaging with customers to meet their needs and drive product adoption.
Achieved an outstanding 163% composite score, establishing a track record as a top performer in the role.
Additional Experience
Store Manager/Assistant Manager, Cricket Wireless/ SMB Solutions, Washington DC
MNCPPC Shift Manager/Zam Driver/CSR, Tucker Road Ice Rink, Ft. Washington
Education
Bachelor of Science - Cybersecurity & Network Information (GPA: 3.5)
University of Maryland Global Campus, Adelphi Maryland
Bachelor of Science - Sports Management, Business Administration
Towson University, Towson Maryland
Certifications
WISE/ATLAS Apple certification - Certified
Cisco I.T. Specialist – Cybersecurity Certification – Cisco Networking Academy-In-Progress
Certification
State of Maryland Insurance License- Registered Producer 2015-2017
Contact this candidate