David Augusma
** ********* ***
Somerset Nj, ****3
732-***-****
ad6smg@r.postjobfree.com
Dear Hiring Manager,
I'm applying for a position at your company. Based on the posted description, I'm confident that I am fully qualified for the position and will be a strong addition to your team. I would appreciate a job interview at your earliest convenience. Please find my resume attached. I can be reached at the number above or at my email address. Sincerely,
David Augusma
November 2022- Present
David Augusma
52 Hillcrest ave Somerset Nj, 08873
732-***-**** • ad6smg@r.postjobfree.com
Objective
Highly trained and experienced IT support professional with proven experience in putting expertise to practice, having outstanding communication skills to interact both with clients and company. Key Qualifications
● Excellent telephone skills and good ability to use Remote Access
● Good analytical and troubleshooting abilities
● Strong knowledge of viruses application glitches and hardware issues
● Patient and able to walk customers through troubleshooting and repair process
● Excellent communication abilities
● Good customer-service skills
● Keeps abreast of changes in technology
● Good organizational abilities
● Good understanding of installations and updates
● Proficient in use of Microsoft Excel, Microsoft word, presentations and Outlook
● Commercial Trucking
● Routing and Logistics
● DOT Regulations
● Time Management
● Safety Management
● Carrier Coordination
Work Experience
IT Support Specialist
Dardan trucking and Transportation
● Extensive network device experience
● Excellent skills in installing, maintaining, and integrating network devices
● Superior knowledge of wireless networks, routers, and network topology
● Outstanding grasp of system security practices and information system architecture
● Exceptional skills in identifying and resolving network security issues
● Design and maintain LANs and system-level wide area networks.
● Perform regular server configuration and management.
● Develop group network security policies.
● Provide and update router and firewall security.
● Supervise configuration and maintenance of content filtering programs
● Provide first line response for users requiring assistance with information technology issues and problems.
● Respond to requests for technical assistance by phone, email and /or using the Help Desk system.
● Track issues to resolution while updating the IT knowledgebase with the solutions and logging all support activity.
● Escalate more involved problems to the appropriate staff.
● Image workstations and laptops.
● Smartphone and tablet support.
● New Staff IT orientations.
● Troubleshooting of applications, hardware and software
● Ability to write proper documentation.
● Able to work extended and flexible hours.
April 2021 - October 2022
May 1999- May 2020
● Support all level of users.
● Effectively translate complex, technical concepts into easy to understand language to assist non- technically oriented customers.
● Provided systems administration assistance.
● Maintain and troubleshoot devices and systems, hardware and software. DOT Line Striper Operator
Traffic Lines
● Performed general equipment maintenance and repair to minimize downtime.
● Prepared reports and technical documentation of day-to-day production processes.
● Monitored employee actions for adherence to safety procedures.
● Calibrated machines to maintain required productivity levels and adherence to quality standards.
● Reviewed production schedules and streamlined processes.
● Adjusted alignment of drills, guides and holding devices.
● Assembled parts and components using welding techniques.
● Employe welding techniques to assemble parts and components.
● Quickly learned new skills and applied them to daily tasks, improving efficiency and productivity. Carried out day-day-day duties accurately and efficiently.
● Drive large stencil striping trucks
● Deliver striping services as ordered on roadways, parking lots, highways, etc
● Accurate documentation of jobs/work: logs, work progress/status reports
● Work toward achievement of goals and deadlines for team daily, weekly, monthly
● Repair/maintain equipment: mechanically Inclined
● Assess and diagnose equipment/product issues.
● Operated all heavy equipment properly according to employer safety specifications.
● Worked flexible hours, night, weekend, and holiday shifts.
● Performed duties in accordance with applicable standards, policies and regulatory guidelines to
● promote safe working environment.
● Used critical thinking to break down problems, evaluate solutions and make decisions. Unit Coordinator
Rutgers University
● Received help tickets from users on campus and delegated tasks to appropriate departmental personnel.
● Provided on-phone and online support for users of extended campus communication network to
● facilitate effective operation of IT resources.
● Delivered troubleshooting solutions to departments and console operators experiencing difficulties with software, hardware, and network connectivity.
● Implemented improved assessment and analytical techniques for further achievement of identified
● departmental goals.
● Drove enhanced performance figures for IT team and department to meet stated management
● expectations and relevant standards. Planned, assembled and installed computer systems in
● designated networks as per specifications.
● Installed and configured IT network components and assisted in the implementation of designed
● IT network configuration.
● Performed customer services on different firms’ departments and resolved hardware and software
● technical problems in the system elements after detailed analysis, including computer failures and
● software malfunctioning.
● Monitored and administered IT systems of firms and made recommendations to senior managers
● regarding hardware replacements, upgrades and new installations required.
● Provided solutions and technical guidance to clients facing technical issues and difficulties. Maintained records of hardware issues, performance and supplies.
● Under general supervision, performed responsibilities for clerical work which also included inventory, drafting spread sheets and supervising work study students and coordinating special functions in the department.
● This included the responsibility for the operation, instruction and use of public Pc stations and
● digital Scanners and Administrative network copiers.
● Compiled daily data in self drafted Excel spread sheets, which included inventory, outside vendor services and vital departmental statistics.
● Acted as liaison between departments and outside vendors, resolved service issues between
● different departments in library locations, provided on site help, instruction and repair.
● Answered and solved phone questions.
Education
Franklin High school
Middlesex County College
EZ Wheels Driving School
Certification
CDL Tractor Trailer Training
EDLT Hazmat Course
Google Cybersecurity professional certificate (in progress) CompTIA Security+ ( in progress)
Endorsements
Air brakes
Double and Triple Trailer
Tank Vehicle
Hazardous Materials
License
Commercial Driver License (CDL) Class A
Contact this candidate