Colin Patrick Kness
Senior IT Support Engineer
ad6x3q@r.postjobfree.com • 410-***-****
• Lutherville, MD, 21093
Versatile and accomplished professional with substantial experience in directing technology initiatives, optimizing complex network infrastructures, and driving organizational transformation.
Experienced Windows Systems/Network Administrator skilled in real-time monitoring and support of physical and virtual assets across multiple data centers. Proficient in the implementation of automated management systems and incident alerting to enhance infrastructure software and hardware health status. Adept at operating under hybrid work schedules, with a proven capability to manage critical IT infrastructure effectively.3

Areas of Proficiency
IT Planning & Execution
Network Infrastructure Management
PowerShell Azure Management
ITIL Best Practices & Compliance
Imaging and deployment Intune, autopilot, WDS, USTM, Zero Touch Installation
Business Continuity Planning
Cloud Computing Adoption Azure 365 / AWS
Incident Alerting and Response
SMTP Mail MTA vendors
Vendor & Contract Negotiation
Real-Time Asset Monitoring
Team Building & Mentoring
Project Management
Data Analytics & Business Intelligence
Campus Wifi
Campus Wide Security Cameras
Zero Trust Security
Career Experience
The Associated Jewish Charities, Baltimore, MD 2006 – 2024
Senior Security / Infrastructure Engineer

As a seasoned Senior IT Support Specialist, I have developed and implemented Zero Trust architectures using a range of Microsoft technologies. My professional experience includes integrating Microsoft Defender for Office 365, Threat Intelligence, and External Attack Surface Management to safeguard against advanced threats. I effectively manage security and compliance with Microsoft 365 Defender, Intune, Azure Blueprints, and Policies. My use of Microsoft Defender for Cloud and Sentinel has significantly improved threat detection and system resilience across various operational environments. I deliver strategic and scalable security solutions that align with organizational goals.
Key Achievements:
Configured, monitored, and managed FortiGate firewalls and integrated IDS/IPS to bolster security and operational efficiency.
Undertook regular maintenance and updates of the security systems, including firewalls, intrusion prevention systems, and secure VPN communications. Windows Servers, Vmware & Hypervisor.
Conducted analysis of network traffic and monitored security logs to proactively address and mitigate potential security incidents.
Facilitated secure migrations and integrations, transitioning 1750 devices to Microsoft Teams and implementing Azure AD, through PowerShell Automated the provisioning and management of Azure resources
Designed and implemented secure network architectures, ensuring adherence to best practices and industry standards.
Monitored network traffic and analyzed security logs to proactively respond to potential security incidents in cloud and on prem servers.
Saved $80K annually and improved communication efficiency and Office 365 license usage by engineering migration of 1750 devices to Microsoft Teams from Cisco Call Manager.
Negotiated technology contracts for 22 non-profits to reduce costs and streamline expenses under Associated.
Maintained Cisco network infrastructure with Comcast ENS Private circuits and Internet VPN connectivity 22 facilities.
Planned, installed, configured and optimized hardware, software, and procedures for information technology systems and architectural activities, including hardware and software for multiple Data Center facilities.
Integrated ITIL practices using Solar Winds for streamlined issue resolution.
Led cloud migration initiatives, including transitioning 1700 devices to cloud-based Office 365 using Azure AD.
Enhanced security against unauthorized access by deploying organization-wide two-factor authentication via Duo Security and Microsoft Azure MFA., Fido-140.
Enabled operational agility during Covid-19 pandemic for remote work and video conferencing via Zoom and Teams.
Streamlined IT services for 22 nonprofits under The Associated and bolstered resilience during Economic Downturn.
Scripted Office 365 mail filtering and mailbox maintenance using PowerShell,
Multiple Campus WIFI refresh with Meraki, Aruba, Cisco equipment.
Multiple Campus Video Surveillance, Exacq Vision (Johnson Controls ), Meraki, Axis, Active Shooter, hybrid recording, cloud recording.
Campus / Network segmentation vlaning – in Wide area network with ENS back bone.
Emergency alert system implemented Campus wide.
Successfully consolidated multiple legacy servers into a streamlined virtualized environment, reducing hardware costs
Acted as the primary point of contact for critical IT infrastructure projects, demonstrating comprehensive knowledge and leadership.
Facilitated regular communication with stakeholders to ensure alignment on project goals and deliverables
Managed desktop images/deployment and refresh with Intune autopilot.

Social Security Administration / contract. 2005 -2006
Network Engineer - Active directory infrastructure Team

I was on the active directory infrastructure Team responsible the AD managed of SSA ROCKS/ Data centers, and the automated conversion of Windows servers to new OS and schema. Monitored / maintain the health and consistency of the AD environment FSMO / schema

Education
Bachelor of Science in Business, Towson University, Towson, MD
Technical Proficiencies
Operating Systems: proficiency in Windows Server 2019, Win 10/11, Linux. VMware, Hypervisor, SharePoint, SQL
Cloud Technologies: Azure AD, Office 365, Azure Security and Compliance, AWS, Wasabi, Intune autopilot
Security Tools: Comprehensive knowledge of FortiGate Firewalls, Microsoft Defender for Endpoint, Sentinel One, Avanan Mail Filter, Zero Trust security – MS Defender, MS Sentinel, MS Entra, MS Intune, MS Purview, Meraki, Cisco, Wireshark, Power BI, Graph, Crowd strike, Intune, MS PowerShell.
Networking: SDWAN architecture - FortiGate, Cisco Catalyst/Nexus switches, Aruba, Meraki, Extreme Networks, Aerohive, ENS, OSPF, EGRIP, BGP, ip4, ip6, SMTP. Experienced in configuring and optimizing LAN/WAN networks, including VLAN segmentation and VPN setup
Server Management: Proficient in the maintenance and configuration of Windows Server 2019, VMware Hypervisor, Active Directory on prem and in cloud.

Professional Development
Continuously updated technical skills through participation in industry conferences like MS Ignite and RSA Conference
Pursued specialized courses in cloud security, network architecture, and advanced threat protection to stay ahead of emerging cybersecurity trends
Contact this candidate