Joe Gutierrez
Present Location - San Jose, CA ***23
Skills Matrix
Skills Years of experience
Desktop Support 23
Windows OS/Windows Server OS 23/8
Active Directory 23
Printers (Zebra/HP) 23
Scanner (USB/ wireless) 20
Intuitive Surgical IT Growth
2001 to 2004: Help Desk/Phone Support
2004 to 2008, IT Level Technician 2
2008 to 2016: Senior Level IT Support
20016 to 2024: IT Senior Support Specialist
Professional Summary
I've worked as a Lead Technical IT Support Specialist for Intuitive Surgical. Over these years at Intuitive Surgical, I've accomplished various projects as well as supported both Manufacturing and Engineering departments.
I've collaborated with engineers to help create custom images of both Windows and Ubuntu OS. I’ve administered at times Microsoft MDT imaging on both Windows Server 2010,2012 and 2016. On VM and stand alone environment.
I’ve administered Trend Anti Virus on Windows Server 2012. My day-to-day support included troubleshooting network issues, imaging or re-imaging PCs on both platforms of Windows and Ubuntu.
I helped support different manufacturing software like Citrix, SAP, Agile and Seagull Bartender Label software.
I helped diagnose OS and hardware issues on many hardware platforms that included both HP, Dell desktops and laptops. As well as other third party PCs. I helped to bring up multiple sites that included printer setups (HP, Xerox,Zebra, usb handheld scanners.) image servers and pc setup, as well as setting up Cisco conference room equipment. I've helped troubleshoot Zoom, MDM, Okta Single Sign and Office 365 for new hires in the manufacturing and engineering departments.
I've created computer and user objects in AD as well as working with DHCP-DNS for IP reservations and also troubleshooting network issues. I’ve completed Incident request and projects using ServiceNow and help create KB articles. I've worked with end-users to help troubleshoot Cisco VPN, and break fix issues on laptops as well as cell phones. Also help end users with conference room equipment issues. Helped with cloud storage access using BOX.
Skills
Hardware
Installation
Application Support
Disaster Recovery
Planning
Software Deployment
Incident Management
Virtualization Technologies
Training and Mentoring
Remote Support
User Support
Remote Assistance
Debugging
System
Configuration
Backup and
Operating Systems
Hardware
Recovery
Troubleshooting
Technical Support
Troubleshooting and
Diagnostics
Zebra printer and server setup
Professional Experience
Intuitive Surgical Sunnyvale, CA April 2001 – April 2024 Senior IT Support Engineer
Setup up multiple manufacturing and engineering sites for new production lines, including configuring Image and Print servers. Configuring Zebra and HP printers and handheld scanners in both hardware and software setups.
Zebra handheld scanners
Worked with handheld USB scanners and wireless scanners
Identified and resolved hardware, software and network problems with good troubleshooting abilities and strong technical knowledge.
Set up equipment for employee use, ensuring proper installation of cables, operating systems and appropriate software.
Help create custom images with Ubuntu and Windows OS.
Image and install various applications on pc's using SCCM and Software Center.
Worked on daily request thru Service Now.
Education
Certification - Correctional Academy Everygreen Valley College, San Jose June 1998 Certification
Network ++
Contact this candidate