Clenda Perez Bisset
Homestead, FL ad7g21@r.postjobfree.com Phone: 786-***-****
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
Information Technology professional for more than 15 years with experience in the development of desktop applications, network administration, database administration, domain administration, maintenance, and support of business systems. During the last year I worked as a technical support specialist for a company specialized in IT, providing technical assistance, training, administration, and support of systems, expanding my professional capacity and work versatility.
EDUCATION
2004-2009 University of Information Technology Habana, Cuba.
Bachelor of Science in Information Technology (GPA 4.3)

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

GET - Specialized IT Services Company Havana, Cuba Systems Support Specialist January 2023 – Abril 2024

Provide correct training of computer systems to inexperienced users of the company and external clients.
Manage and configure new user accounts for computer systems in the company.
Troubleshoot user's computer systems to identify maintenance and repair needs.
Detailed instructions to users about the improvements provided in the system’s version update.
Collaborate with ten technical support representatives on the team to determine the best troubleshooting strategies.
Record daily activities to identify trends in consumer feedback for our systems and help guide software improvements to the development team.
Provide correct maintenance to the company's systems server and its databases, guaranteeing its optimal functioning and storage of information.

Transtur Insurance Importer S.A. Computer Science Specialist Havana, Cuba January 2014 – January 2023

Administration of the company's domain server.
Create, configure, and update user information in the entity's domain.
Manage company database server.
Guarantee correct functioning of the systems databases.
Guarantee correct functioning of the maintenance plan and backup of the databases.
Manage company systems server.
Create, configure, and update users and permissions to company systems.
Keep the Operating Systems of all company users updated.
Keep the operating systems of the servers updated.
Maintain documentation regarding information technology updated.
Train users for the correct use of company systems.

Desoft Delphi Developer November - 2009 November - 2013

Development of new functionalities in modules of a system in use in a client company.
Participate in gathering requirements for a desktop application in use by a client company.
Develop modifications and test new functionalities in the order module of a client company.
Develop modifications and test new functionalities in the order alerts module.
Update the modules required by the client by reviewing their requirements and reviewing the established code.
Collaborate with client and other developers to determine project needs and technical concerns.
Troubleshoot code to identify and fix errors that improved its usability.
Write instruction manuals for users with the improvements and modifications created in the program.

UCI C# Developer Havana, Cuba October 2007 – July 2009

During my degree I belonged to a Health project, learning teamwork, and enriching my experiences in the design and development of applications with .NET.
Study customer requirements and the specific needs of business projects.
Customize the developed applications according to the client's specifications.
Test the developed applications using the various testing tools and performance metrics.
Debug web applications to rectify errors that arise during operations.
Adhere to the .NET protocols and standards established for the development of applications.
Write a logical series of instructions as program codes to determine software communication.
Accurately document architectural design and code specifications.
Act as a subject matter expert and verify the content of user guides and manuals.
Modify or repair applications to improve their functionality and security.

SKILLS

Attention to detail and quick troubleshooting.
Trained to work with a variety of technologies, including local area networks, wide area networks, network segments, intranets, hardware and software.
Proficient in setting up computer workstations, including peripheral devices.
An analytical mind and inclination for problem-solving.
Capable of answering technical questions from users through phone, chat, or in-person support, hardware and software.
Technical expertise regarding data models and database design development.
Able to install and maintain computer systems and networks ensuring security and privacy.
Skilled to diagnose and resolve hardware and software issues on end-user workstations.

LANGUAGE

Spanish
English (Studying)
Contact this candidate