Thomas Barder
Mebane, North Carolina
ad7jvr@r.postjobfree.com
Cell-571-***-****

SUMMARY OF QUALIFICATIONS

Astute and analytical technical professional with a proven record in troubleshooting hardware and software. Demonstrated ability as an innovative thinker and effective problem solver. Expertise in repair and troubleshooting of diverse systems in the areas of Desktop Support, IT Support, Help Desk, Technical Support Services, Azure AD, Microsoft Administrator. Certifications: CompTIA Certifications - IT Operations Specialist/Net+/A+. ITIL Foundation Certified in IT Service Management V4. HDI-Desktop Support.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Family Health International (FHI360) Durham North Carolina. User Support Specialist Level 2. Sept. 2023 – Current.
Using my Microsoft Administrator Account (madmin) support user’s working 90% remote utilizing Windows 11 and Microsoft 365.
Microsoft Administrator Roles include Microsoft Azure / SD Custom Permission – L2&3/ Authentication Administrator/ User Administrator/ Exchange Administrator/ Microsoft Intune Administrator as well as Microsoft 365 Admin center .

Randstad USA- Temp Position as User Support Specialist Level 2 at
Family Health International (FHI360) Washington D.C. Nov. 2022 – Sept. 2023. {Project Complete}
Project work upgrading laptops for new and existing users to New Lenovo P14S. Install additional RAM of 16 Gig for total of 32 Gig. Image/Provision laptop using USB boot device. Join laptop to AZURE Active Directory. Add user as Primary user in Microsoft Intune Admin Center. While in Intune Admin Center place the device in Windows 11group so laptop upgrades to Windows 11. Check for all updates from Lenovo as well as Windows.

Prince William County Public Schools Woodbridge Va.
IT Support / Sept. 2020 – Nov. 2022.
IT Support of Desktops and Laptops in an Enterprise Networking environment utilizing Windows 10 and Office 365. Laptops are HP X360’s\ HP Streams \ HP ProBook 450 or 455 and Lenovo ThinkPad Laptops. All desktops are HP. Support is for Staff, Teachers as well as Students and Parents. Troubleshoot mostly wireless network connections and some wired network connections as well as all other IT Support Issues reported.
Image laptops via PXE Boot thru network connection or USB boot. Images are done using SCCM. Install any additional software as needed or requested.
Install and setup network printers via Print Management. Give System Administrator new printer MAC Address and once given static IP Address then install and configure via Print Management. Troubleshoot connection issues for both Network and Locally installed printers as well as any other issues reported.
Monitor Network for outages or failures using SolarWinds. Report to Network Team any issues.
Answer questions and troubleshoot email issues involving Microsoft Outlook utilizing Office 365.
Since all Technical Specialist work at different schools, it is necessary to communicate daily via Microsoft Teams.
Troubleshoot network connections utilizing TCP/IP commands such as PING / IPCONFIG / and GPUPDATE. Network connections are all wireless. Also troubleshoot Network printer connections.
Setup and configure scan to email on Ricoh copiers, inform users how to print to them using lock print.
Schedule warranty repair with vendor on laptops.

Astor and Sanders Corp. Contractor at Department of the Interior (United States Geological Survey. (USGS) IT Support / Sept.2019-Sept. 2020. Reston Va.
IT Support of Desktops and Laptops in an Enterprise Networking environment utilizing Window 10 and Office 365. Users may order any device they wish Laptop or Desktop and for some both. Computer List includes DELL / HP / Acer / Toshiba/ Microsoft Surface Laptop.
Image laptops using Clonezilla software or OSD. Both boot from USB drive. Clonezilla is faster than OSD and is used for multiple computers at a time. OSD (Operating System Deployment) takes longer however it joins the computer to the Domain automatically and installs some additional software. After imaging with Clonezilla you must join computer to the Domain and install additional software which would include Pulse Secure VPN as well as McAfee Agent for Encryption.
All computers must be assigned a static IP Address. This is done thru (IPAM) IP Account Management. Login to IPControl console and select proper subnet then select new available IP Address. Configure the MAC address and Host Name as well as computer description. After applying go into DHCP server and reserve the IP Address.

Troubleshoot Tele-Workers and remote users via Bomgar Remote support or Remote desktop connection.

NuAxis Innovations Inc Contractor at the Department of the Interior (Bureau of Land Management) Desktop Support/ Sept.2016 – Sept.2019. Washington D.C
Desktop Support of Dell laptops in an Enterprise Networking Environment utilizing Windows 10 64 Bit Operating System as well as Office 2016. Current Laptops used are Dell E7490 / E7480 / E7470 and E7350 2in1.
Utilize Active Directory to unlock accounts, reset passwords, enable /disable accounts and add computers to the Domain.
Re-Image Laptops and Desktops using SCCM vie PXE Boot. Load additional software if needed and encrypt laptops via McAfee Drive Encryption. Install Office 2016. Other Software includes Microsoft Visio and Project. Also, Adobe Pro.
Troubleshoot VPN connection issues. VPN is connected via PULSE SECURE.
Troubleshoot Tele-Workers and remote users via DameWare Remote support or Remote desktop connection.
Troubleshoot network connections utilizing TCP/IP commands such as PING / IPCONFIG / and GPUPDATE. Network connections are wired and wireless. Also troubleshoot Network printer connections.
Assist with iPhone and iPad setups for email. MaaS 360 is used to setup email account and monitor phone compliance.
Utilize ePolicy Orchestrator 5.3from McAfee to add users to EPO or perform system recovery and sync laptop with EPO to register user and allow them to set encryption password. This is used to manage users and encryption on laptops.
Pull ticket requests from Remedy ITSM V9. Tickets and Work Orders are taken based on priority. Critical / High / Medium / Low.
Setup VTC connections for meeting request in conference rooms as requested.

TELESIS INC. Contractor at Department of Commerce Washington D.C.
Desktop Support Feb. 2016 – Sept. 2016
Desktop support of Dell Laptops and Desktops in a Enterprise Networking Environment utilizing Windows 7 64 Bit operating system as well as Office 2016/2013
Perform Installs, troubleshoot PC Networking connections as well as wireless connections. Install additional software as requested such as Project and Visio. Handle other service desk tickets as dispatched to me via ServiceNow. Service tickets consist of PC or Laptop has no power or not working on the network, docking station issues as well as basic request such as Keyboard replacement.
Utilize Active Directory to unlock accounts, disable or enable user accounts and reset passwords. On occasion remove PC or Laptop from Domain.
Re-Image Laptops and Desktops using SCCM vie PXE Boot. Load additional software if needed and encrypt laptops via McAfee Drive Encryption.
Use TCP/IP commands such as IPCONFIG/ALL, PING, IPCONFIG/RELEASE or RENEW as well as GPUPDATE to troubleshoot and repair network connections.
Utilize ePolicy Orchestrator 5.1from McAfee to add users to EPO or perform system recovery and sync laptop with EPO to register user and allow them to set encryption password. This is used to manage users and encryption on laptops.
Setup and troubleshoot iphones/iPads and some Android phones using MaaS360. Setup new devices or place into container for security. Make sure phones are in compliance and email is not blocked.
Troubleshoot remote Cisco VPN connections either SSLVPN or Any Connect.
Use Remote Security Console to unlock VPN Token Accounts or Reset PIN. Also to assign new Tokens to user who lost their Token or it expired.
Connect to remote users via LANDesk or RDP to troubleshoot or install software.

Westat Rockville Md.
PC TECH / DESKTOP SUPPORT, Nov. 2013 – Feb.2016
Repair and support of Dell Optilpex Desktops in a enterprise networking environment utilizing Windows 7 64 bit operating system as well as Office 2013/2010.
Desktops consist of Optiplex 330, 360, 390, 3010 and some 745.
Install desktops, load operating systems using SCCM Server via USB thumb drive.
Support HP LaserJet Printers using HP JETADMIN 10.3 as well as Print Manager. Delete documents from queue, check status of printers and occasionally update Firmware.
Upgrade Hard Drives and transfer data using Ghost.
Tickets assigned using BMC Service Desk Express.

Digital Intelligence Systems. Contractor at EXXON/MOBIL Fairfax Va.
Desktop Support, June 2012 – Nov. 2013
Senior Tier 2 technician supporting PCs in a corporate environment with in-person support of office-based clients and phone support of home-based clients.
Desktop Support of Dell Laptops in an Enterprise Network Environment. Laptops consist if E6400/E6410 as well as E6420. Some E4310 laptops also supported. Support consists of both Hardware and Software. Desktops include Dell Optiplex 960 and 990. Account is 97% laptop use.
Pull tickets from queue using Remedy ITSM Software. Tickets consist of Hardware, Software, Network, Local Printer/Scanner, Remote access as well as network connections. Including wireless connections.
Perform Domain moves as users switch to another domain due to international re-location .Data is copied from laptop to Home folder on network then Home folder data copied to new Home folder in local North America domain. At that time user’s local data is copied to new laptop in North America domain.
Perform office computer equipment moves as requested and upgrade monitors or install second monitor.

Bay State INC. Crystal City Va.
Contractor with HP at United States Marshals Service.
Help Desk \ Desktop Support Dec. 2011- June 2012
Support of Dell Laptops and Desktops in an Enterprise networking environment using Windows 7 64 bit operating system and Office 2010. Install printers and scanners as well as other software when approved and requested. This support includes all national locations.
Utilize Microsoft Link and RDC to connect remotely for troubleshooting and installs.
Login to RSA Security Console to unlock accounts or clear pins. Work with end users to troubleshoot remote logins using real time monitor. Remote access is established thru Cisco VPN and soft token. When requested send soft token to users Laptop or BlackBerry.
Activate BlackBerry Mobil Phones to receive corporate email and contacts. Add user accounts and set policy’s using BlackBerry Enterprise Server. Troubleshoot connection problems and work with BlackBerry Administrator to report service outages.

OTG INC. Washington D.C.
Contractor at the Bureau of Engraving and Printing
IT SUPPORT Specialist, Sept. 2008 –March 2011
Repair and support of DELL Laptops and Desktops in an Enterprise Network Environment. Laptops consist of DELL Latitude D830 and DELL Latitude E6500. Desktops consist of DELL OptiplexGX280/GX620/Optiplex755/as well as Optiplex960.
Install company image on Desktops and Laptops using Acronis imaging software. Image consists of Windows XP SP3 and Office 2007. Also included is Symantec Endpoint Protection. Install PointSec Encryption on all Laptops.
Install other software on request. Software consists on Project 2007, Visio 2007, PaperPort 10, NFC, and AutoCad 2010.
Unlock accounts and reset passwords in Active directory using Help Desk Software.
Use Microsoft Configuration Manager Console to remote in to user PC’s and laptop’s to perform software installs and repair system issues.
Setup and install Thumb Drives with Kanguru encryption software and instruct user on how to use the Thumb Drive. Drives are 8 Gig in size.
Use TCP\IP commands Ping / IPCONFIG /GPUPDATE /Loopback Ping Etc .to troubleshoot network connections.
Use Remedy Software 7 to get tickets, update tickets and assign tickets from help desk. Also email users thru Remedy to keep them in touch with progress of their trouble ticket.

TRX INC. Vienna, Virginia
Desktop Support, Oct. 2004 - July 2008
Repair and support of IBM ThinkPad Laptops, E-servers, Think Centre’s, and occasional clone desktops in an Enterprise Network Environment. Laptops consist of IBM ThinkPad’s T40/T41/T42/T43 as well as X 40/41 series. Also support of Lenovo ThinkPad’s T-60/T61/X60 Laptops.
Install XP-Professional, Microsoft Office 2003/2007 as well as service packs on laptops/desktops. Install virus software and LanDesk client.
Configure Outlook, setup personal folders and add mailboxes.
Setup and test Wireless Network connections on Laptops.
Install and configure Cisco VPN client 5.0
Basic Administration of Microsoft 2003 server includes adding laptops/desktops to domain, unlocking accounts and adding new user accounts. Adding users to distribution list.
Perform IBM hard drive fitness test to repair bad sectors on drives. Use IBM restore and recovery CD to setup and initialize hard drives. Update Drivers and firmware on laptops.
Use TCP\IP commands Ping / IPCONFIG / Loopback Ping Etc .to troubleshoot network connections.
Create Purchase orders for new equipment and upgrades using PeopleSoft 8. Order equipment or Software using preferred venders. Analyze and plan for Software and Hardware needs currently and in the future.
Server support consist of upgrades/installs and occasional repairs. Monitor servers using Big Brother Professional.
Setup Polycom conference phones / Setup Polycom video conferencing including multi-point connections.
Occasional repair of printers.

TECHNICAL SKILLS

Software: Windows11/10, Office365, Office 2016, Microsoft Outlook and GMAIL, Azure Active Directory / Active Directory, Service Now Ticketing system, liIP Control, Cherwell ticketing system, BOMGAR for Remote Support, Remedy 7.5 IT Service Management Software, Adobe Reader and Adobe Pro, BMC Service Desk Express, MaaS 360, Microsoft Teams, RDC, Acronis Imaging Software, Ghost, SCCM for Imaging, ePolicy Orchestrator 5.1 from McAfee for encryption, TCP\IP commands.

Hardware: Lenovo Laptops P14 s. DELL Latitude Laptop’s, DELL Desktop’s, IBM ThinkPad Laptops, Hewlett Packard PCs and laptops, iPhones / Android/iPad, VTC Setups using Polycoms or LifeSize units.

CERTIFICATIONS AND TRAINING
CompTIA-A+
CompTIA IT Operations Specialist
CompTIA–NET+
ITIL Foundation Certified in IT Service Management V4.
Microsoft Office Specialist – PowerPoint 2016
Microsoft Certified Technology Specialist - Configuring and Installing Windows 10.
HDI-Technical Support Professional
HDI-Desktop Support Technician
Microsoft Certified Professional
Microsoft Certified Technology Specialist Configuring Windows 7
HDI-Support Center Analyst
Contact this candidate