Patrick Paul Pitts
**** ******* **** *****
Austell, Georgia 30168
Mobile: 816-***-****
Evening Phone: 678-***-****
Email: ad7rmw@r.postjobfree.com

Availability:

Job Type: Permanent, Detail, Telework
Work Schedule: Full-Time, Shift Work

Desired locations:

United States - GA - Atlanta
United States - AR - Little Rock
United States - TX - Dallas and Fort Worth Metro Area

Work Experience:

Internal Revenue Service
401 West Peachtree Street
GA 0087
Atlanta, Georgia 30308

10/2018 – Present
Salary: 65,471.00 USD Per Year
Hours per week: 40
Information Technology Specialist (Customer Support) (This is a federal job)

Duties, Accomplishments and Related Skills:

Provides advice and assistance to customers, troubleshoot complex problems, and provides support in a manner that minimizes interruptions in customers' ability to carry out critical business activities.

Prepares standard login scripts and establishing network access protocols to enable customers to gain local or remote access. Investigated advanced information processing technologies and tools to enhance the collection, analysis of data.

Participates in project work related to providing the best possible support for end users, provides ongoing support for local servers and network.

Reviews, validates and standardizes problem resolutions for inclusion in the problem resolution database. Resolved hardware/software interface and interoperability problems, ensures systems availability, functionality, integrity, and efficiency, and implementing security procedures and tools

Provides technical support and expertise in resolving the most complex customer problems, e.g., by re-imaging customer workstations and correcting other workstations affected by similar problems.

Knowledge of laptop and desktop computers\Operating Systems and hardware technologies, working knowledge of VPN (Virtual Private Network) support, switches. Knowledge of the Enterprise Remote Access Project (ERAP) to assist remote users and fixed site users with the ability to remotely access the IRS Intranet, the Internet, Microsoft Outlook, and other critical enterprise applications when users encounter logon errors.

Evaluates and reports on new tools and trends in the customer support field such as browser-based and speech-enabled customer support services, organizes vendor demonstration sessions for other specialists, and recommends purchase of new tools to enhance the delivery of customer support services.

Provides technical support to customers who need advice, assistance, and training in applying hardware and software systems. Worked extensively with users to determine the resolution option for their individual system requirements and resources. Conceptualized, researched, and developed, along with other staff, strategic s information systems.

Receives, responds to, and ensures complete resolution of any service desk contacts, and document actions taken, gives needed guidance and/ or training to customers to prevent recurrences. Explained technical information orally via telephonic communication to non-technical users.

Resolves difficult and complex problems, some unique to a single customer or organization. Formulated and executed projects on information technologies. Performed analysis on information and recommends changes to improve user friendliness of applications and to resolve what users see as problems.

Installs, configures, upgrades, troubleshoots, and maintains IT systems including workstations, peripherals, lines, facsimiles, switches, PBXs, desktops, laptops, and E-faxes as well as any other desktop support or any relevant work. Resolved hardware/software interface and interoperability problems, ensures systems availability, functionality, integrity, and efficiency, and implementing security procedures and tools.

Supervisor: Nicolas Nazario
Okay to contact this Supervisor: Yes

Atlanta VA Medical Center
1670 Clairmont Road
Decatur, GA 30033 United States

10/2014 – 10/26/2018
Salary: 60,223.00 USD Per Year
Hours per week: 40
Series:
2210
Pay
Plan:
GS
Grade:
9 step 6

Patient Advocate (This is a federal job)
Duties, Accomplishments and Related Skills:

I developed and coordinated the necessary actions, regulations, and policies for ensuring positive Veteran experiences and activities. I spearheaded detailed research, analysis in coordinating support to be proactive in the resolution of the needs which veterans present to the Atlanta VAMC Veterans Experience office electronically, face-to-face and telephonically. I apply my expert technical knowledge to ensure the program/project directions and schedules are accomplished in a timely organized manner. During my tenure as the primary lead advocate, I gathered and analyze data, I identified trends and made recommendations. I tracked and interpreted customer data to identify trends of problem areas and makes recommendations regarding methods, practices, and procedures to address problem resolution.

I reviewed, researched, and made recommendations to resolve veterans’ complaints, I assist in the Congressional inquiries, I participated in service recovery surveys with providing distribution to subordinates with a clear explanation of what was expected, the time frame when the service recovery call feedback data was to be collected. I was the point of contact and lead in the organization of the data in a very understandable format for senior leadership to review. I listened to my comrades’ discussion on the intangibles which govern our job and I am well versed on resolution at the lowest level. I participated in regularly scheduled meetings with Service Line leaders on ways for proactive problem solving to exchange information, plan and coordinate projects for the betterment of service for our nation’s veterans.

Continuously met needs of our veteran centric population while supporting the VA missions, I relished in owning the moment in a courteous, tactful and respectful manner. I provided our veterans with accurate, consistent information according to the established policies and procedures. I protected data from unauthorized release or from loss, alteration, or unauthorized deletion. I focus on what I can do for the veteran with reasonable acceptable success for most issues presented to the Veterans Experience Office. I pprovided, in collaboration with Employee Education staff, customer service training for all employees.
Develop and maintain Service Recovery program strategies within the Atlanta VAMC.

I was responsive and sensitive to the needs of our patients and to resolve concerns or complaints in a positive and timely manner at the lowest possible level of responsibility and authority. I functioned as the liaison between the Medical Center, Patients, and Staff regarding the patients’ rights and advocacy.

I assisted patients by providing a channel through which they can seek solutions to problems, concerns, and urgent needs to facilitate understanding their rights in addition to responsibilities in their health care.

I created various hyperlinks to assist staff with Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ’s) related to Veterans Community Care (VCC)/Fee Service Billing to be proactive in both service recovery and resolution. I created hyperlinks on wide raging subject matter to assist all staff ranging from Veterans Health Administration/Veterans Benefit Administration/Pro Bono Legal Assistance/Points of Contact within localize civic communities to better enable VA staff to provide I CARE for our nation’s veterans.

I conducted training in New Employee Orientation (NEO) and Own the Moment (OWM) which focuses on the delivery of high-quality Veteran customer experiences the VA Way. I provided oversight to the implementation of a customer service education plan and evaluation of an effective training program.

I designed, implemented, and facilitated training and educational programs for employees, the intent being to facilitate improved communication between management and employees, encourages informed decision making, and provided opportunity for employee involvement in system changes.

I maintained an ongoing collaborative relationship with the Veterans Benefits Administration Public Contact Team with the dissemination of Health Care Overview Benefits manuals, providing relevant information to Points of Contact within the Veterans Health Administration.

I collaborated with multiple layers of leadership, front-line staff members, and external organizations when necessary to investigate and resolve concerns presented by veteran patients and/or their immediate family members. I work with providers and administrative support staff throughout the Health Care System in coordinating prevention and resolution of patient complaints. I report and document patient status, changes, and monthly summaries or quarterly summaries pertaining to both resolved and unresolved patient and/or family concerns.

I utilize the Patient Advocate Tracking System (PATS), coordinate the resolution of patient problems. I support the proactive training initiatives including Patient Centered Care Training, New Employee Orientation, and New Patient Orientation. I provided expert advice to medical center leadership, patient representatives, facility committees and frontline staff in effective ways and behaviors that improve customer satisfaction.

I resolved complaints which cannot be resolved at the point of service level and/or across disciplines. I presented patient issues at various facility meeting and committees. Interpret patient rights and responsibilities. I managed the usage of Patient Advocate Tracking System (PATS). I ensured that all veterans and their families, who are served in VHA facilities and clinic, have their complaints addressed in a convenient and timely manner. I operated under a broader philosophy of service recovery, whereby patient complaints are identified, resolved, classified, and utilized to improve overall service to veterans.
I provided a systematic approach to proactively solicit veteran feedback and simultaneously respond to complaints to build confidence and loyalty, taking a negative experience and turning it into a positive memorable experience.

I provided trends of complaints and satisfaction data at the facility level. I ensured a process is in place for distribution of the information to the appropriate leaders, committees, services and staff. Identify opportunities for system improvements based on quarterly complaint trending. I ensured any significant patient complaint is brought to the attention of appropriate staff to trigger assessment of whether there needs to be a facility system analysis of the problem. Support service-level Patient Advocate programs, when applicable. Ensured entry of all clinical appeals and final decisions into the Patient Advocate Tracking System (PATS) as indicated by VHA policy. I run issue code reports, report of contact reports, facility service section reports from PATS.

I produced a weekly Patient Advocacy Talley report which automatically calculates the data for veterans seen in the Advocacy office, telephonic communications, IRIS communications, Facebook/MyHealtheVet, Congressional cases, total number of PATS inputs, total number of open PATS, total number of overdue PATS. I created a daily call tracker which auto sums daily and monthly.

I provided training to the members of the advocacy office on the ads, moves and changes to the Veterans Experience Office Spreadsheet. I was the Secure Messaging Liaison for My HealtheVet in which I resolved customer complaints, relay pertinent information for the development of fact sheets, brochures, and other informational items for the dissemination to employees. I provided training to staff regarding the Veterans Experience Program by doing updates to the Veterans Experience Spreadsheet and being the point of contact for reference material information.

I served as a Patient Advocate/Representative Lead and resolve all customer complaint in a timely manner with accurate and complete information. Developed reports and format data from the Patient Advocate Tracking System (PATS) for special projects. I formulated recommendations to improve and enhance the customer service and patient experience throughout the medical center. I gathered and interpreted satisfaction data from a variety of sources and translate this information and data into formats that are understood and actionable by leadership and managers.

I possess knowledge and understanding of VHA, Medical Center and Regulatory Agency rules, regulations, policies and guidelines and possesses the ability to translate this information into strategic planning objectives, policies and programs.

I have clear understanding of facility and VHA-wide directives, laws, and other governances which apply to patient rights and responsibilities, and the appeals process afforded veteran patients as outlined. I ensure mental health patients, or their surrogate decision makers, are aware of their right to seek representation from external advocacy groups established and authorized under Titled 42, Chapter 114, Subchapter 1, Part A of United States Code (U.S.C.) Reporting and documenting potentially threatening behavior to appropriate authorities in accordance with VHA regulations.

I adhered to policy and procedures regarding privacy and release of information. I have knowledge of health care administration and management in a large, complex, organization and knowledge of VA-wide initiatives in Patient Centered Care and Cultural Transformation and customer service/patient advocacy. I effectively and persuasively use good interpersonal skills in communicating orally and in writing communicated with people from a variety of backgrounds with varying levels of disabilities and understanding. I have knowledge and understanding of customer service and proactively meeting stakeholders' needs, including the ability to resolve conflicts at the lowest level and implement strategies to mitigate customer complaints.

I aided veterans/patients by providing a channel through which they can seek solutions to problems, concerns urgent needs, and in understanding their rights in addition to responsibilities. I work with health care providers and administrative staff throughout the medical center and community-based outpatient clinics in preventing and resolving patient complaints at the lowest level possible for timely resolution and proactive service recovery.

I possess concrete interpretation of the Medical Centers mission, policies, procedures and available resource/services to the patient and present the veterans/patients problems, opinions and needs to the appropriate staff and management.

Maintained a highly working liaison with veteran service organizations, community groups and others whose interest is in helping protecting veterans, their families and their representatives.

I aided patients, their families and facility staff members in recognizing and removing institutional barriers to the provision of optimum health care to veterans.

I identified existing and potential problem areas, suggest solutions or alternatives to existing procedures which contribute to these problems. I acted immediately to resolve problems, expedite services, or implement necessary corrective measures within established facility policies. I reviewed any files or records to discuss with personnel regarding any practice that appears to violate the patient’s rights and reports such finding with recommendations for improvements to the Facility Director.

I prepared complex written documents for internal and external audience, to include analytical reports, correspondence, policy guidance, regulation and legislative proposal.

I researched subjects, collect pertinent information, and analyze statistical data, facts, circumstances, laws, regulations and procedures to reach and present sound justifiable decisions through an appropriate evaluation. I communicated orally with people from a variety of backgrounds and varying levels of understanding, including the ability to work effectively with others and resolve complex and conflicting issues in an objective, equitable manner.

I served as a point of contact for specialized program questions, responding to those inquiries while utilizing both electronic and in-person communications. I am experienced in explaining program goals of both administration and clinical services to respond to concerns expressed by both the patient and family members. Experienced in applying various conflict resolution techniques.

I am very experienced in handling matters such as making determinations which required more advanced knowledge and/ or making judgements to resolve problems and issues which are not routine in nature. I utilized analytical ability to review policies, identify problems and potential problem areas and suggest solutions or alternatives to existing procedures.

Supervisor: Robert L. Burton 404-***-****/EXT. 7742)
Okay to contact this Supervisor: Yes

Veterans Benefit Administration
Regional Office
6437 Garners Ferry Road
Columbia, SC 29209 United States

05/2014 - 10/2014
Salary: 48,594.00 USD Per Year
Hours per week: 40

Veterans Service Representative
Duties, Accomplishments and Related Skills:
Explained benefit programs and entitlement criteria, conduct interviews, identifies issues, gathers relevant evidence, adjudicates claims, and inputs data necessary to generate the award and notification letter for veteran payments.

Acts as advocate for veterans and their beneficiaries in their dealings with other VA elements and organizations that affect their claims.

Served as primary contact for the veteran and his/her representative or advocate and the decision maker for compensation and pension claims.

Conducted interviews in person or by telephone with veterans, representatives, and advocates.

Made determinations relative to VA hospitalization, outpatient treatment, institutional or domiciliary care, and basic eligibility for vocational rehabilitation.

Controlled pending issues or schedules future actions, and releases complete, correct notifications of benefits determinations.

Demonstrates techniques for communicating with all types of individuals from a variety of backgrounds concerning a wide range of subjects and situations. Identifies characteristic features and risk factors associated with the most frequent medical claims (e.g., Post Traumatic Stress Disorder (PTSD) and Traumatic Brain Injury (TBI.)

Interprets and seeks out information on complex sets of laws, rules and polices. Utilizes VA intranet and rating job aids (e.g, Medical EPSS, Hearing Loss Calculator, SMC Calculator, TBI Text Generator and Medical EPSS)

Adheres to the policies and procedures regarding privacy and release of information. Organizes administrative files and claims folders including proper contents and maintenance. Skilled in the use of applicable electronic data processing and tracking systems (e.g., Covers, Capri, Map-D and Share)

In depth ability to research laws, appellate court decisions, precedents, federal regulations, Executive Orders, agency rules, agency procedures and due process guiding the claims processing procedures. Screened claims for initial development actions, process reported changes to include dependency and change of addresses. Performs initial review of claims and identifies types of evidence.

Supervisor: Jennifer Morris 803-***-****)
Okay to contact this Supervisor: Yes

Department of Veteran Affairs
Health Eligibility Center
2957 Clairmont Rd
Decatur, GA 30294 United States

01/2012 - 05/2014
Salary: 42,969.00 USD Per Year
Hours per week: 40
Pay Plan: GS Grade: 5
Program Support Clerk (This is a federal job)
Duties, Accomplishments and Related Skills:
Assisted in processing enrollment and eligibility requests, participated in a team environment to develop standard operating procedures for the mail distribution of HEC form option 1 letters, or other documentation, recognized inconsistencies and purposed solutions, researched laws, directives, and regulations to ensure proper completion of program or assignment documentation. Counseled veterans and their representatives on case developments and services through the VA health care facilities. Explained in great detail the priority groups, monetary thresholds for enrollment eligibility criteria into VA Health care. Explained in great detail to veterans what out of pocket medical receipts which could be accepted to lower the house hold income, assisted veterans with understanding the purpose of the income verification letter and what steps they should take if they should disagree with the federal tax information provided by SSA/IRS. Created written responses on a broad spectrum of complex inquiries from internal and external customers. Provided guidance to VA healthcare facility staff regarding regulations, policies, and procedures for financial eligibility for health care benefits and financial eligibility. Developed financial assessments to determine veteran’s priority for enrollment and benefits.

Processed requests to maintain and update veterans' eligibility and enrollment information by utilizing automated systems. Assisted in the development of standard operating procedures, training programs, and verification processes. Conducted business in a professional manner, utilizing tact, courtesy, cooperation, diplomacy, and a sensitivity to co-workers' and team members.

Planed effectively, set priorities, and coordinated activities. Identified and explained appropriate VA benefit programs to Veterans. Explained the reasons and bases of eligibility decisions to Veterans. Determined the most appropriate action or identified alternatives to resolve veteran’s needs.

Provided veterans with consistent information in compliance with established VA policies and procedures. Solicited information regarding an escalated issue and referred to the appropriate department. Instructed veterans on how to properly fill out 1010-EZR forms, HEC 200-1A and HEC 220-1 forms. Conducted phone calls with Veterans, beneficiaries and other representatives regarding VA services and appeals. Interpret and relayed veteran’s concerns, assisted with providing routine customer service concerns. Utilized veteran needs assessment techniques, maintained current knowledge of VA and state benefit programs.

Provided accurate, timely, and consistent quality customer service. Furnished advice concerning rights and benefits with regards to eligibility. Inputs data into the computer system. Researched and resolved questions raised by beneficiaries, providers and other entities. Assisted Veterans with providing information needed to assist in getting evidence and preparing required documents. Interpreted returned eligibility information. Explained interpretation of adjudicative determinations on Veterans eligibility for benefits.

Served as casework distributor, distributing imaged or hard copy documentation and correspondence to appropriate skill sets by reviewing inbound material, determining case tier or complexity level, and distributing to appropriate staff. Completes data entry of Federal Tax Information (FTI) income data into Enrollment Data Base (EDB) to verify caller prior to discussing information containing (FTI) or Protected Health Information (PHI). Refers and/or escalates inquiries, requiring adjudication and case-specific analysis or decision.

Served as a mentor and aids in training entry-level representatives on call center procedures and other job requirements. Prepares well-defined case notes when actions are affected, available resources are insufficient to answer the caller’s inquiry, and/or additional research is required. Performs searches to determine if correspondence has been received from the veteran and/or spouse. Asks clarifying questions to ensure that the primary issue of the caller is identified and to surface any other concerns and issues that may or may not be related-involves determining best approach to line of questioning. Receives telephone calls from and responds to Veterans, their family members, and/or legal representatives concerning Income Verification case inquiries by responding to their questions and concerns.

Supervisor: Alex Keel 404-***-****)
Okay to contact this Supervisor: Yes

Social Security Administration
401 West Peachtree Street
Atlanta, GA United States

09/2008 - 12/2011
Salary: 52,370.00 USD Per Year
Hours per week: 40

Pay Plan: GS Grade: 8
Service Claims Representative (This is a federal job)
Duties, Accomplishments and Related Skills:
Assisted in processing enrollment and eligibility requests, participated in a team to develop standard operating procedures, manuals, or other documentation, recognized inconsistencies and purposed solutions, researched laws, directives, and regulations to ensure proper completion of program or assignment documentation, worked directly with external organizations to resolve assignments, and prepared assigned components of briefings, papers, and reports. Counseled claimants and their representatives on their case developments and services provided by local state agencies. Created written responses on a broad spectrum of complex inquiries from internal and external customers. Provided guidance to junior Social Security staff regarding regulations, policies, and procedures for financial eligibility for SSI benefits and eligibility.

Developed financial assessments to determine veterans' priority for enrollment and benefits. Processed requests to maintain and update claimant’s eligibility and enrollment information by utilizing automated systems. Assisted in the development of standard operating procedures, training programs, and verification processes of newly processed SSI benefit claims. Conducted interviews and assisted claimants develop their claims for retirement, survivors and disability benefits and/or supplemental security income. Worked with claimants to establish their continuing eligibility for payment, assisted claimants in filing for administrative appeals, adjudicated claims and authorize them for payment, provide referral services, and identify and investigate potential program abuse. Contributed to the agencies mission through direct and personal service to the public which included communicating with claimants about their rights under the Social Security laws, gathered facts and evidence to establish eligibility for benefits, made critical decisions to determine the amount of benefits paid to individuals, and using state-of-the-art computer technology to access and update information about claims.

Determined the need for minor children and adults who were legally incompetent in addition to having an alcohol or drug problem needed a representative payee because the claimant needed an individual to handle financial matters. Assisted claimants with finding rehabilitation services, medical or dental not covered by insurance. Assisted claimants with keeping accurate records of all financial transactions both incoming and outgoing. Assisted those claimants who wanted to continue their education by locating state service providers. Assisted claimants with severe disabilities locate available resources for assisted living and vehicles for modes of transportation.

Identified, evaluated, and made effective use resources to serve individuals with disabilities, or of the disadvantaged, including knowledge of adjustment problems of the educationally or culturally disadvantaged, familiarity with available adult education and training resources available through the Georgia Department of Family and Children services(DFCS) for claimants and Veterans.

Assisted claimants having disabilities or social adjustment problems find the right assistance for their individual support needs. Identified and assisted those claimants who needed assistance in applying for Medicaid benefits. Assisted those claimants with obtaining emergency food assistance. Provided information to claimants needing education and training services offered through the Georgia Department of Family and Children services (DFCS).

Assisted claimants with obtaining information on the energy assistance for low-income families in the Atlanta, Georgia area. Provided occupational information for people with disabilities, knowledge of the interrelationships of the involved professional and specialist services, and skill in employing the methodology and techniques of counseling to motivate and encourage individuals served by the program offered by DFCS education and training section. Between September 2008 to December 2011 worked extensively with the local universities which accepted non- immigrant F1, J1 and M visa holders to their courses of study and analyzed circumstances regarding the issues including the appropriate courses of actions.

Assisted the universities with the application of benefits while in the United States, one of which was the obtaining of a social security number which was issued to those non-immigrants on the F visas. Primary point of conduct and for the filing of all foreign social security cards.

Supervisor: Arlette McGowan 410-***-****)
Okay to contact this Supervisor: Yes

Social Security Administration
601 East 12th Street
Kansas City, MO United States
09/2005 - 09/2008
Salary: 46,386.00 USD Per Year
Hours per week: 40

Pay Plan: GS Grade: 8
Console Operator (This is a federal job)
Duties, Accomplishments and Related Skills:
Assisted System Administrator in maintaining efficient and exceptional operation of the Social Security Administrations automated systems. Loaded
Contact this candidate