Robert Anderson Senior Help Desk Support

Customer-focused Desktop Support Analyst with over 10+ years of success in a variety of computer operating systems applications and hardware. Analytical and adept at resolving complex network issues. Critical thinker who addresses customer support issues quickly and consistently exceeds performance standards.
Skills
vTechnical Support / Hardware Upgrades
vRecording Support Tickets / Logging Support Tickets
vTechnical Document Comprehension / Onboarding
vApplication Support / Providing Customer Support
vMac and PC Proficiency / Application installations
vCommunicating With Clients /
vProficient in Active Directory, SCCM, Oracle, BeyondTrust, Bloomberg, Airwatch, MS O365, Cisco AMP, Hyperion, Quick Assist, Teamviewer, MS Office, intune, MS Dynamics, MDM, Imaging Devices, Mac OS, Android, VMWare,MMD

NTT Data / Coca-Cola • Senior Help Desk Analyst
vTroubleshooting and resolving technical problems for user’s
vCreated User account, reset passwords, configured access to servers and file management software for users.
vInterview and train new techs on support processes, procedures and knowledge base.
vKept customers informed about issue resolution progress and provided updated estimated times of resolution on ongoing basis.
vSupported customers having data connectivity issues,
vTroubleshooting daily IT issues, supporting multiple departments and various offices.
vDeveloped and maintained positive customer relationships resulting in increased account services and expansion.
vSupported customers with online billing, access and account issues.
vDelivered local and remote IT support for hardware and software using BeyondTrust remote diagnostic tools
vManaged user profiles, security access and shared file structures.
vMaintained records, logs and lifecycle documentation of work requests.
vMaintained composure and patience in face of difficult customer situations, applying de-escalation techniques and positive customer support.
vResearched, documented and escalated support cases to higher levels of support when unable to resolve issues using available resources.
vWorked to resolve technical issues for global users using Intune and.
vWalked customers through processes of installing software or hardware and initial program start up procedures.
vIncreased overall company performance through improved IT uptime and cost reductions.
Stefanini / Novelis • Executive Support - 2015/2021

vManagerial role supervised four employees and hosted all new hire orientation and training
vAchieve and maintain up-to-date and continual knowledge of Windows Server, Bloomberg Financial Software, Oracle, Ancile, UPerform, Cisco, Cisco AMP, Jabber, Citrix, Hyperion, Lotus Notes, Maximo, Think-Cell.
vAssist and resolve Android, iPhone, and system concerns by utilizing remote access through RDP and TeamViewer software.
vFacilitate and present proper use of company software, systems, and equipment to new-hire employees during the on-boarding process resulting in the increase of safe and appropriate usage in alignment with company policies and procedures.
vGoverned and procured all executive, employee, and IT personnel inventory support including but not excluding inventory control, material handling, customer service, and shipping & receiving of electronic device

Prism Point Technologies • Level II Desk Side Support - 2012/2014
vCreated and executed deployment administration and maintenance as well as ticket completion for Kaiser and Military affiliates as well as like organizations to assist in their need for parts and or repairs for all computers, printers, and software.
vGenerated and dispatched Field Technicians to address, evaluate, resolve, and follow-up on network segmentation, security metrics & reporting, and product replacement and repair as requested.
vSettled and categorized all open tickets by ordering new parts and units for all domestic and international.

Full Circle Recycling 2014• Asset Mgmt & Computer Repair – 2010-

vQuantified and certified the repairing and replacement of laptops, desktops, printers, and keyboards resulting in an 80% increase on resale value and profit during the last 3 quarters of the fiscal year.
vInfluenced and maintained the installation and replacement of computer drives, operating systems, CD-Roms, video cards, memory and other products enhancing the quality of product and service rendered to each client.

Education
Institution: ITT Technical Institute - Graduated 2010
Degree: Associates of Science in Computer Information
Systems
Institution: ITT Technical Institute - Graduated 2016
Degree: Bachelor of Science in Information System Cyber
Security

Certification: CCNA 2016

References
[Available upon request.]

Atlanta GA

404-***-****

ad7tjs@r.postjobfree.com

www.linkedin.com/in/robert-anderson-5a664154
Contact this candidate