Russell Everson
608-***-****
ad811z@r.postjobfree.com
EXPERIENCE
Fort McCoy February 2023 - Present
General Clerk III
Prepare, file, and maintain physical and electronic records and documents in required formats.
Assist internal and external individuals with general inquiries
Working independently within established procedures associated with the job
Critical in paying attention to detail
Prepares military personnel with the proper attire to deploy Department of Veterans Affairs
IT Specialist (Federal Employee GS-11) 2018 – 2023
Led the successful migration of network infrastructure to a new data center, coordinating with vendors and internal teams to ensure a seamless transition, completed the migration ahead of schedule and within budget.
Spearheaded the troubleshooting and resolution of complex network issues, collaborating with cross functional teams to swiftly resolve critical network outages, minimized downtime and restored network connectivity within 20 minutes on average
Maintained and implemented VOIP systems, Automated Call Distribution Systems, video endpoints, virtual desktops, and all phones, ensuring uninterrupted communication for a team of 200+ employees across multiple locations.
Managed and supervised on-site and off-site projects, coordinating with external contractors and ensuring adherence to quality standards and project timelines.
Installing, configuring, operating, maintaining and optimizing data network equipment, components, operating systems and software, to include computers, printers, fiber local area network routers, switches, hubs, fire walls, intrusion detection systems.
Spearheaded customer satisfaction initiative as a GS 11, ensuring top priority given to customer satisfaction, reduced customer support issues by 40% through proactive communication and streamlined processes.
Managed and swapped out over 500+ outdated workstations and laptops during lifecycle replacement communicating proactively with the customers to be sure they won’t be disturbed during vital times during the day.
Implemented network security protocols and conducted regular audits to ensure compliance with industry standards and protect sensitive data, successfully passed multiple security audits with zero vulnerabilities.
Performed regular security assessments, providing actionable insights to improve system security
Pioneered implementation of risk management framework, reducing operational risks by 33%
Maintained visibility at outlying VA CBOC’s traveling once or twice a month.
Extremely highly regarded as a significant asset in customer service.
Professional skills in problem-solving challenging, complex, and unexpected situations.
Persuasive and articulate with over 20+ years of IT experience helping customers resolve their IT issues.
Fort McCoy August 2010 – February 2018
Networking / Customer Support Technician (Federal Employee GS 9)
Detail-Oriented in the training and onboarding of new team members, providing guidance on Service Now best practices and ensuring consistent and efficient ticket resolution processes
Implemented advanced security protocols to ensure seamless operation on both NIPR and SIPR computers while keeping the SIPR network hardened.
Collaborated with the Army NCO to provide seamless IT service, responding to urgent requests and troubleshooting technical issues in real-time, maintained 99% uptime for critical systems and achieved a 98% customer satisfaction rating.
Deployed, configured, and maintained the Fort McCoy enterprise-wide Host Based Security System (HBSS) to over 1,000 systems on the local area network and extended sites, ensuring compliance with Command Cyber Readiness Inspection (CCRI) requirements and improving overall cybersecurity posture.
Developed and executed a comprehensive IT strategy to support organizational growth objectives, implemented scalable infrastructure solutions that increased system uptime by 30% and saved 15 hours per week in manual maintenance tasks.
Implemented, maintained, and supported IT and information systems to meet the business needs of organizations and scale as organizations grow, reduced customer support issues by 40% and increased team efficiency by 25%.
In 2008 was given a commanders coin from the Garrison Commander of Fort McCoy, WI for providing first-class IT support.
Skills
Programming & Scripting
Python (Intermediate), Bash (Proficient), PowerShell (Intermediate), SQL (Intermediate), Linux (Intermediate), Active Directory (Proficient) Security Technologies
Firewalls, Intrusion Detection Systems (IDS), Intrusion Prevention Systems (IPS), Antivirus, SCCM
Security Framework
NIST, HIPPA, Wireshark
Ticket Monitoring and Resolution
Remedy, Service Now, Remote Desktop, Teams
Education
Western Wisconsin Technical College May 1999
Human Resource Business Administration
U.S. Air Force: April 2007
Associate in Applied Science Computer Engineer
University of Maryland December 2007
Bachelor of Science Business Administration
Keller Graduate School of Management April 2016
Masters Network Communication Management
Minor
Wireless Security
Information Technology
Keller Graduate School of Management
Information Security September 2024
Northeast Technical College
Cyber Security December 2024
IT System Administrator December 2024
Certifications
Obtained Security+ 301 & 401 certification
Contact this candidate