Curtis Cottom
Atlanta, GA ***** 678-***-****
ad85fr@r.postjobfree.com linkedin.com/in/curtiscottom

IT ANALYST

Dynamic and purposeful IT Analyst with experience in data governance, operational process improvements, and user support. Ability to lead teams and manage projects, with a record of success in analyzing business needs and providing problem-solving solutions through effective communication and strategic thinking. Proficient in various ITIL processes such as Incident, Problem, and Change Management. Skilled in multitasking, collaborating, and communicating with individuals of all backgrounds in a challenging environment.

KEY AREAS OF EXPERTISE

• Active Directory • Process Improvement • Knowledge Base Creation
• Desktop Support • Training • Communication Skills

EXPERIENCE

Salucro Healthcare Solutions, Tempe, AZ July 2023 – Present
Customer Support Specialist, International Support

Serve as the payment portal subject matter expert (SME) providing guidance and world class support across healthcare providers, partners, and patients leveraging Salucro’s solutions.
Manage multiple communication platforms including inbound chats, phone calls, and emails.
Perform post-production and hotfix release testing to help ensure a smooth and successful release management process.
Assist with quality assurance audits to drive positive business outcomes and enhance the customer experience.

Verizon Connect (a Verizon Communications Div.), Atlanta, GA September 2009 – December 2022
Provisioning Analyst, October 2012 – December 2022

Cross trained with the IT Service Management Team and served as the point of contact for major escalations, effectively managing cross-functional teams and ensuring successful project outcomes.
Produced reports of service implementations, usage, and terminations on a daily, weekly, monthly, quarterly, and annual basis, providing valuable insights for business stakeholders.
Revamped and optimized department processes, procedures, and work instructions, resulting in a 50% increase in new hire onboarding efficiency.
Conducted troubleshooting of wireless service provisioning and activations, demonstrating strong critical thinking skills and technical expertise.

Dealership Technical Support Specialist, November 2010 – October 2012

Led bi-weekly team meetings to address issues and concerns and documented on SharePoint.
Managed the training of Dealer Support new hires, fostering a culture of learning and development.
Provided escalated phone-based support daily, demonstrating superior customer service skills and technical aptitude.
Prepared and presented quarterly PowerPoint presentations to Dealer Support Team, providing a refresher course covering a Dealer Support process, displaying exceptional communication skills.

Tier II Technical Support Representative, September 2009 – November 2010

Created process documentation and facilitated training of new hires to the team, mentoring and coaching team members to achieve their full potential.
Provided mobile application software support and assisted subscribers with the installation process of the mobile application, demonstrating technical expertise and customer-centric approach.
Performed QA testing of mobile application and web portal releases, ensuring high-quality deliverables and driving continuous improvement.

Curtis Cottom ad85fr@r.postjobfree.com Page Two

Qualcomm: Firethorn Mobile, Atlanta, Georgia September 2007 – January 2009
Associate Tech Support Engineer

Created documentation and detailed instructions on the use of the mobile banking application, which helped to reduce call volume 40% within the first year of implementation.
Provided customer support to the Tier I Support Teams of over forty-five financial institutions.
Maintained online knowledge base and administrative site for financial institutions allowing Tier I support directly to their subscribers.
Performed functional, regression, and load testing on both mobile client and web-based applications.

Flag Financial Corporation, Jonesboro, Georgia January 2003 – December 2006
Information Technology Specialist

Maintained Nortel Phone System database. Managed ordering system for statements and tax forms.
Administered permission access to the appropriate applications and establish connection, including Crystal Reporter, Image Center, OnBase and Phoenix System. Created and edited network user permissions.
Performed hardware and software repairs to desktop and laptop computers, including virus and spyware removal. Upgraded and updated computer applications.

EDUCATION

Bachelor of Arts (BA), Management Information Systems (MIS), Strayer University

CERTIFICATIONS

CompTIA, A+
CompTIA, IT Operations Specialist
CompTIA, Network +
CompTIA, Security +
AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner
ITIL Foundation Level
AHIMA, Certified Professional in Health Information Technology (CPHIE)

COMPETENCIES

Software
Microsoft 365 (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, and SharePoint) Seibel CRM Database OBIEE, HP Service Manager Windows 10 Cognos 11 SQL, Salesforce Crystal

Core
Customer Service (Data center, Help desk, Call center, and Web-based environments) Supervisory experience
Contact this candidate