Oluwafemi Kukoyi
*** ******* ***, ***.* Bronx, New York 10456
(646) 676 – 8991: Mobile
ad8bfz@r.postjobfree.com
Professional Experience
IT Support Specialist New York
Fordham University 08/2024 - Current
Provide technical support during the “Back to School” project, assisting students and staff with network connectivity, and hardware issues.
Resolve common issues such as Active Directory password resets, printer troubleshooting and software/hardware setups.
Support ticket management using ServiceNow and providing assistance via email, phone, and in-person interactions.
Offer remote support and hands-on break/fix services for Apple, Windows, and mobile devices.
Collaborate with the onsite Team Lead and IT Director to ensure seamless user experience during peak periods.
Deliver customer service, leveraging experience with G-suite, Office 365, Mac OS, and Windows OS.

Computer Specialist New York
Mt. Sinai Main Hospital 07/2024 - 07/2024
Remediation efforts tied to the Crowdstrike Security Update.
Apply a USB key to launch a script or use that key to search for and delete specific files and then reboot the machines.
Entered BitLocker Encryption keys when required to access secured systems.
Documented each workstation and tablet to track repairs and identi fy those needed more attention.
Implemented HIPAA Compliance Measures to ensure adherence to health information privacy and security regulations.
Travel to various sites across Manhattan.

Cyber Security Analyst Intern New York
Metropolitan Transportation Authority (MTA) 01/2024 - 07/2024
Created comprehensive Security Assessment Reports for Indicators of Exposure across various domains.
Developed and implemented trackers to monitor IoEs sourced from different domains ensuring comprehensive coverage of security vulnerabilities.
Utilized PowerShell scripting to generate comprehensive reports from Active Directory, facilitating in-depth security gap analysis.
Utilized Sandbox tools to identify and analyze malicious URLs, ensuring comprehensive detection and mitigation of potential threats.
Configured Microsoft Defender to establish standard protection measures in Office 365, ensuring robust security across all platforms.
Utilized SCCM to deploy updates across various workstations, maintaining system consistency and security.
Leveraged CrowdStrike falcon to develop and enforce macOS security policies enhancing endpoint protection.
Implement Sailpoint for efficient account provisioning, Streamlining user access management processes.
Deployed Duo Protection to initiate two-factor authentication, strengthening access security protocols.
Collaborate with the IT-Security team to integrate upgraded forensic tools, optimizing threat detection and incident response.
Install and upgrade forensic tools on Fred-L for enhanced cybersecurity capabilities.
Perform hard drive degaussing or secure data disposal in compliance with company policies and data protection rules.
Manage hard drive inventory in Microsoft Excel, indicating drives requiring degaussing for proper disposal.
Generate hash values using forensic imaging tools to ensure data integrity and security.

Organizational Design & Development College Intern New York
Metropolitan Transportation Authority (MTA) 09-2023 – 12/2023
Led the comprehensive overhaul of the MTA Microsoft SharePoint site including redesigning layouts, uploading and organizing videos and documents, and implemented structural modifications to enhance usability and functionality.
Managed access permissions for MTA Microsoft SharePoint site, ensuring secure data sharing among users.
Organized Zoom and Microsoft Teams meetings for hosts of diverse virtual classes.
Used Microsoft Excel to accurately record and verify employee details for virtual class registrations.

IT Technician (intern) New York
Etech 7 03-2023 – 08/2023
Identified, resolved, and monitored tier 1 help tickets efficiently and accurately, which resulted in a 27% increase in operational performance, exhibiting strong attention to detail.
Eliminated malicious software remotely from 100+ clients' systems, reducing the average resolution time by 50%.
Enhanced operating system (OS) and software update installations for patches, resulting in a 15% success rate increase.
Administer Azure infrastructure for clients, reducing system downtime by 25% and increasing overall system performance by 15%.
Escalated tickets to Level 2 or Level 3 teams with advanced troubleshooting expertise, reducing resolution time by 25%.
Maintained detailed records of patch statuses and updates for various systems and users, resulting in a 20% decrease in unpatched systems.
Maintained a software inventory by tracking applications and versions, reducing software compliance issues by 15%.
Leveraged remote tools for password resets and account provisioning in Azure.

System Administration (Hands-On Virtual Labs) New York
Virtual Home Lab 10/2022 – 3/2023
Installed and setup VirtualBox, Windows Server 2016, linked clones, and Remote Desktop Protocol.
Added Windows 10 client machines to Windows Server 2016 domain.
Created and modified Active Directory template user accounts to hold various properties.
Configured Window Server 2016 domain settings, server name, TCP/IP settings, and remote desktop.
Created and linked Group Policy Objects (GPO) in Active Directory.
Setup Azure Active Directory (AD) Connect for hybrid Azure AD join and seamless SSO using password hash sync.

Technical / Office Skills
Ticketing: Freshdesk, Jira Service Desk, ConnectWise Automate
Scripting: PowerShell
Networking: LAN, Mesh Wi-Fi Network Systems, DHCP, VPN, DNS
Platforms: Windows 10 Enterprise, macOS, Android, iOS, Chrome OS
Software: Active Directory, Office 365, Outlook, Cisco AnyConnect, Duo, Slack, Zoom, Microsoft Power BI, Ms. Teams
Key Skills: Problem Diagnosis, Phone and Online Support, Help desk Ticketing systems, System Administration, PC Maintenance and Repair.

Education / Training
New York City College of Technology - Computer Systems BACHELOR'S DEGREE

New York City College of Technology - Liberal Arts & Science Associate DEGREE

Certifications
CompTIA - CompTIA A+ and CompTIA Security + CERTIFICATE
Microsoft - Microsoft Azure Administrator Associate CERTIFICATE
Contact this candidate