Computer Training Institute
Certificate of Computer and
Information Science
Certificates of Completion:
Azure Fundamentals
Advanced Azure
Cloud Concepts
Software Used:
Microsoft OS
MS Office 365
Jira
Confluence
Salesforce
Microsoft Dynamics
Microsoft Sharepoint
Microsoft InTune
Microsoft Azure
Microsoft Entra
Dr. First Rcopia Admin
Console
Zen Desk
Atera
Smartsheet
Freshservice
ScreenConnect
STEVEN J. CURTIS
Bloomingdale, Illinois 60108
331-***-****
ad8cz3@r.postjobfree.com
OBJECTIVE
Experienced IT, helpdesk and customer service veteran seeking a challenging position that provides opportunity for advancement, learning and growth potential while utilizing my exceptional customer service and problem-solving skills.
CAREER HISTORY
Jorie Healthcare – 11/21/2022 to 8/20/2024
Internal IT Support Engineer Level 1 & 2
Overview: Responsibilities included all customer service and user-related troubleshooting, resolution and timely response back to the client for all reported issues. I provided both level 1 and level 2 hardware support, laptop and workstation builds utilizing both Microsoft Azure and Entra for both hardware and AD management. Knowledgeable in the use of Atera and Freshservice for helpdesk management and ticketing. My other experience includes working with Microsoft Defender and Microsoft Exchange. I was involved with working with the Compliance team and helped with Soc 1 and Soc 2 compliance.
Harris Computer / Pulsecheck – 2018 to 2022
Support Analyst
Overview: Responsibilities included all strong customer service and user related troubleshooting, resolution and timely response back to the client for all reported issues. I provided both level 1 and level 2 support along with level 1 HL7 and HSF interface support. I also provided level 1 and level 2 overnight support for our clients using both the Pulsecheck ED product and Urgichart products offered by Pulsecheck. I’ve obtained extensive knowledge of Atlassian’s Confluence product, Jira, Microsoft Dynamics, Dr. First Rcopia Admin Console, Zen Desk as well as Microsoft Sharepoint, Office 365 and Microsoft operating systems for both workstations and servers. I have obtained a beginner’s knowledge of SQL Management Studio and HTML. Other responsibilities included educating team members on troubleshooting performance issues in Pulsecheck, and how to effectively troubleshoot and resolve Urgichart issues. Created user stories for Confluence, supplied management with monthly billing reports for our Infusion & Injection clients and census reporting for our Urgichart clients. Optum Insight / Pulsecheck – 2010 to 2018
Support Analyst/Customer Service
Overview: Responsibilities included all customer service and user related troubleshooting, resolution and timely response back to the client for all reported issues. As an active member of the support desk, I provided level 1 support for Pulsecheck, HL7 interface support and Optum 360 Lynx Charge Capture. During that time, I also provided level 1 overnight support to our clients. During my time with Optum Insight/Pulsecheck I obtained extensive knowledge of Atlassian’s Confluence product, Jira, Salesforce CRM products, Microsoft Office, Microsoft operating systems for both workstations and servers as well as Apache 2.2.
Contact this candidate