Kevin D. Hess
626-***-**** ad8lg9@r.postjobfree.com
Pasadena, CA 91001
Career Summary
Over 10 years of dedicated IT experience working in industries including: real estate, banking, finance, entertainment, international cosmetics and IT services. In doing so, I have been able to further my ability to increase the efficiency of these businesses. My goal is to increase users'(my customers) ability to do their job properly, effectively and without technical limitations, all while still reaching the goals set out by my superior. I understand the balance and importance of prioritizing individual customer needs and completing the tasks I am assigned. Experience
IT Technician, MGM Studios, Beverly Hills, CA (June 2022-Dec 2023) TV/Film/Entertainment Industry [Contract] Executed the technical transition for 500+ remote and local employees from MGM to Amazon Planned and implemented email/archive cutover from MGM domain to Amazon including complete hardware conversion for all employees Trained users on how to maintain access with their Amazon assets Provide technical, white glove and conference room support of day to day business of on-site and all remote users Temp/Contract work in 2020
- Set up the television truck for the Golden Globes, supporting the live footage before being broadcast on TV.
- 8 PC’s in the truck all communicating with our on prem hardware as well as the systems used by the TV Network
- Installed all the technology requirements within a 3 day window for offices in a hospital that was under construction in order to meet compliance.
- Imaged 500 chromebooks under strict compliance with the requests of the School District
- Update machines, install software, security features, theft prevention, asset tagging for record keeping IT Help Desk Analyst, JRK Property Holdings, Los Angeles, CA (September 2018 - October 2019) Real Estate Investment Firm Handled all day-to-day technical needs of a $5 billion dollar real estate holdings company as part of a four person IT Department. Supported all connected devices for 100 local users as well as 500 off-site users across 4 hotels and 80 apartment complexes. Rebuilt physical network during hotel redevelopment/renovation. IT Help Desk, Vons Credit Union, El Monte, CA (September 2017 - March 2018) Top 20 Certified Credit Union Nationwide Supported 100+ local and offsite users in a 100% virtualized domain. Worked with upper management and application developers in a pre-production environment to test and implement changes to the VCU Online Banking App Managed Teamwork ticket and project portals for IT department and Contact Center. Centralized Services Engineer, Technology Advisory Group, Warwick, RI (March 2017 - July 2017) [Contract] Responsible for patch management for over 1200 machines across 100 client networks. Assisted Network Administrators/Implementation team on-site with projects (install and setup backups on all machines, adding/swapping physical servers, user hardware upgrades.)
Worked on-site at clients' offices and set up management software (AV, OpenDNS, Logmein) onto any and all connected machines on the network. IT Help Desk Technician, FCI Lender Services, Anaheim Hills, CA (July 2016 - November 2016) [Contract] Upgraded 120+ users to Windows 10 in one week with less than ten hours combined downtime. Worked with and manipulated Spiceworks Ticket Portal/Inventory/Reports/Knowledge Base and maintained server Upgraded VOIP phone system software for entire company Created ‘How-To’ documents to expand the knowledge base for backup/secondary roles. Handle daily help desk roles for 120+ employees, handling all hired/modified/terminated users. IT Specialist, Markwins International Corporation, Walnut, CA (June 2015 - March 2016) Served as the first line of technical support to 150+ users in a corporate office, warehouse, as well as main IT support for an off-location company office. Provide assistance with user problems including: Outlook, Lotus Notes, Microsoft Office, Adobe Creative Cloud, VOIP phones, printers, initial user setup, FTP, VPN, conference calls, company specific software problems. Helped transition and setup CISCO VOIP phones for 60+ users Lab Technician, Cal Poly College of Business, San Luis Obispo, CA (June 2010 - April 2013) Set up classrooms with computer systems (hardware/software/imaging) to accommodate 200+ users daily. Demonstrated to professors simplest techniques to utilize computers, tablets, printers and projectors. Troubleshoot hardware and software problems on short notice to maintain a productive work environment. Worked in conjunction with the tech team to assist the System Administrator. Key Skills
Operating Systems:
Windows (Server 2003, 2008 & 2012 R2, XP, Vista, 7, 8.1, 10,11) Apple (Leopard – Present) AppleTV and iPad (related issues) Linux (familiar with user interface) Systems/Applications:
Active Directory, Group Policy, Exchange, Jira, Okta, Box, TCP/IP, WAP’s, VPN, DNS, DHCP, MAC Addresses, Ports, Subnets, Symantec GhostCast/Imaging, VOIP, System & AS400 Backups, Storagecraft ShadowProtect, Trend Micro Officescan, Logmein123.com/TeamViewer, Citrix, MRSA, Cisco Webex, Microsoft Office 365(Outlook, Word, Excel, Edge, Internet Explorer, PowerPoint, Access, Visio, Project) OpenDNS, IT Glue, Continuum, AMSI eSite, Entrata, Nexus, Sonos, ARLO, DBAN
Education
Bachelor of Science, Business Administration, 2015 Concentration: Information Systems California State Polytechnic University, San Luis Obispo
Contact this candidate