Tony Sutton
ad8rio@r.postjobfree.com 847-***-**** Columbus, OH
As a Senior Information Technology and Web Support Specialist, my primary responsibilities typically include:
1.Overnight Systems Updates and Maintenance Patching: Performing routine systems updates and maintenance patching during non-business hours to minimize the impact on the organization's daily operations. This involves monitoring system logs, diagnosing issues, applying patches, and performing backups to ensure that systems remain functional and secure.
2.Providing technical support: Providing technical assistance to users, including troubleshooting hardware and software issues, responding to user requests, and performing system maintenance.
3.Managing web services: Managing the organization's web services, including creating and maintaining web pages, updating content, and ensuring the website is secure and functional.
4.Developing and implementing IT policies and procedures: You may be responsible for developing and implementing IT policies and procedures to ensure the organization's IT systems are secure, efficient, and effective.
5.Training and mentoring: Training and mentoring junior staff members and helping them develop their skills.
6.Collaborating with other departments: within the organization to understand their IT needs and provide solutions that meet those needs.
Overall, my role as a Senior Information Technology and Web Support Specialist is to provide technical support and expertise to ensure that the organization's IT systems are secure, efficient, and effective.
SKILLS

●Infrastructure/Systems Administration: Server Administration, Desktop Administration, Microsoft Active Directory, Azure AD, O365 Admin, AWS, Cloud, Ubiquity Networks, Firewall
●Business Applications: BigCommerce, Microsoft Dynamics, ZenDesk, Acumatica Administration
●Data and Analytics: SQL, Power BI
●Collaboration and Communication: RMM (Remote Management and Maintenance), Voice over IP Administration, MS Teams, Ubiquity Network Systems, Apple Business Manager, IBM Maas
●Web Development: Web/HTML/Java
●Collaboration/Suppport Tools: Microsoft Office, Google Suite, Slack, Asana, Jira, Trello, ZenDesk, Remedy
●Project Management: Waterfall, Agile, Scrum, Kanban

CERTIFICATIONS
Microsoft Certified Systems Engineer (MCSE) 1996
Red Hat Certified Engineer (RHCE) 2000
EnCase Certified Examiner (EnCE) by Guidance Software 2005
CompTIA Network+ Voice and Telephony Certification 2006
Microsoft Certified IT Professional (MCITP) 2008
Microsoft Certified Solutions Associate (MCSA) 2012

WORK EXPERIENCE

J & D Home Improvement 2018 – Present
Consulting Systems Analyst Columbus, Ohio
●Top level Systems and Application support for a wide range of applications within the organization.
●VoIP phone systems (GoTo). Ubiquity Network Systems, Camera NVR’s, switches etc. Gmail Administration, Apple Business Manager, IBM Maas. Monitoring and supporting ticketing system (ZenDesk)
●Interactive relationship with HR to procure devices, grant access and onboard new users

SX TECH, INC. 2002 – 2018
Sr. Systems Analyst Chicago, Illinois

●Attorneys of Weist, Michling & Hoffmann
Digital forensics and e-discovery services, including data analysis and legal testimony
Web design and development services, including website updates, graphic design, and hosting
Security services, including network security and data protection
Consulting services including advising on hardware and software purchases and technology strategy.

●Accenture
Systems administration, including server management, network management, and security administration
Software development and programming with database administration and management – Global Intranet
Cloud computing and virtualization administration
IT project management and coordination
Audio/Visual technology support and management

●Prep Baseball Report
Designed and implemented .Net technology E-commerce web application which supported dynamic internet profiles
Developed customized content management system for document and data storage
Systems administrator. Managed and serviced network hardware and PCs
Supported company applications and software
Assisted with IT budget planning and technology purchases

●Adams Steel, Inc.
Designed and implemented E-commerce web applications using .Net technology, and designed, developed, and hosted dynamic internet presences for companies.
Managed and maintained network hardware and PCs, including providing full network administration services and maintaining PCs and network hardware.
Acted as a systems administrator and provided support for company applications and software.
Developed customized content management systems for document and data storage.
Provided IT budget planning and technology purchase assistance, and ensured cyber security measures were in place.

●Braeside Design Group
Designed, developed and hosted E-commerce web applications using .Net technology
Built, implemented and maintained wireless networks and appliances
Upgraded and provided ongoing maintenance for customer databases
Designed and developed dynamic internet presences for automotive services companies
Integrated customer databases with internet applications and created customized content management systems
Produced live "direct-to-web" video of shop activities and created dynamic data collection systems

AMERICAN HOTEL REGISTER COMPANY 1999 – 2002
Director of E-Commerce Development Vernon Hills, ILL
Managed an e-commerce team of six developers, responsible for HR functions, project management, budgeting, and development of processes, policies and projects, to maximize support of corporate initiatives and customer satisfaction levels.
Planned and implemented training and maintenance on all web-based applications, including custom B2B purchasing web sites for major hotel chains and www.americanhotel.com.
Developed cyber security protocols to ensure data protection and privacy.
Managed client and vendor relationships and acted as primary liaison to Executive, Sales, Marketing, Customer Service, Finance and IT functions.
Managed Lotus Notes development, implementation and maintenance to support business operations and information management.
Led and mentored direct reports, with experience in hiring and building teams, to foster team development and growth.
Established and maintained direct relationships with senior business leadership, including CEO and Board of Directors, to align IT initiatives with business objectives and ensure effective communication and collaboration.
Contact this candidate