Kevin David Ruane
Mobile: 703-***-****
adaal5@r.postjobfree.com
EDUCATION: Virginia Commonwealth University
Certifications: CompTIA Network+, CompTIA Security+ and CCNA.
Technical Experience:
Work Experience:
AWS, Network Scaling & Integration II
September 2017-Present
Managed Network deployment projects from planning to execution.
Deployed, tested, and troubleshot network devices throughout AWS’s IAD cluster.
Assembled resources, scheduled tasks, and created timelines for each project phase.
Followed Kanban Methodology for creating, tracking and executing projects.
Monitored workflow and made timeline adjustments as needed.
Conducted After Action Review (AAR) with team members on a weekly basis.
Managed and performed Statement of Work for contract creation for third party vendors.
Tested, troubleshot and deployed network devices throughout AWS’s IAD cluster.
Followed AWS’s Change Management program guidelines, processes, procedures and standards.
Troubleshot various types of servers, optics and networking links.
Amazon, Data Center Technician II
January 2015-September 2017
Supported one of the highest trafficked Cloud Infrastructure Data Centers in the world.
Ensured Data Center Operations success through network, server and infrastructure monitoring.
Oncall daily for high severity tickets, which included rack downs and Database failures.
Conducted Isolation tests on faulty servers in order to detect flawed hardware.
Troubleshot, swapped, and repaired hardware including Motherboards, PSU, CPU, DIMMs, HDD etc.
Coordinated with DBAs and Networking Engineers on resolving high priority tickets.
NCARB, IT Support Specialist
October 2011–January 2015
Utilized Active Directory to create new user accounts and configure security permissions.
Recovered and managed user data using CrashPlan’s backup software.
Collaborated daily with coworkers using the Agile methodology.
Troubleshoot MacBook Air, iMac, iphones and Mac Minis.
Deployed Office 365, managed licensed users and migrated email accounts.
Coordinated with our leasing company in managing and acquiring IT related products.
Worked with GPOs to deploy applications and secure user authentication.
Prevented data disclosure by using DBAN to wipe hard drives.
Created and captured images using Arconis for quick deployment and disaster recovery.
Configured IP Phones for new users by using the Cisco Unified Management Console.

BAE Systems, Help Desk
May 2011–September 2011
Presented users with solutions to hardware and software issues.
Utilized Remote Desktop Connections to connect directly with customers in order to map drives, printers and investigate problems.
Monitored and completed tickets through Maximo and escalated tickets if necessary.
Updated tickets with new developments and possible solutions.
Created user accounts in Active Directory as well as changed passwords and unlocked user accounts.
Coordinated with coworkers through Microsoft Lync in order to expedite customer inquiries.
Communicated with customers through the Cisco Desktop Agent and received nearly forty calls a day.
Pinnacle, System Deployment (contract),
December 2010–March 2011
Removed previous hardware (IBM to HP) for all employees at Capital One.
Installed new PCs at each customer’s workstation.
Handled customer’s questions and concerns.
Contact this candidate