RUPINDER SINGH SANDHU *, Burgetz Avenue, Kitchener, ON N2A 0B6 437-***-**** (Cell) linkedin.com/in/rupinder-sandhu-485416133 adc70e@r.postjobfree.com

Objective
Highly motivated and detail oriented professional with expertise in Customer Service skills and Technical knowledge. Looking for an opportunity where I can use my skills optimally.
Highlights of Qualifications
6 years of Technical Background in TCP/IP, Networking, Wireless Networks, Information Technology Infrastructure Library, VoIP, VPN Configurations.
Strong technical knowledge of Networking and Electronic Communication. Bachelors in Electronics and Communication Engineering. Post Graduate certificate in Wireless Network Infrastructure.
5 years of experience in SQL, Advanced MS Excel, MS Word, and Windows.
Experience in Administrative skills, App Installations, analyzing technical papers, Debugging, End User Support.
Expertise in Hardware support, Installation, supporting systems, reporting failures, creating tickets, and maintaining logs.
Experience in System Testing, reporting and Automatic
Knowledge of Banking, Finance, and statistical analysis of data.
Acumen of writing business emails, responding to customer inquiries and customer satisfaction
Have an insured vehicle and G Driving license.
WORK EXPERIENCE
Customer Service Representative Walmart Canada, Kitchener 06/2019 – present
Resolving Customer complaints, providing the solutions and addressing inquiries.
Building strong customer relationships
Increasing Customer Satisfaction.
Coordinating with the different team members on a sales project.
Consultant Hit Bullseye, Chandigarh, India 02/2017 – 11/2018
Transformed the inventory data into useful insights and helped in formulating the business decisions.
Worked on SQL and MS Excel to cleanse the data, refine it, perform arithmetic regressions and reports generation using Tableau.
Successfully lead a team to initiate a new service based on the data insights gained from the analysis of the existing data inventory.
Increased sales for my organization by 16.66% with the new service in the second quarter, 2018.
Increased customer satisfaction and customer retention rates.

Senior Analyst Capgemini India Private Limited, Bangalore, India 09/2015 – 01/2017
Awarded as the “Rising Star” in the Data Insights team for increasing the sales for our retail client Future group in the year 2018 by improving the Price Elasticity, decreasing the inventory prices after major sale events and increasing the demand curve.
Worked on SQL Stored Procedures and ETL tool Informatica.
Used Business Intelligence tools OBIEE AND SSRS to prepare data reports on our client’s inventory to interpret the customer behavior, transactions, marketing trends, new insights, and investment tracking.
Achieved the tag of “Batch Representative” of Business Intelligence employees.
International client handling and strategize business operations.
I used to collaborate with Marketing Sales Team, Testing team, Business Strategy team and Clients.

EDUCATION
Post-Graduate Certificate in Big Data Solutions Architecture
Conestoga College, Waterloo, Ontario
Post-Graduate Certificate in Wireless Network Infrastructure
Conestoga College, Waterloo, Ontario
Bachelors in Electronics and Communication Engineering
Punjab Technical University, India

PROJECTS
NLP based Sentiment Analysis using Twitter Data 10/2019 – 12/2019 Big Data Solution Architecture, Conestoga College
Analyzed the twitter data and performed data cleaning and data transformation using N.L.T.K. and regular expressions. Further, I trained my regression models to achieve 85% accuracy. Finally, I compared the user’s tweet sentiment with the seats won by political parties and designed graph using Matplotlib.
Wireless Face Recognition System for Disabled using Raspberry Pi 05/2019 – 08/2019 Wireless Network Infrastructure, Conestoga College
Used matrix development board ESP32, Raspberry Pi 3+ and Python. I designed a system where the face of a disabled person can be recognized and the wireless services in a transit system can be initiated for him automatically using the hand gestures.

ASSOCIATIONS
An active speaker at Toastmasters International
An active member of Anti-Crime Anti-Corruption Association of India.
VOLUNTEERING
Volunteered for National Democratic Party in campaigning for Lori Campbell (Federal Nominee) for the region of Waterloo. I performed canvassing, social marketing and phone calling to promote the party campaign in Federal Elections 2019.

Volunteered for NGO Saarthi based in India where we provided a platform for the young and poor children to express their aspirations. I was responsible to educate them and guide them on to a proper path and become future leaders.
Contact this candidate