HIGHLIGHTS
CompTIA CySA+, Security+, and Network+ certified, and I am working towards AWS Solutions Architect -Associate certification (expected to be certified by December 2020).
Effective interpersonal communication skills in varying settings, organization sizes, and methods of communications.
Strong troubleshooting skills used to quickly diagnose and resolve technical issues.
EDUCATION
Northeastern University, Boston, MA. May 2020 – Summer 2022. Bachelor of Science - Information Technology with specialization in cybersecurity and system administration
South Central College, North Mankato, MN. Spring 2017-May 2020.
East Ridge High School, Woodbury, MN. Class of 2012.
EMPLOYMENT
IT Support Specialist II, Guild INC. (March 2020 to Present)
Respond to help desk tickets and Support software rollout, optimizations, improvements.
Administer the Firewalls, Unifi System, and Network.
Network/Server Maintenance and Security/Firewall Maintenance.
Assist IT manager with configurations of systems security access, and Research and propose software solutions based on needs.
Contributing to the configuration and maintenance of security operations
IT Specialist, MICO INC. (December 2018-March 2020):
Loads specified software packages such as operating systems, word processing or
spreadsheet programs into computer.
Responds to client inquiries concerning systems operation and diagnosis system
hardware, software, and operator problems.
Coordinates activities with help desk, network services or other information systems
groups
Provides updates, status, and completion information to manager, help desk, and/or
users, via voicemail, e-mail, or in person communication.
Technical Consultant, Asurion (March 2017-December 2018):
Provides resolution to customer issues relating to equipment problems, including but not limited to operational, maintenance and repair aspects of equipment.
Fixes smart phones by utilizing tools and processes to triage, determines most effective method to repair, then repairs the device.
Engages with customers face to face daily who need repair and triage and delivers an outstanding customer experience within a retail store.
Meets or exceeds key performance objectives that include service and repair metrics as well as customer satisfaction goals.
Contact this candidate