VINCENT ASUAKO
GERMANTOWN - MARYLAND 301-***-**** adiq0q@r.postjobfree.com

TECHNICAL SUPPORT SPECIALIST HELPDESK TECHNICIAN
Dedicated helpdesk professional currently providing technical support in a 300+ user environment. Skilled problem-solver able to communicate with users at all levels of technical proficiency. Troubleshooting resolve and document user help requests for desktop, laptop, mobile, network and peripheral problems.

Expertise:
Technical Troubleshooting
System Upgrades
Security, Backup and Recovery Solutions
Virus Detection, Removal & Prevention
IT Infrastructure and Performance Tuning
Technical and User Documentation
Relationship Management

Education and Certifications
BSc Business Administration (Banking and Finance), Garden City University College, Ghana
EC Council Certified Ethical Hacker, C EH
GOOGLE IT Support Specialist Certificate
COMPTIA SECURITY + CERTIFICATE
COMPTIA A+ CERTIFICATE
AWS Solutions Architect - Associate

IT FIELD TECHNICIAN
TelaForce LLC, Derwood-Maryland
July 2018 – Date

Serving as the first point of contact for customers seeking technical assistance over the phone and/or email and remote desktop connection.
Manage user/group account with Active directory (Account creation, Password reset, termination and VPN set up)
Image deployment and management of applications
Offer data transfer by manual or USMT
Maintain inventory of computer equipment at warehouse
Assigning users to Domain
Perform workstation hardware and software upgrades
Performing helpdesk (remote) troubleshooting through diagnostic techniques and pertinent questions.
Providing service and customer support during field visits or dispatches.
Managing all on-site installation, repair, maintenance, and test tasks.
Diagnosing errors or technical problems and determining proper solutions.
Perform regular monitoring of computer systems.
Installation of software and maintaining computer systems.
Produce timely and detailed service reports
Effective communicator and a team player.

IT SUPPORT SPECTIALIST
Fitzgerald Auto Mall – Gaithersburg – Maryland
July 2015 – June 2018

Respond to inquiries by telephone, email and remote desktop connection
Regular monitor of computer Systems
Customer service through troubleshooting
Installation of software and maintaining computer system
Assist in decision making on computer policies

Hyundai & Genesis Sales and Lease Consultant, Gaithersburg – Maryland
April 2013 – June 2018

Sales and Lease advise to customers
Financial Advice to customers
Instructions on the use of the Technology in the vehicles to Customers
Vehicle delivery to Customers
Contact this candidate