•

Ayoola Aina Hassan Idowu Street, Surulere, Lagos
IT Support Specialist admtqe@r.postjobfree.com
+234-805-***-****
SKILLS

• Information Technology
• System/Server Administration
• Report writing and communication
• Office 365/Azure Administration
• SQL Server Management/Administration
• Project Management
• Process Review
• Hardware & Software Troubleshooting
• Presentation Skills
• Windows 7,8,10 & windows server.
• Windows Active Directory Administration
• Technical Documentation

EDUCATION

OND Computer Hardware Engineering
Second Class Upper Division
Dalewares Institute of Technology, Lagos.

2014 – 2016

PROFESSIONAL QUALIFICATION

Ø ITIL V4
ITIL Foundation Certificate in IT Service Management (April 2021)

INTEREST
Music Travelling Documentary.

REFERENCE

To be provided on request
IT Support Engineer - Abbey Mortgage Bank Plc.
June 2017 – Till present
Effective Implementation of IT Service Management
o Ensuring effective implementation of all ITIL V4 recommendations to achieve full compliance with the standards and control objectives.
Incident Log Management
o Ensure all IT incidents are properly logged and resolution steps are properly documented.
Effective Implementation of ISO 27001 Recommendations
o Ensuring effective implementation and adaptation of ISO 27001 Recommendations to achieve full compliance with the standards and control objectives.
Technical Support
o provide support to all users in various locations both remote and physical. Follow through issues to ensure they are properly resolved and mitigated a reoccurrence where possible. Also perform upgrades and repairs when necessary.
External Auditors requests/correspondences
o Responding to external auditors’ requests and ensure recommendations are implemented.
Hardware Infrastructure Procurement and maintenance
o Responsible for the recommendation & Procurement of computer hardware including Laptops, Desktops, Servers, Printers & Scanners.
Network Monitoring & Server Resource Monitoring
o Monitor and configure the network & Network devices in the organization. Apply user/network policies on the SOPHOS Firewall, and monitor the server resource & Health with the use of SOLARWINDS while identifying where performance can be improved.
End of Day Processing
o Initiate the EOD(End of Day) operation on the SQL server after all transactions for the day have been posted, also initiate SOD(start of day) & EOM (End of Month).
E-Channels Support
o Monitor the E-channels system to ensure the service is up & running. Also work with the E-Business unit in the debit card creation process.
ACHIEVEMENTS
• Implementor in the first implementation process of ISO 27001 in Abbey Mortgage Bank Plc. – October 2020.
• Member of Abbey Special Project Development Pioneer Team. Got a Letter of commendation from the MD for developing a new product.
• Deployment of Sophos Central & Sophos Server endpoint to secure all servers in the organization, & the integration of new ISP’s which led to the reduction of ISP cost by 20% in Abbey Mortgage Bank PLC
Contact this candidate