VIGNESHKUMAR KANNAN
+91-909*******
adn285@r.postjobfree.com
Profile Summary
Information Technology Support Specialist with 4+ years of experience in reducing user’s downtime through prompt evaluation, troubleshooting, repairing, Managing and Administrating assets, software licence while keeping up with latest IT trends, techniques, and practices. Skilled in resolving O365, Exchange Online queries, Troubleshooting Office suite, network issues, software glitches, fixing system errors, and repairing hardware malfunctions. MSME Certified Hardware Support Professional.

Education
Master’s in computer science and Engineering. Graduated –June2014
Valliammai Engineering College (Anna University)

Employment History
Karadipath Education Company Private Limited Sep’2017 – till the date
IT Support Specialist

Responsibilities
Implementing company-wide use of Office 365 Applications, Windows 10.
Educating employees about the Office 365.
Operating in a dynamic, Medium-volume environment to provide Technical assistance to at least 10 users per day.
Forging productive relationships with remote employees by supplying swift telephone and online remote support to 2-3 daily calls, messages, and emails.
Tracking issues and ensured timely resolution of problems, reducing response time from 24 hours to immediate
Troubleshooting Level 1 Hardware related issues
Negotiating best pricing for hardware and software quotes and procurement.
Automating process in O365 through PowerShell scripts.

CMS IT Services Private Limited
Associate Technical Engineer
Client: Indira Gandhi Centre for Atomic Research Mar’2016 –Aug’2017

Responsibilities
Configure antivirus software to fully protect IT environment.
Monitor the performance of the computer systems and address issues as they arise.
Provide technical support for software reconfigurations to aid in function customization.
Test software performance throughout the desktop network to ensure peak performance.
Install computer hardware and software on desktops to keep versions current.
Initiate and complete Microsoft Windows server operating system updates.
Network with LAN/WAN and active directory for continuous company connection.

Sutherland Global Services Private Limited Jun’2015 –Feb’2016
Consultant
Client: Amazon.ca (Canada)

Responsibilities
Updating Firmware, resolving Wi-Fi issues, Security verification for pass code issues.
Authenticating the authorized users and Resetting Users password.
Responds to customer inquiries by understanding inquiry, reviewing previous inquiries and responses, gathering and researching information, assembling and forwarding information, verifying customer's understanding of information and answer.
Creating tickets using and following the issues and updating the status to the customer through E-mail.
Records customer inquiries by documenting inquiry and response in customers' account.

Technical Skills
Office 365 Exchange Online ● Outlook ● Desktop Support ● Networking
Synology NAS ● Hardware troubleshooting ● LAN ● Asset management
Software Installation ● Software licencing ● Teams ● Thin Clients ● Snipe IT
Antivirus ● Windows 7 ● Windows 10 ● Windows Server 2012
O365 Deployment. ● Adobe creative cloud support

Technical Training
O365 Administration and Management ● CCNA

Place
Date VIGNESHKUMAR KANNAN
Contact this candidate