MYREON E. GUYTON

Metro Atlanta, GA adr6pe@r.postjobfree.com
404-***-**** linkedin.com/in/myreonguyton/

IT MANAGER

Innovative and results oriented IT Manager with sound leadership and troubleshooting abilities, with extensive experience in a diverse technological environment. Well-rounded with strong IT background in infrastructure/application management, implementation, and monitoring in a large, dynamic, fast-paced, and progressive IT arena. Demonstrated expertise in application and infrastructure monitoring principles. Excellent written and verbal communication skills with the ability to present complex technical information in a clear and concise manner to a variety of audiences. Proven skills in leadership development and team building.

Strategic Planning Infrastructure Performance Management Team & Leadership Development Policy Writing
Trending Analysis Vendor Relations Annual Budget Development Technology Integration Change Management Facilitation Process Development Performance Reporting Policy, Adherence Management

EXPERIENCE

Engle Martin & Associates, Atlanta GA
IT Customer Success Manager/IT Manager January 2021- Present
Manager IT Support team for organization of 720 employees. Responsible for day-to-day support of various applications and end-user hardware. Strong leader focused on IT delivery.
Daily review of tickets (incidents) related to user support needs. Coordinate escalation resolutions by prioritizing and directing workforce requirements as needed.
Set high standards for customer support and frequently involve myself in situations that fall below those standards.
Acts as vendor manager by facilitating and maintaining relationships with external partners. Overall responsibility for the procurement, negotiations, and invoice approvals.
Regularly meet with direct reports to train, mentor and provide direct feedback regarding performance and accolades.
Ensure organization adheres to asset lifecycle management by reporting on and coordinating IT hardware replacement and procurement.
Frequently review and draft new processes in response to the organizational needs. Update and publish SLAs for the IT service team. Establish KPIs to help drive high performance.
Facilitate regular meetings with regional executive to address questions, concerns and to inform of any IT support changes or efficiencies. Demonstrate effective interaction with varying levels of personnel, including executive staff members under high pressure situations.
Lead IT support efforts to bridge acquired companies under the organization’s support structure.
Utilize ITIL principles to improve efficiency and achieve predictable service delivery related incident management and system outages.
Frequent utilization of the Agile methodology as it relates to project deliverables.
Advance working experience with ServiceNow and ITSM methodology.

Kaiser Permanente, Atlanta, GA November 2016 – January 2021
IT Operations Manager
Ensured the availability of 100+ critical corporate applications and diverse infrastructure environment via 24/7 monitoring support team for large health insurance company with 200,000+ employees.
Analyzed incident data and trends, develop KPI’s and reported to Senior Management to help prioritize efforts to improve system availability and performance.
Partnered with key stakeholders and business leaders to ensure application monitoring requirements and expectations met while aligning with departmental strategies.
Planned, scheduled, organized, and supervised the day-to-day technical support of Operations Center team activities to achieve established Service Level Agreements (SLA).
Hired, trained and mentor team.
Defined and managed procedures for incident escalation by effectively analyzing and prioritizing incoming alerts and incidents. Advanced working experience with ServiceNow.
Defined and drafted support documentation related to standard operating procedures based upon ITIL best practices.
Oversaw the completion of work assignments, made decisions, and aligned team efforts. Directed multiple projects simultaneously.
Audit systems and measured progress utilizing performance management guidelines and expectations across team.
Set goals and provided open feedback and coaching to drive performance improvement.
Led and facilitated meetings with business partners and global support teams to help prioritize efforts to improve application and network availability and performance.

Department of Aviation, Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport, GA April 2005 - November 2016
Senior IT Supervisor
Monitored and managed the availability of critical corporate systems and applications.
Researched new products and technology for implementation into corporate environments, addressed and improved overall efficiency.
Coordinated network capacity review and ensured adequate network bandwidth exists and data circuits are secure.
Established KPIs and performance matrix to identify and resolves system performance problems proactively.
Managed asset life cycle and coordinated the configuration, repair, and replacement of failed network assets.
Provided guidance to Network Operations Center (NOC) team and support engineers in troubleshooting and maintaining a diverse technological environment.
Developed and interpreted infrastructure and application trending reports to upper management.
Facilitated weekly change management meetings. Approved, denied, and provided guidance on changes based upon ITIL best practices.
Established network infrastructure performance baselines and matrix.
Developed detailed network diagrams and established infrastructure device inventory database.
Demonstrated and practiced ITIL best practices.

ADDITIONAL RELEVANT EXPERIENCE

WAN Engineer Lead, Equant, Atlanta, GA
NOC Engineer, QOS Networks – Atlanta, GA
Network Operations Specialist, Sprint – Atlanta, GA
Senior Telecommunications Analyst, Georgia Department of Human Resources
Microcomputer Support Specialist, Georgia Department of Human Resources

EDUCATION PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT CERTIFICATIONS

Bachelor of Science, Telecommunications Management, DeVry Institute of Technology

ITIL v3 - Certified
ITIL v4 – Course Completion 2020
Contact this candidate