JOSE MIGUEL CASTILLO
Maywood, NJ *****
adsd4d@r.postjobfree.com / 201-***-****
SUMMARY
Seasoned Specialist offering 23 years of comprehensive experience interpreting and implementing quality assurance standards and investigating customer complaints and non-conformance issues. Practiced and knowledgeable professional possessing excellent problem solving and analytical skills paired with strong knowledge of QA terms, tools and methodologies. Committed to improving overall business processes. SKILLS
LAN/WAN
Hardware diagnostics
Windows 10/11
Mac OS
Customer support needs assessment
Application installations
Hardware and Peripherals
Printer installations / Troubleshooting
Technical Troubleshooting
System installations
Maintenance and repair
Microsoft Office 365
Hardware upgrades
Cisco AnyConnect VPN / RSA VPN
Remote Meeting Application Support ( ZOOM /
CISCO WEBEX )
Microsoft Teams
iOS & Android devices
Imaging and recovery
EXPERIENCE
Senior IT Specialist / IBM Corporation - New York, NY 01/1997 - 12/2021 Supported the worldwide marketing organization Responsible for ordering & configuring equipment for the entire organization including Laptop's and mobile devices Responsible for maintaining equipment up to date with latest OS updates and security patches Responsible for technical support for all C-Level events (CEO, CMO, CFO conferences) Responsible for Americas internal recognition events, Setting up network infrastructure / ordering and shipping all equipment needed during the event Responsible for All IT related issues (Hardware - Software) Responsible for design team printing capabilities (Ordering and Servicing large commercial printers). Supported department leadership in implementing new policies, procedures and controls. Identified areas in need of critical improvement and implemented strategies to achieve targets. Followed all company policies and procedures to deliver quality work. Attended training programs to deepen professional skillset and assisted in training fellow store associates on existing and new training programs.
Helped employees with inquiries about Hardware and Software,coordinated resolutions to both common problems and unique challenges.
Collaborated closely with upper management to develop corporate vision and roll out initiatives to meet goals. Solved technical issues by troubleshooting, resolving and documenting service tickets. EDUCATION AND TRAINING
Associate: Electrical Engineering
JC
New York City Technical College - Brooklyn, NY
Contact this candidate