J. Michael Devadason
Annapolis, MD *****
443-***-****/410-***-**** • adsgp5@r.postjobfree.com • www.linkedin.com/in/mike-devadason/
IT Support Specialist
Accomplished professional with extensive experience in the IT industry developing efficient troubleshooting techniques, executing high-quality repairs, and providing comprehensive installation services to businesses/customers.
AREAS OF EXPERTISE
Skilled in diagnosing hardware/software issues and fixing malfunctions, along with implementation of effective solutions and recommendations of technical measures to prevent future occurrences.
Demonstrated expertise in application of various software packages, installation of operating systems, and upgrade of hardware/software, together with server builds, network management, and mobile device management.
Expert at providing all facets of computer help desk support, including troubleshooting, installation, and maintenance, along with system configuration.
Articulate communicator, possess abilities to deliver quality customer service as well as establish and sustain cordial relations with key stakeholders through effective communication.
TECHNICAL PROFICIENCIES
MS-DOS Microsoft Windows O/S Microsoft Office Suite Mobile Device Management (Apple/Android/Blackberry Phones & Tablets) Customer-Specific Software Workstation Setup/Configuration
Professional Experience
Self-Employed, Annapolis, MD
PC Repair Technician (3/1999 – Present)
Troubleshoot, diagnose, and repair hardware/software on laptops and desktops while manipulating various programs and drivers. Configure and install operating systems as well as resolve existing issues, hardware/software conflicts, and viruses. Communicate with customers to resolve complaints by highlighting issues, assessing possible malfunctions, and suggesting preventive measures to mitigate future problems. Address customer inquiries, provide cost estimates, and visit users at home to conduct necessary upgrades to hardware, software, and operating systems
Key Achievements:
Generated referrals from existing clients by delivering quality customer service in a timely manner.
Engaged and secured new customers by offering technical support/services according to customers’ convenience.

NBC News Washington Bureau - Washington, DC
Network IT Support (1/2022 – 4/2022)

Provided time-sensitive computer hardware and software support for NBC's on-air news anchor staff and the support staff for the DC bureau. Job functioned primarily around keeping daily news operations up and running. Assisted with local personal office setups/configurations/troubleshooting as needed for laptops, monitors, network printers, & desktop phones. Also supported/configured mobile devices (Apple iPhones/iPads) for use in daily bureau operations via hands-on support as well as data provisioning through Verizon. Maintained/updated local computer and phone inventory.

US Patent and Trademark Office, Alexandria, VA
Executive Support IT Engineer (1/2013 – 10/2019)
Served as contractor with ‘Innovative Management & Technology Approaches’ (IMTAS) for Patent and Trademark Office. Functioned as a part of first-response team to support IT needs of executive management staff members and subordinates. Provided robust technical support to company in hardware/software handling by promptly responding to all IT requests and fulfilling technical needs. Oversaw local and network print issues to trace problems and restore settings. Triaged Apple mobile devices as well as managed Verizon Enterprise account to streamline operations. Troubleshot various devices to identify failure causes and fix technical issues. Delivered seamless technical support by solely managing after-hours and weekend service requests from domestic and overseas employees. Performed maintenance of personal computers and peripheral equipment by identifying problems and providing effective solutions accordingly. Operated in a Win 7&10/64-bit environment by utilizing MS Active Directory (Windows Server 2008R2/64-bit).
Key Achievements:
Led a panel as a subject matter expert at CompTIA’s ChannelCon in 2018, streamed live online.
Provided single-handed technical support to employees for after-hours and weekend help requests to assist with maintaining business operations continuity.
FTI Consulting, Inc., Washington, DC
IT Technical Support (6/2007 – 1/2013)
Furnished prompt local and remote support for computer-related issues, including web connectivity, printing, and Office document issues. Diagnosed software issues, installed updates, and removed malicious programs, together with resolution of hardware and operating system errors. Resolved selected issues with various mobile device models, involving BlackBerry and iPhone devices. Maintained user contact through phone and e-mail to provide technical assistance and instructions in operations of equipment. Managed and sustained user accounts from initial employee set-up through to termination. Troubleshot network connection problems within the building and worked through contractor(s) to correct miscellaneous issues as needs dictated.
Key Achievements:
Delivered front-end support for more than 400 users in multiple office locations as part of a four-man team.
Received numerous accolades from employees at all locations before and during performance appraisal time.
Obtained recognition-based monetary awards in terms of salary and performance bonuses.
Introduced an initiative, involving question-&-answer session along with follow-up afterhours to acclimate on-boarding new employees to company’s systems and processes.
Developmental Disabilities Administration – Maryland Dept. of Health and Mental Hygiene, Baltimore, MD
IT Technical Support Services Supervisor (10/2005 – 6/2007)
Supervised immediate computer hardware support for approximately 50 local staff, along with regional state office staff across four remote locations. Functioned as first local contact for HW/SW troubleshooting across primarily WinXP and Win2000 computer network, including connectivity issues (web, e-mail, network printing), Novell GroupWise (e-mail) client support, and maintenance/upgrade scheduling, together with user PC troubleshooting as conditions warranted. Detected virus/spyware/malware issues, repaired software/hardware, and implemented efficient controls to prevent future occurrences and ensure uninterrupted operations.
Key Achievement:
Developed a new inventory management listing of DDA division’s PC-related equipment to enable efficient management of parts tracking, repair history, and upgrade schedules.
Prior experience as Mobile Team Technical Support (9/2002 – 7/2003) for Charles County Maryland Board of Education – Technology Department and as Field Technical Support (8/2000 – 1/2001) for HSG, Inc.

Education & Training
University of Maryland University College, College Park, Maryland
Bachelor of Arts in Communications, Concentration in Technical Writing for media applications
Georgetown University, Washington, DC
The Multi-Cert Program, A+, Net+, Security+, CCNA, MCP
— Certifications —
Microsoft Certified Systems Engineer (MCSE) ~ Microsoft Certified Professional (MCP)
— Professional Associations —
Member - Alpha Sigma Lambda Honor Society
Contact this candidate