Miguel Ángel Quirós III
Computer Field Technician & IT Support Specialist
Talented certified Computer Field Technician and IT Support Specialist with 10+ years of experience. Gifted for understanding needs of both business and home users. Versed in troubleshooting and desktop support on Windows systems. Proven skill in resolving problems quickly. Master Customer Service background.

Experience

2017 - Current
Computer Field Technician & IT Support Specialist
AH Computer Services
Resolve diverse range of technical issues across multiple systems and applications for customers and end-users.
Translate complex technical issues into digestible language for non-technical users.
Use ticketing systems to manage and process support actions and requests.
Assist customers in identifying issues and explained solutions to restore service and functionality.
Install security applications and devices and suggested additional security measures.
Document transactions and support interactions in system for future reference and addition to knowledge base.
Perform computer repair and maintenance activities, including onsite repairs and replacements of parts.
Travel to on site locations in a 25-mile range, maintaining extended communications with clients to ensure maximum client satisfaction.
Research new technologies and provide new techniques to optimize business productivity.
Deliver PC support via phone, email, and RDP (Team Viewer).
2007 - 2017
Computer Technician Self-employed
Disassembled computers to perform diagnostics and check for repair needs.
Researched and identified problems with computers and advised the client on plans of action.
Assessed system hardware and software and suggested modifications to reduce lag time and improve overall speed.
Responded to support requests from clients and patiently walked individuals through basic troubleshooting tasks.
Updated and installed new software on desktop and laptop computers to maintain latest technology.
Managed data transfers between systems and storage mediums.

Education

2015-05
A.A. General Studies
Valencia College
2017-09
Comp TIA A+ Certified
New Horizon Computer Learning Center

Skills

MS Office Suite
Microsoft Windows Operating Systems
Active Directory
Software installations & troubleshooting
Hardware setup & troubleshooting
Networks
Remote assistant
Data Migration
Security
Error Logs
Problem-Solving
Customer Service
Communication
Analytical
Decision Making

Languages

English – Proficient
Spanish – Native Speaker

Contact

Orlando, FL 32807
407-***-****
adslvf@r.postjobfree.com
Contact this candidate