An (Cody) Le- Systems Engineer
470-***-****, adtik7@r.postjobfree.com

Objective
To grow and continue my career with an organization that will utilize my Management and IT Operations skills to benefit mutual growth and success.
Education
2009-2014 Georgia State University
Bachelor of Business Administrations
Concentration in Computer Information Systems
Work Experience

OMP USA Smyrna,GA Systems Engineer June 2020-Preset
●Internal office support Lead for Laptops, New Hire Orientation, mobile device setups, printers, data center checks, and all setups including Teams Phone and Virtual Room Meeting support.
●Provide weekly updates on the company's technological assets and supplies.
●Daily ticket resolution via Omnitracker, and created multiple Knowledge Base articles for documentation purposes.
●Remote support via Teams/Quick assist of Virtual Machines, Account Lockouts, and VPN.
●Basic Powershell scripting, network support, sharepoint, MS Azure, and VM ware maintenance and building.

Surya Technologies Atlanta, GA Enterprise Desktop Engineer Oct. 2019- July 2020
●Support clients on-site with IT related issues. (Multiple Offices- Cherry Bekaert)
●Help with client budget and ensure feasibility of office IT changes.
●Laptop imaging and provisioning via network boot IPv4 imaging.
●Created a plan and implemented for inventorying and image process for client.
●Resolve issues with end users remotely via Bomgarcloud.
●Document all work and service via SD Management Plus.

KornFerry International Atlanta, GA IT Support Specialist Dec. 2015- Sept. 2019
●Provided internal support for emergency outages and computer networks.
●Worked with Cisco switches, ports, routers, and network server.
●Used ADUC for account lockouts, and computer domain adds.
●Re-imaging laptops, desktops, and providing hands on support.
●Resolved problems through Remote Assist (Logmein123/Bomgarcloud).
●Quarantine and removal virus, malware, and any other threats.
●Troubleshoot printers, mobile devices, and all computer software/hardware.
●Office 365 Support (SharePoint, OneDrive, Teams, ect.)
●Documented all work and services through Service Now.
●Resolve on average 20+ tickets a week.

Fidelity Bank Decatur, GA IT Support Assistant September 2015-October 2015

Tata Consultancy Services (PWC) Atlanta, GA IT/Helpdesk Support May 2015-Aug. 2015
Contact this candidate