EDGAR R. RINCON
786-***-****
adtrzt@r.postjobfree.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
I T Specialist and programmer professional with over 15 years of experience
Team player and detailed oriented individual with the ability to consult with managerial, engineering, and technical personnel to clarify program intent, identify problems, and suggest changes with in- depth experience configuring security settings and access permissions for groups or individuals.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Customer/IT Support Specialist June 2021 – Present American Airlines
Provide customer support during flight check-in at Kiosk and terminals. Identify, diagnose and provide resolution of problems related to Kiosk, terminals and printers. Provide preventive support of systems used during passenger check-in.
Take a hands on approach to a wide variety of issues with any and all hardware and software used by passengers and team players.
Take pro-active approach of all hardware and software functionality utilized during peak hours to focus on preventive measures to support maximum utilization of all resources, providing best possible outcome during check-in and re-booking.. Ensuring all scanners, terminals, bag check-in hardware is functional to provide a timely passenger check-in.
During downtime, conduct preventive maintenance on all hardware used by team players and passengers. Provide new employees with proper training and passenger services eligibility services.

IT Support Specialist 2011 – May, 2021 AditUsa
Provide tier 1/2 (help desk) problem identification, diagnosis and resolution of problems. Provide support for the dispatch of systems and hardware problems.
Take a wide variety of issues with end users and configure, deploy and manage Windows operating systems.
Take complete ownership of all support duties. Ensuring tickets are handled correctly and quickly. Provide support to IT systems including day to day operations, monitoring and problem resolutions for all of the client, server, network devices as well as mobile devices. Provide after-hours and on-call support
Junior Systems Administrator 2008 – 2011 HB Rita inc.
Managed network servers and technology tools.
Setup accounts and workstations. Monitor performance and maintain systems according to company requirements. Troubleshoot issues and outages.
Ensured security through access controls, backups and firewalls and upgraded systems with new releases and models.

Information Technology Specialist 2001- 2008
Metropolitan Dade County Enterprise Technology Services Dept.
Monitored thru Remedy ticketing system and provided level 2 technical support to issues from incoming calls from county users with problems pertaining to pc’s, hardware, software, applications, wireless and smartphone units
Maintained log of county web pages functionality. System Administrative tasks for Tivoli Database and Service Request resolutions as well as, preparing GIS maps and reports for Public Access group at ETSD pertaining to non-county customers’ requests utilizing ArcGIS, Crystal Reports preparation,
Systems Analyst/Programmer
Maintenance of Finalist Application to include new version installations, testing, application support, and monthly updates
Analyzed users request from Elections, ESD and ORS Departments to code and modify new and existing application programs and report generation and responsible for enhancement, testing and implementation.
Analyzed GIS requests for Metro Dade Police to produce crime reports and maps and responsible for modifications and enhancements to the on-line Crime Analysis System (CAS), and on-Call support of the CAS and Sexual Battery System (SBS)
Worked in conjunction with Senior Analyst in testing and migration of on-line Unix application and responsible for testing application and user training at customer sites.
Designed, developed and implemented adhoc requests for CAS and other county agencies as well as writing user documentation for SBS and conducted user training

ACCOMPLISHMENTS
Assisted in setting Elections Department network to SPCC's network backbone for online access using cisco hardware, training remote media site users to access Elections Display System, as well as, participated in election night troubleshooting of network components Programmed in COBOL II and IDMS using OLM, IDD, JCL, TSO for Child Development System and Voter Registration System and analyzed user request for GIS projects using ARC/INFO, as well as creating Dade County Elementary, High School and Fiber Optic Network coverages and generated GIS adhoc request.

EDUCATION & CERTIFICATIONS
Bachelors of Science, Computer Science, Long Island University, N.Y.
CompTIA A+, Network+, Security + and
Linux + Certified.
CompTIA AWS, Azure cert. expected certification of Dec, 2022
Miami Dade College, Miami, FL
B.S. in Cybersecurity Expected day of Graduation May, 2023
SOFTWARE
Visual Basic.NET, C++, Java, JavaScript, CCS, HTML, SQL, MySql, Tableau
Networking Essentials, Windows 7,10 and win365
ArcGis 9.0, ArcView, ARC/INFO,
MS Access, OSF1,
UNIX, LANs, TCP/IP,
Microsoft SQL,
Exchange Server, Crystal Reports and Remedy.
Contact this candidate