ISLINGER BUSSINESS ANALYST
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
EDUCATION
SKILLS
CONTACT
609-***-****
adupid@r.postjobfree.com
Linwood, NJ
A double Bachelor degree holder in Nursing and Health Exercise and Physiology with 3+ years of experience in various industries including healthcare, personal training, and IT support. Skilled at leveraging continuous improvement principles in fast-paced, high pressure situations. Dedicated to driving transformative change within organizations and individual people. Looking for an opportunity to apply Agile and Scrum principles in a more professional setting.
BLS
ACLS
PALS
NASM CPT
ELNEC
ENPC
BRENDON
Bachelor of Nursing
Drexel University
Honors
BSc: Health Exercise and
Physiology
Ursinus College
Works within a team setting to collaborate with doctors and patients to assess needs, establish working conditions, and match services and products to patient requirements. Employs strong interpersonal skills to coach and mentor colleagues and end users on established best practices while offering sound medical advice. Champions an environment of continuous learning and improvement by staying current on healthcare treatment and technology trends while reinforcing the development and implementation of nursing care plans. Frequently coordinates with multidisciplinary team members to facilitate integrated and comprehensive care plans.
Works within high pressure situations to assess competing priorities and work through concurrent tasks and objectives to deliver value to patients and the organization. Effectively uses strong time management skills to prioritize patient care based on acuity level while efficiently working to mitigate risks and optimize optimal outcomes.
Proactively instills a culture of exceptional service to clients by reinforcing healthy lifestyle goals, celebrating personal health milestones, and effectively coaching and training through safe and interactive means.
Frequently works and collaborates with top athletes including NCAA athletes. Effectively assesses client abilities and conceptualizes individual and unique fitness plans geared towards transformational change and enhanced wellbeing. Consistently seeks to empower clients and customers to make healthy decisions regarding mental and physical well-being.
Works to establish a supportive working environment of continuous improvement, goal advancement, and alignment on a shared vision. Creates routines and plans focused on continuous self-improvement while coaching and guiding clients past challenges, obstacles, and allowing the removal of impediments.
January 2021 - Present
Emergency Room Nurse Shore Memorial Hospital
February 2020 - Present
Personal Trainer NASM
SUMMARY
CERTIFICATIONS
Scrum Principles
Agile Principles
Agile Development
Servant Leadership
Software Development Life
Cycle (SDLC)
Stakeholder Management
Healthcare Management
Patient Care
Facilitation
Risk Mitigation
Prioritization Management
Interpersonal Communication
Fitness and Wellbeing
Actively addresses and troubleshoots issues with clients and customers regarding all technical related issues including troubleshooting of IT systems, software, and computer hardware. Increases customer satisfaction and business efficiency by compiling and maintaining technical documentation of work performed, product requirements, and software issues resolved. Proactively seeks to build mutually beneficial business relationships with clients, end users, and stakeholders to promote positive feedback loops and increase collaborative problem solving. Effectively works to establish a working atmosphere of exceptional customer service and support by connecting with end users and stakeholders through various means including telephone, chat, and email. Delivers value to end users and customers by streamlining operational processes and causing the removal of impediments and blockers by identifying procedural bottlenecks and systematic pain points. Demonstrates strong problem-solving skills and the ability to work on multiple priorities simultaneously. Consistently seeks to innovate and iterate upon past performance through regular retrospective inspect and adapt events to continuously improve towards optimal business outcomes. Accomplished a total of 240 hours in the Med Surgical department which involved serving patients in acute-care facility offering 24-hour emergency services including fast track, surgery, OB/GYN, diagnostic imaging, cardiology, gastroenterology, and diabetes education.
Completed an additional 500 hours in ICU, PACU, Psychiatry, Telemetry, Gerontology, and Community Research. Increased patient care and overall satisfaction by promptly discovering needs and matching patients to timely service and products.
Worked closely with co-workers to establish task priority and clearly define objectives while adhering to Standards of Operation (SOPs) and organizational best practices. Frequently collaborated and communicated with doctors and patients to assess needs, establish working conditions, and match services and products to patient requirements. Promoted an environment of openness, transparency, and courage to deliver lasting value and a welcoming atmosphere to patients.
Served as a observational member of a group working with Orthopedic Surgeons and Nurses on surgical procedures. Worked to stay current on industry trends, standards, and build out a knowledge base of information regarding a wide variety of treatments, care plans, and situational resolution techniques. Involved in actively learning Operation Room functions including various surgery methods, individual professional roles in the healthcare industry, and how to properly handle surgical equipment. Worked closely with Orthopedic staff to develop new techniques and approaches to medical care and urgent patient needs.
August 2019 - Present
IT Support Specialist - Freelancer
September 2020 - August 2021
Nursing Clinicals Drexel University
May 2019 - August 2019
Patient Care Analyst - Intern Shore Orthopedic University HOBBIES
Sailing Skiing Golfing
Contact this candidate