Steve Besco
Forney, TX *****
adusdd@r.postjobfree.com
214-***-****

Authorized to work in the US for any employer
Work Experience

Self employed
IT Consultant
Jul 2017 - Present
Independent IT Consultant with emphasis on File Transfer solutions and Workflow automation.

Cardtronics GP Inc ETAL - Frisco, TX
IT Manager for VCOM Operations
Dec 2007 - Jul 2017
Orchestrated the successful migration of the 7-Eleven ATM transactional processing environment from a hosted EDS model to an in-house Cardtronics environment. Enhancements in the Cardtronics environment design included: a redundant Cardtronics environment with dual datacenter failover, scripted failover processes and automated batch processing. Project complexity involved multiple software vendors, large scale ATM population, SAN integration, network routing and SLA commitments.
Upon completion of the migration and redundant data center that included real-time failover capabilities of the transactional environment, I instrumented a new Enterprise managed file transfer process across the entire company providing the ability of secure file movement that is 100% controlled and auditable.
Other responsibilities included an improved Cardtronics’ Payment Card Industry compliance environment and back-office process that were vetted annually by top financial institutions and top retail partners along with annual PCI certifications.
At Cardtronics, we grew our ATM financial services environment from a few thousand ATMs to 180,000. Our planned growth accounted for a scale of up to 250,000 ATMs without the need to invest in all hardware and software initially, but to grow with the environment as it became necessary. I’m experienced with Hardware Security Modules that are at the cusp of transaction processing speed and encryption key management.
Electronic Data Systems - Plano, TX
Senior IT Specialist
Oct 1985 – Nov 2007
Following formal EDS training as a software engineer, supported EDS’ largest customer GM on two billing systems: time-sharing of a super computing service and “Mr. Goodwrench” training on Control Data mainframes.
An innovator capable of developing software products and services ahead of their time: the EDS corporate Personal Information Management product called Executive Desktop, an executive succession planning application Global Employee Management System for EDS Leadership Development and a custom collaboration room at EDS headquarters with inlaid monitors, brainstorming software and shared screens.
Held three positions advising senior executives on design and management of Local Area Networks supporting Leadership Council Operations, Leadership Development and Strategic Planning.
Transitioned to Windows support and development by consulting the 7-Eleven corporation on two large scale projects: an in-store retail system upgrade for 5800 stores and a central server hosting environment for 2500 ATMs running advanced functionality. Automated software distribution to push software updates to each 7-Eleven store and allow store ordering 22 hours a day by timezone. Communications resources were scaled so 100% of stores could order in the last five minutes of their order window.
United States Navy
Supply Corps Officer
Jun 1977 - May 1985
Education

BS in Systems Engineering
United States Naval Academy - Annapolis, MD
Jul 1973 - Jun 1977
Skills

Security (6 years), Controls (10+ years), Retail (10+ years), Hosting (10+ years), Software Development (10+ years), Leadership (10+ years), upgrades (10+ years), Information Technology (10+ years), Operations Management (10+ years), Research (10+ years), Microsoft Windows (10+ years), Active Directory (10+ years), Project Management (8 years), Customer Service (10+ years), Technical Support (10+ years), SQL (10+ years), Transact-SQL (10+ years)
Military Service

Branch: Navy
Service Country: United States
Rank: LT
June 1977 to May 1985
Supply Corps Officer
Contact this candidate