CURRICULAM VITAE
PAWAN
KR.PRADHAN
Email:-
pradhan.pawan05
@gmail.com
Mobile:-
*** 054*******/
566781561
Dubai
Languages Known: -
English, Hindi &
Nepali, Bengali
CORE
COMPETENCIES:
Effective
communication
skills and good
analytical and
decision-making
ability.
Dedicated to
Professional and
highly motivated
towards target
achievements.
Having the ability
to complete the
given task.
Positive attitude,
Friendliness and
Flexibility and
achieve success in
job.
PERSONAL DETAILS
D.O.B : 15th May 1984
Marital Status: Single
Gender : Male
Passport No :
J9621115
Visa Type :
Employment
CAREER OBJECTIVES:
To overcome each hurdle, while climbing the ladder of success, to be successful in every opportunity presented, and to excel in every endeavor undertaken. Current Employer –
FARM FRESH MEAT PRODUCT FACTORY LLC (GMG GROUP) (May 2021 till Present) as PROCUREMENT SPECIALIST (Import & Local Purchase):
General Responsibilities:
Purchasing, Controlling Import, Export, Logistics, Stock Availability, Inventory Management, Receiving,
Job Responsibility:
Identify suppliers of goods and services.
Negotiate terms with suppliers such as price, quality of goods, deadlines, expectations, etc. Monitoring supplier performance and resolving issues and concerns.
Prepares purchase orders by verifying specifications and price, obtaining recommendations from suppliers for substitute items, obtaining approval from the requisitioning department.
Liaise with suppliers and project managers regarding updates and details of goods.
Analyze invoices to ensure accuracy of goods delivered
Compares prices amongst various vendors in order to make sound purchasing decisions.
Ensures that products are delivered in a timely manner, and that the quality of the goods received is satisfactory
Evaluates the performance of certain vendors in order to decide whether or not to continue buying from them.
Evaluating products and suppliers according to key business criteria.
Analyzing industry and demand trends and supporting senior management with the development and implementation of sourcing strategies.
Preparing reports and maintaining accurate inventory and procurement records.
Previous Employer:
FRESHLY FROZEN FOODS FACTORY LLC (Oct 2016 till Arp 2021) as PROCUREMENT & LOGISTICS OFFICER (Import & Export): Job Responsibility:
Overseeing all Purchase & Logistics activities related to import & export shipments.
Ensure timely liquidation of slow-moving inventories on coordination with the Retail Operation heads.
Strategic approaches to manage expiry stock without affecting the revenue.
Communicating with international & local suppliers to expedite the shipments upon receiving the purchase order from the concern department. Providing weekly and daily activity reports like shipment under transit, shipment received etc. to other senior management (CEO, GM, FM, and Operation).
Responsible in executing the documentary process, management of the Stand-By LC and Documentary L/C on both sides (import and export), presentation of invoices linked to Documentary L/C via banking channel, etc. in accordance with the Company's policies and procedures.
Coordinate with international suppliers to receive all import shipping documents as required for UAE customs clearance.
Communicating with international suppliers & freight agents for organizing cargo pickup as per INCOTERMS.
Possess good documentation knowledge in handling “Import & Export” shipments. Checking and inspecting the goods received from customs and ensuring they are of accurate quantity, type, and acceptable quality.
Previous Employer:
AKM Foodstuff Trading LLC/AKM Logistic DWC LLC (April 2015 to Oct 2016) as LOGISTIC COORDINATOR
Job Specializations:
Responsible for the overseas procurement of around 300 frozen & Chilled SKU’s.
Responsible to control overall ordering cycle in coordination with sales manager according to the real time requirement.
Forecasting and finalizing of the prices with overseas suppliers and shipment scheduling considering the selling trend and storage cost.
Shipment tracking in coordination with shipping lines and constant communication with clearing agent and transporter to get the stocks in smoothly.
Previous Employer:
Pal International Foodstuff LLC (1st April 2014 -March 2015) KEY RESPONSIBILITIES (Operations):
Carry out all documentation concerning import and exports. Liaison with clearing agent, concerned authorities, Transporter Company and internally within the company And different departments.
Effectivly deal with Municipality and Food Control authorities in UAE and good liaison with the follow up teams.
Handling banking works, accounts Payable and receivables, work related to TR/LC for import documentation.
Previous Employer
Convergys India LTD (Delhi) (4th Aug 2008 upto 10th Feb 2010) Senior Customer Care Officer (Dispute Correspondent Capital One), UK/Technical Support Officer (Microsoft
KEY RESPONSIBILITIES (Operations):
Handling calls for the dispute for customers on their credit card.
Maintaining their records for credit cards and giving them information regarding disputes.
Refunding them in their fraud transaction and dispute related queries Technical support to the customers for their computer related problems.
Troubleshooting Customers Computer on remote access. Configuring their system on remote IT support.
EDUCATION QUALIFICATION
Passed BCA from SIKKIM MANIPAL UNIVERSITY 2008.
Passed HIGHER SECONDARY (10+2) in 2004 from S.U.M.I (Kalimpong) W.B.B.H.S.C.
Passed MADHYAMIC PARIKSHA (10th) in 2001 from S.U.M.I
(Kalimpong) W.B.B.S.E.
Trainings & Accolades:
Certified in SAP Material Management from Webcam technologies Delhi, ORACLE ERP & WMS, Advance Excel
Certified in Dispute Analyst from Capital One Bank (US). DECLARATION
I hereby certify that the foregoing information is true and correct to the best of my knowledge.
Date: (PAWAN KR.PRADHAN)
Contact this candidate