Luis Delgado
*** *** **** ***** ************, IL 62234 314-***-**** adv4ak@r.postjobfree.com
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
Highly talented and accomplished Information Systems Administrator with more than 20 years of IT support experience, with an emphasis on exceptional customer service. I have many years of experience with designing, troubleshooting, repairing and maintaining business information systems, with a focus on supporting servers and computers. I am extremely familiar with various core IT infrastructure such as network configuration, printer support, phone systems and inventory management, along with the ability to focus efforts towards staff training, budgeting and vendor negotiations for long term success. I am currently looking to gain additional working experience and exposure with a company that wishes to hire dedicated people to be a part of their team. KNOWLEDGE AND SKILL AREAS
Nestle: At Nestle, my contract position was quickly moved to full time Field Services technician, where I eventually became a senior level employee. Due to my exceptional ability to work under pressure, clearly communicate and work with all types of personalities, I was eventually moved to a highly critical Global Crisis Management position.
Regions Bank: During my time at Regions Bank, I maintained an excellent customer satisfaction rating of 9.9 out of a possible 10, since the inception of the customer satisfaction survey system. That rating placed me, as a technician, in the highest %1 for customer satisfaction corporate wide for over 6 years.
Exceptional customer
service
Staff and customer
training
Helpdesk support
Crisis Management
Project Management
Team Leadership
Active Directory
Office 365
VPN
Network support
Windows 7
Windows 8
Windows 10
Windows XP/Vista
Apple and Android mobile
device support
Printer support
Error logs
VBS Scripting
Data Retention
VLAN
DHCP
DNS
Imaging via Ghostcast and
SCCM
Powershell V3
Microsoft Server 2008 R2
Microsoft Server 2003
Microsoft Server 2012
Clustering
Hyper-V
Virtualization
Disaster Recovery
Telecom installation and
troubleshooting
25 pair terminations 66
block and 110
Ethernet Cabling
Trace32
SharePoint 2010
Raid support
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Nestle Globe, North America – Global IT Crisis Manager 6/2018 – 5/2021
Provided P1 and P2 level crisis support for the Global Nestle business critical systems during Zone AMS hours.
Tasked with managing key IT support personnel during critical incidents to expedite the resolution of Major Incidents.
Required to capture key updates from technical calls and relay current Business Impact and the estimated time to resolution to all stakeholders at Nestle.
Coordinate emergency two hour interval communication via SMS and Email to all impacted zones at Nestle, via a cascaded system created by my team.
Post the closure of the Major Incident Process, identify and own any improvements to the process and align the tasks needed to effect appropriate change among the various teams involved.
Involved in multiple highly visible projects within IT Crisis Management. The most recent being the project lead for the integration of Nestle Waters North America Ready Refresh project into the Global IT Crisis Management process.
Nestle Globe, North America – Senior Specialist Field Services 2/2014 – 6/2018
Provided Level II support to End Users involving break/fix remediation of Windows 7/8/10 system, Printers, Telephones, Mobile devices, as well as a multitude of miscellaneous IT related requests.
Project Manager for the Employee Digital Workplace Optimization program from 2016 to 2018 for zone AMS. In this role was responsible for identifying appropriate learning opportunities and coordinating Field Services teams, for the delivery of IT related learning lessons to our End Users.
Facilitated the expansion of the Warm Transfer process for North America in 2017. This service allows the Nestle Service Desk to directly escalate support calls to Field Services team members, which allows an opportunity to expedited incident resolutions for customers.
Assistant Project Manager for Site Survey visits. In this role I helped coordinate Field Service technicians for site visits and provided oversight to ensure that these individuals were completing their assigned checklist of items during the duration of their site visit.
Helped with small project support assistance for Field Services team leads, when necessary.
Initiated End User training in the form of live presentations to groups of 40 or more individuals.
Coordinate the data migration and rebuilding of multiple remote assets while simultaneously working on projects for leadership.
Asked by leadership to become our team's NCE pillar. In this position my role was to help guide team members to become more aware of opportunities for ending business disruption in the workplace. This was done to help technology associates change their mindset from a break/fix mentality to an identify and permanently correct methodology.
Created PowerShell scripts for team lead to extract data from Active Directory. Tek Systems, Nestle Globe - Contracted thru Tek Systems, Client Support Specialist 8/2013 – 2/2014
Provided level II hardware/software support for clients in the Midwest area based on HP service manager tickets generated via the service desk and through web ticket submissions.
Routinely assisted coworkers and senior management depending on daily workload and tasks assigned by the Field Services manager.
Assigned to lead a project in which 70 Nestle Waters laptops must be upgraded to the corporate SNOW 5 image by the middle of December 2013.
Actively shared responsibility in hosting Daily Operation Review meetings which assists our department in maintaining a proper understanding of the most critical needs of our supported clients. Regions Bank, DD&S Support Technician Level III 12/2000 – 7/2013
Have supported Level II Helpdesk for over 1500 associates in the Midwest region
Dutifully required to be available for repairing network, server, PC, laptop & printer interruption for 400+ associates, located in 25 offices, all within a 200 mile area.
Involved with installation, configuration and troubleshooting multiple windows 7 machines using event manager, Msconfig, Regedit, System Restore.
Effective in supporting clients using Remedy ticket tracking software with no missed Service Level Agreements in over 2 years.
Responsible for providing continuing education of technical and non-technical staff in supported business systems.
Experienced at designing, configuring, and installing numerous LAN networks using Cisco, HP, and Nortel switches.
Built, configured, and maintained hundreds of Windows 2000, 2003, 2008 servers.
Supported Active Directory schema versions 2003, 2008, 2012.
Performed testing with Windows Server 2012 operating system using Data Center installation, including Server Core w/ GUI in a virtualized environment.
Managed a Server 2012 Datacenter environment including multiple virtual servers, which was done alongside a Windows 2008 R2 Active Directory Schema environment. This was done for upgrade testing purposes.
Exposure to Active Directory GPO/OU/User/Computer modification and creation
Chosen by management as regional Corporate Lexmark printer hardware support trainer/technician.
Provided system automation using VBS scripting templates.
Successfully Designed, tested, and implemented an effective server disaster recovery procedure for some of the critical servers for the Regions Trust and Investment Group. Cardinal Carberry Senior Living Center, Campus Administrator 2/2000 – 12/2000
Configured, Installed, and provided Troubleshooting of Windows 95/98 client workstations to communicate on LAN.
Trained users how to maximize the use of software at their disposal to its full potential Fine tuning server performance on LAN.
Created and edited object/file rights.
Managed the Installation of mail software on Client PC’s.
Managed HP network switches which included the implementation of a VLAN.
Administer of ADP Payroll and Kronos Time Clock software. Tek Systems, IT staffing agency, PC Technician 9/1999 – 2/2000
Fixed all hardware/software problems with Windows 95 PCs in a mixed server environment.
Configured pc’s for MS Outlook Email software.
Installed IE 4 on pc’s and explained how to use it.
Managed and configured HP Printers on network.
Utilized virtual terminal software on pc’s for use with Mainframe. EDUCATION & CERTIFICATIONS
Technology Certifications
Comptia A+
Comptia Network+
Comptia Server+
Certificate of Achievement from Villanova University – Project Management Essentials Ranken Technical College – St. Louis, MO
Associates Degree, Computer Networking Technology
Phi Theta Kappa
Student Government-Class Representative
Contact this candidate