Hytham Hassouneh
advd9r@r.postjobfree.com 916-***-**** Sacramento, CA
WORK EXPERIENCE
Infosys Feb 2022 – Present
Software Associate Sacramento, CA
Developed code and documented artifacts including unit test plans and ensure that the output is as per the given specifications and SLAs.
Testing - Performed testing activities (Functional, Integration, System, User experience) based on the plans and in line with defined processes with guidance from supervisor.
Transform data and analysis into informative data visualizations and interactive dashboards to increase the visibility of key metrics.
California Department of Public Health Jun 2020 – Feb 2022 IT Help Desk Specialist Sacramento, CA
Worked independently and with other customer service tickets related to the technical support to the Pega platform, assisting users by answering questions on Pega applications and supporting users that contact the helpdesk via e-mail and telephone.
Additionally, I participated in supporting various application quality assurance (QA) testing phases including unit, integration, regression, and user acceptance.
Utilize various tools to evaluate performance and implement remedies to improve performance, including tuning database parameters and SQL statements.
EDUCATION
Sacramento State University May, 2021
BS, Computer Science Sacramento, CA
Relevant Coursework: Computer Networking, Operating Systems, Software Testing + Quality Assurance, Computer Forensics principles and practices, Data Visualization.
Awards & Honors: SAC Hacks 2019 Winner Best MongoDB application.
Soil Born Farms Database Application: Senior design project for our client, developed software that collects and manages multiple business data streams. The application processes the data and provides requested data analytics for sales.
CERTIFICATIONS, SKILLS & INTERESTS
Certifications:
Google IT Support Certificate
Google Networking Fundamentals Certificate
Amazon AWS Cloud Practioner Certificate
Skills:
Proficient in multiple Programming languages such as C++, python, HTML, SQL and Java.
Monitored hardware and software on LAN/WAN systems though the computer terminal.
Tableau, Excel, Power Bi, Git
Knowledge of standard development techniques (OOD, SDLC, Agile), Support and Deployment.
Work with key stakeholders to identify reporting and analysis needs.
Interests: Traveling, Fishing, Cars, Building websites/applications.
Contact this candidate