Jasbeer Kaur Waseer
IT Support Specialist
advmlw@r.postjobfree.com
Contact +1-437-***-****

Executive Summary

IT Support Specialist with 14 years of experience in application support for Internet Banking applications in Tandem Operating System.
Expertise in Managing and Coordinating User Acceptance Testing activities with users in various locations in Europe.
Understanding all phases of SDLC. Provided support for the entire life cycle of a project.
Expertise in handling and guiding Test Support and Production support activities, between various teams located in different geographic locations.
Has been in a client facing role for application maintenance and support for a leading European bank since 2015 in Brussels, Belgium
Ability to work independently at client site and timely guiding clients towards solutions to meet the project deadlines
Excellent understanding of Managing and executing the software release process.
Well versed with Requirement gathering, Requirement Analysis, Executing Test scripts for batch programs.
Expertise in tools like ServiceNow for logging tickets, HP ALM for defect logging during UAT testing, JIRA tool, Tandem Non Stop servers and Control-M.
Responsibilities also include Supporting systems upgrades, provide technical support and knowledge of system availability, set up conference calls to engage technical resources to provide timely response.
Highly motivated, positive and goal-oriented individual with demonstrated professionalism, attention to detail and an analytical mindset.
ITIL foundation certified and well versed in all the Microsoft applications and Outlook.
Consulting Experience

Tata Consultancy Services Jun 2008 – Jan 31 2023

Client: Deutsche Bank (Project #6) Sept 2015-Till Date
Project: DB-Internet Application L1 support specialist and UAT Coordinator
(Onshore - Brussels (Aug 2015 till Oct 2019) and currently Offshore Bangalore)

Deutsche Bank has required supporting its Db-Internet application test environment systems for all 19 instances/locations.The application was designed and introduced to cover the complete back-office functionality
required by the wholesale/corporate banking oriented entities of Deutsche.Highly Integrated and functionally very rich, db-Internet serves as one of the main application backbones for virtually all business areas. The DBI application interfaces with a number of interface(or applications outside DB) e.g. SEPA,Trade finance,CPE, etc.

Provide technical support to the Application Users.
Analyse the new business requirements to enhance the DBI functionality for Brussels and Amsterdam branches.
Working as a UAT Co-ordinator of Amsterdam and Brussels branches.
Performing SOD/EOD/Intraday checks on all servers in DBI for above branches.
Attend Walk-through calls to understand the new business requirement with Scrum teams.
To perform UAT technical testing of Quaterly Maintainence(MR), Special and EAR releases.
Raise defects via ALM tool if any issue faced during End-to-End testing with various Interface partners.
Involve and co-ordinate with users for the UAT testing of various departments- Cash-Ops,loans, back-office,IMS static teams involved in testing.
Have a direct 1-1 call with users sitting in above departments and explain the changes occurring via any release or any changes related to the functions they use in DBI application.
To agree on the UAT time lines in the EAR call for any future testing.
Co-ordinate with DBI Test support, deployment and dev teams before the start of any tests.
To keep track of UAT testing and providing updated status to release team.
Investigate and rectify the production issues reported by users.
Extracting reports from database as per the requirement of the users.
Log service requests, Incident tickets and resolve the issues reported by the clients within standard time.
Attending Client Technical and UAT call and discussing on recurring issues and coordinating with dev team.
To follow up with DBI production L2 team for any incidents reported and update users accordingly.
Participate in special Year end activities which include - Disaster Recovery (DR tests), Audits from EY company, ECB Reporting, AMS tax reporting and also participate in H/W migration if planned any.
Providing technical support to users for StorQM (Data storage) application.
Raising necessary access to DBI application for newly joined users.
Also working as a back-up of Iseries-Secoff AS400 admin project.

Client: Deutsche Bank (Project #5) June 2014 – Aug 2015
Project: Global Market Equities – Cash and Analytics
Deutsche Bank Analytics is responsible for post-trade analysis and client profitability analysis among other analytics responsibilities. These activities are automated and run through the application called DBCAT/Raptor.
DBCAT is Deutsche Bank data warehouse and it is an analysis tool used by Traders, Sales Traders, Controlling and management at Deutsche Bank being on top of trading and order management system, data flows through DBCAT provides consolidated view of bank trades and sales trader’s performance in details of different Equity Desks. It is pure client server application with batch jobs to support the data load. The batch jobs run during the night and populate market data. ‘Raptor’ is a Deutsche Bank’s Alpha Capture, trade idea entry and portfolio management System used by Equity sales to send Clients, the bank’s best ideas
Provide technical support for the Application Users.
Continues monitoring for all Cash Servers in Geneos Console and making sure the servers are available before trade.
Performing SOD/EOD/Intraday checks on all cash servers of UK/US regions.
Raising GCM's and performing post and Pre Implementation checks after DR/GCM.
Investigate and rectified the issues which caused the server/job failure.
Extracting reports from database as per the requirement of the traders.
Investigating the failure of trades and rectifying the statics if required.
Log service requests, Incident tickets and resolve the issues reported by the clients within standard time.
Attending Client Technical call and discussing on recurring issues and coordinating with dev team on rectifying them.
Performing user/static maintenance

Client: Deutsche Bank (Project #4) April 2013 – May 2014
Project: Integrated Data Management System(IDMS)
IDMS or Integrated Data Management System is a Corporate banking application for APAC branches. It provides core banking functionality & various payment functionalities. This supports Liquidity, Cash-Sweep functionality, High value & low-volume Payment system (including cross border), Foreign Exchange etc.
Involved in Requirement gathering, Analysis, Testing of batch programs.
Understand the user requirements, test the program(s) and deliver to the SIT Team.
Wring Test cases of a particular Core Item.
Execution of Test cases.
Raising the defects in ALM.( DB tool)
Tracking the defects in defect tracking system and monitor the defects

Client: Deutsche Bank (Project #3) Sept 2012 – March 2013
Project: IT Support for Db-Internet (Offshore Mumbai)

The project consisted of providing test support for the branches of Amsterdam, Brussels, Paris and Vienna systems.
Analysing onsite requirements
Assigning work to offshore team
Observing deadlines for all offshore task
Status reporting to DB and TCS higher management
Resolving issues regarding application interface partners
Resolve Client queries and clarifications, propose and implement solutions to various bugs reported in the system.
Determining the various interfaces required among applications /systems, establishing the connectivity and achieving the desired output.
Carrying out root cause analysis of the defects.
Tracking defects using Quality Center Tool.
Mentoring and Training offshore team for support project Documentation
Supporting European branches on Deutsche Bank.
Complete system building, Interface set up, Maintaining user accounts and functions, Connectivity testing (SFTP, FTP, TCP and MQ).
EOD Monitoring and Investigation and resolution of technical problems/queries.
Manage customer expectations. Control overall issues going on in the project and as per the criticality timely escalations. To ensure all procedures have been followed

Client: Deutsche Bank (Project #2) Jan 2012 – Aug 2012
Project: DB Internet Test Support (Onsite Amsterdam)

The project consisted of providing test support for the branches of Amsterdam, Brussels, Paris and Vienna systems.
Supporting European branches on Deutsche Bank.
Complete system building, Interface set up, Maintaining user accounts and functions, Connectivity testing (SFTP, FTP, TCP and MQ).
EOD Monitoring and Investigation and resolution of technical problems/queries.
Manage customer expectations. Control overall issues going on in the project and as per the criticality timely escalations. To ensure all procedures have been followed

Client: Deutsche Bank (Project #1) Jun 2008 – Dec 2011
Project: DB Internet Test Support (Offshore Mumbai)

The project consisted of providing test support for the branches of Amsterdam, Brussels, Paris and Vienna systems.
Analysing onsite requirements
Assigning work to offshore team
Observing deadlines for all offshore task
Status reporting to DB and TCS higher management
Resolving issues regarding application interface partners
Resolve Client queries and clarifications, propose and implement solutions to various bugs reported in the system.
Determining the various interfaces required among applications /systems, establishing the connectivity and achieving the desired output.
Carrying out root cause analysis of the defects.
Tracking defects using Quality Center Tool.
Mentoring and Training offshore team for support project Documentation
Supporting European branches on Deutsche Bank.
Complete system building, Interface set up, Maintaining user accounts and functions, Connectivity testing (SFTP, FTP, TCP and MQ).
EOD Monitoring and Investigation and resolution of technical problems/queries.
Manage customer expectations. Control overall issues going on in the project and as per the criticality timely escalations. To ensure all procedures have been followed

Languages & Tools

Languages – PL/SQL, Unix, TACL, COBOL85
Tools – Control-M 8.0, Db Symphony, Db Sicher, ALM
RDBMS - Oracle
Hardware - Tandem Non Stop Servers
Microsoft Office (Excel, Word and PowerPoint)
Certifications

ITIL – Information Technology Infrastructure Library
FTC – Payment Systems
SWIFT – Basic concepts
Scrum Master certification from Knowledge Academy
Educational Qualifications and Trainings

2001-2004: Diploma in Computers, MSBTE, Nagpur
2004-07: Bachelor of Technology in Computer Science and Engineering, Pune University
Trainings
Case Study in Mainframe COBOL85
Database Management System
Quality – Internal Process Auditor’s training
Tandem Training – Tandem Architecture, Screen COBOL, TACL, TAL, Guardian 90, DDL, DBU, INSPECT, FUP, SCUP, ENSCRIBE, AND ENFORM
ATLAS – General Training
Contact this candidate