Emerson Moniz
Boston, MA advn4e@r.postjobfree.com 617-***-**** LinkedIn Github
EDUCATION
Bachelor of Science (B.S.) - Computer Science Jan 2018 - Aug 2020 Wentworth Institute of Technology (WIT), Boston, MA PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
Technical Support Engineer with experience in troubleshooting and resolving technical issues for customers. Proficient in various operating systems, network protocols, and hardware platforms. Strong troubleshooting skills and excellent customer service. Able to communicate technical information effectively. Confident in providing exceptional technical support. SKILLS
Data Science Techniques: A/B testing, Hypothesis testing, Random Forest, Regression,Statistical Inferences, Time Series Analysis Developer Toolkit: JupyterLab, Microsoft Office suite: Access, Excel, PowerPoint, Word, Numpy, Pandas, Power-BI, Scikit, Seaborn, Tableau, matplotlib
Programming Languages: C, C#, C++, CSS, F#, HTML, Java, Javascript, Julia, MongoDB, PostgreSQL,Prolog, Python, R, SQL Software: Eclipse, Git, IDLE, IntelliJ, Jira, NetBeans, Pycharm, Visual Studio, Windows, MacOS, Linux EXPERIENCE
Picnic, Software Quality Engineer Intern May 2022 - Nov 2022
● Utilized JIRA to log software bugs and collaborated with the Software Development Team to accelerate the release of fixes and updates, resulting in a 10% increase in efficiency.
● Created and executed over 30 test cases and automated test scripts for the application UI and API, contributing to a 20% reduction in bugs.
● Provided assistance to the software development team in identifying and correcting bugs, as well as improving the overall quality of the software.
● Conducted regression testing and provided the QA team with a comprehensive analysis of the results. Data Science for All by Correlation One, Data Science Fellow Nov 2021 - April 2022
● Employed advanced data analysis techniques and tools, including querying, visualizations, and analytics, to process and analyze complex datasets using Python.
● Worked with datasets that simulated real-world scenarios, allowing for the application of data science principles in decision-making processes, including evaluating home pricing in Seattle, determining factors that influence Airbnb rental prices, and comparing models to predict the likelihood of defaulting on a loan.
● Created an interactive Tableau dashboard through the use of Python and various packages including Pandas, Numpy, Scikit, and matplotlib, by scraping and analyzing datasets from government sources, Kaggle, and social media platforms.
● Conducted exploratory data analysis, data cleaning and preparation, and time series analysis using the ARIMA model in Python, to predict future cryptocurrency prices for 5 different coins. MassHealth Data Warehouse, Data Analyst Co-Op Jan 2020 - Mar 2020
● Participated in meetings with team members and business stakeholders to gather and clarify project requirements.
● Assessed business requirements and regulatory needs, and evaluated their impact on the organization and the Data Warehouse.
● Created and maintained technical standards, practices, and policies to align with organizational needs and ensured comprehensive code and documentation adherence to Data Warehouse practices and policies.
● Developed comprehensive business and system documentation that adhered to Executive Office of Health and Human Services standards. WIT, Technical Support Specialist Co-op Sep 2019 - Jan 2020
● Assisted users with technical support through various channels including phone, email, and in-person interactions
● Successfully resolved over 450 technical issues related to hardware, software, and networking, leading to a high satisfaction rating of 97%
● Deployed and configured desktop, laptop, and other equipment for new and existing users, and tracked inventory of assigned equipment and parts in IT storage facilities
● Proficient in utilizing Active Directory, Office 365, Windows, MacOS, and Remote Support Tools.
● Created and maintained comprehensive documentation of technical issues and solutions using the ServiceNow platform to facilitate efficient resolution of future issues.
WordStream, Software Engineer Intern Jun 2018 - Sep 2018
● Applied agile methodologies to successfully modify and upgrade software interfaces for web applications, resulting in a 95% error-free rate
● Contributed to a team of developers in improving and maintaining web analytics applications, search engines, and content management systems, leading to a 20% increase in user satisfaction
● Collaborated with a team of developers and interacted with product managers and marketing teams to deliver high-quality web applications
● Reviewed and provided feedback on the code of over 25 developers, resulting in a 10% improvement in code quality. VOLUNTEER
Boston Debate League, Judge Oct 2014 - Present
● Judge policy debate rounds from divisions Novice through Varsity
● Provide specific, concise verbal/written feedback to the debaters
Contact this candidate