Boban Dimovski
Canton, MI 734-***-**** advtdl@r.postjobfree.com

Eager to learn new processes, programs, and procedures quickly to maximize contributions to the user, team, and business success.
Quality-driven and self-motivated with a superior work ethic and dynamic nature.

EDUCATION

Walsh College, Troy, MI
Bachelor of Science in Information Technology (Concentration: Cybersecurity) March-2023

Oakland Community College, Farmington, MI
Associate in Information Technology Support June-2021

TECHNICAL SKILLS

SIEM, Splunk, Reverse engineering, Malware Analysis, Cloud Security, Python Scripting, Risk Analysis, Active Directory, VMware, Kali Linux, Windows Servers, Firewalls, VPN, DHCP/DNS.

CERTIFICATIONS

Cisco Academy, Introduction to Cybersecurity 2019-Present
Cybersecurity Essentials 2019-Present
Mobility Fundamentals Series: Wireless Technology and Standards 2019-Present

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Global Information Technology May 2022-Present
IT Support Specialist

Provide Tier 1 support to staff and student end-users via telephone, email, and in-person.
Migrating and upgrading computers from Windows 7/10 to Windows 11.
Troubleshooting Windows OS issues and fixing them.
Updating all computers. Cleaning temp files, cache, cookies, java, and performing a gpupdate.
Installing and uninstalling various software applications
Cleaning up disk space on C-drive
Set up and configured new employee workstations, including all hardware, software, and peripheral devices.
Assisted teachers with computer problems and other technologies such as projectors, printers, and scanners.
Updated software version with patches and new installations to close security loopholes and protect users.

PROJECTS

FTK Hashing and Registry

Demonstrate converting forensic file types.
Demonstrate Windows Registry Hive Forensic Analysis capabilities.

Memory Acquisition and Analysis

Acquire memory from a live system.
Extract Memory Contents from a live system.
Employ Volatility to obtain:
oSystem Profile
oProcess List
oProcess Tree
oNetwork Connections
oFile Scan
oFile Extractions
oUser Issued Commands
oRegistry Hive
oSIDs
Navigate and utilize tools to review SQLite databases used with Internet browsers.

Metasploit-EternalBlue

Adapt privilege escalation attacks.
Adapt establishing a foothold approaches.
Build remote harvesting techniques.
Contact this candidate