PERSONAL SUMMARY:

Very technical IT Support Technician has terrific troubleshooting and good interpersonal skills to assist end users with computer hardware, software, and creating access network shared drive, folder. Re-creating windows 10, 11 profile, fixing corrupted PC, Provide telephone, live-chat, email and in-person, MS 365 and exchange server, Azure active directory, AV equipment’s, updating patching software applications, SharePoint Permissions. Security update to Windows devices, Two-Factor Authentication, manage, and document tickets in ServiceNow, Jira, Remedy, Microsoft 365 admin, issues outlook freezing, Outlook Online, Teams, OneDrive, Active Directory and Azure AD Admin, endpoint management, Windows Autopilot and deploy OS with Intune. Experience with Terminal Services and KACE.

SKILLS:
Excellent telephone skills and good ability to use Remote Access, Zoom, MS. Teams, Intune, Autopilot, Bomgar, Daymore, RDP, VPN issues.
Good analytical and troubleshooting skills, Like windows does not boot properly, BIOS update, virtual machine, trace file Lost access
Highly skilled Microsoft new product. Strong knowledge of viruses, application glitches, software and hardware issues. Patient able to walk customers through troubleshooting and repair process. Update and maintain IT devices. Creating a boot path.
Excellent customer service skills, and Good organizational abilities. Keeps abreast of changes in technology, Experience with KACE
Good understanding of installations and patching updates, A.D, Azure and A.D admin. Domain, DNS, DHCP, cloud based server build/rebuild.

WORK EXPERIENCE

Amazon.com -
Tech. support and Ticketing Systems specialist Oct 2021 – Present
•Execute, and creating user policies, profile management, Windows GPO. Manages network printers/connectors and configure.
•Troubleshooting, customize applications including Word, Excel, One drive, Skype for business, SharePoint, VPN,
•AWS Team issues, add new user, and monitoring.
•Administrating group policy, permission, account provisioning, creating distribution group, communicating onboarding process and consulting external clients, Troubleshooting end-user workspace desktop, Laptop, Hand scanner (Hand PC)

Barrister Global Services Network Inc.//HCL- Chubb - Service desk Consultant May 2021 – September 2021
Execute, manage, and administrating, Azure cloud, outlook and issues, add users licenses, multifactor authentication services.
Troubleshooting, customize Office 365 applications including Word, Excel, One drive, created CSV editor, Skype for business, Bomgar, SharePoint, VPN, Created Microsoft group Team, licensing, add new user, monitoring Azure AD directory.
Administrating Azure group policy, permission, account provisioning, creating distribution group, communicating onboarding process and consulting external client, Troubleshooting end-user Citrix workspace desktop. Upgraded Windows 10/11, Intune, Autopilot, Bios,
As a team member monitoring migrating company’s email system from POP web hosting to Office 365.
Sunnybrook Health Sciences Centre – Consultant Windows Admin and Client Services Specialist Nov 2020 – Jan 2021
Used System Center Configuration Manager 2012 to package teams to determine requirements for monitoring several servers to minimize. Created application/Deploying and imaging in both new and used PC’s via WDS, Setup new users, with laptop, VPN connection, Office 365 admin, adding new users and mail box, office 365 licenses, share drive permission, delegation policy, check who is locked out, how many times user trying to log in, bad P.W. attempted and cleanup daily basis priority tickets and tracking, record and respond to requests for IT technical support.

Server build / rebuild (Cloud) - Consultant kitting- posting Specialist Apr 2020 - Nov 2020
IBM cloud data Centre Canada
Configured and pre provisioned, for deployment: servers, network gear and various infrastructure related equipment, responsible for monitoring softlayer transaction data, and tickets systems. Updated retriever software for Lenovo machines
Deploying stringent hardware qualification testing on new hardware configurations and approve them for production
Building, rebuilding 1u, 2u, 3u, 4u servers, Ram, Processor and rebooting servers with various devices, replacing drives, raid cards, cabling at times. Run from patch panel to server and or to switch, Power verification. Doing Dual factor verification request from other technicians, remote installation procedure upper level management, through IBM Softlayer and IBM Slack portal.
Installed-swap HD, RAM, Raid card racking – Uncracking servers. Managing and maintaining Citrix Applications

MAXAR technology Oct 2019 – Apr 2020
Consultant Server migration and IT administrator Specialist,
As a System Administrator at Maxar Technologies worked with Server administration in various environments - Windows 2008 R2/2012R2, 2016, 20219 with Active Directory Services. Updated system configuration. users, support windows PC.
Provided VCenter server 6.0 5.0, Virtual center server for managing multiple VM Server services. Level 2 IT support and Migrated from Confidential accounts to Microsoft Exchange Outlook Web App OWA accounts. Updating Patch/OS/Firmware
Monitored the physical-VMware servers and decommissioning. Supported Wireless Networks, VPN, LAN/WAN support.

MBI/COMPUCOM CANADA
ENGINEERING & SITE DEPLOYMENT CONSULTANT (TEAM LEAD) July 2019 – Sept 2019
•Building – Rebuilding, Laptop, Desktop, Disk parting, deploying OS, hard ware, securing the end user hard drive Supporting 3rd party custom software with in the software centre and software distribution.
•Supported imaging, reimaging, software, hardware installs on end user devices and participation staging, Created outlook profile in Citrix
•Ability to troubleshoot technical problems related to Citrix XenApp/XenDesktop infrastructure

Children’s Aid Society of Toronto. Dec 2017- Jun 2019
Consultant Windows Migration System Deployment (Windows Admin) Specialist/End user support Specialist

Deployed HD assets, Provided first Using MDT, “Sysprep”, “Gimagex”, Installing, upgrading and imaging, disk parting and deploying Windows 10. Provided Patching creating package and deploying via SCCM, Work with each client to ensure checklist items are completed and that the laptops are issue-free. Provided analyzing and diagnosing user issues, network issues. Provided support office 365, and resolved customer issues with equipment and services, provided the resultant Set of Policy.

CIBC Canada/SOROC Technology of Canada Nov 2015 - Dec 2016
Consultant Windows Migration (Command Centre Team Lead)/End user support administrator
Created application packages for windows 10 and deploy, task sequenced for MDT servers, mastered Image and Deployment.
Executed OS deployment, and remote desktops and laptops using MDT, WDS and SCCM, and reported issues to the ServiceNow portal. Provided bootable USB drive, and boot from USB - BIOS. Managed security services on local and remote machines, troubleshooting security issues, end user accounts and services, and desktop hardening. Created the Ultimate USB Key to Solve OS deployment Problem. Provided analysis of problems while working toward solutions to technical issues

Royal Bank of Canada/Buchanan Technology May 2015 - Nov2015
Consultant Windows Migration/End user IT Support Analyst. Toronto.
Windows deployment command centre team leader, Supported entire team high level escalated incidents. Changed control management with all LOB's (RBC Insurance, RBC Advice Centre, and RBC domestic and Caribbean bank transits). Followed up on outstanding, Chicago Tools, HP service manager (ITSM tool) tickets, and resolved escalated issues.

AVIVA CANADA Sept 2014 – May 2015
Consultant network infrastructure/System Admin - Windows deployment Specialist
Created the Sysprep Image. Basically I build out a few images then deployed them to the respective departments
Created a task sequence for the reference computer, and prepared Dell/HP laptops, and PC User Documentation
Carried out on-site analysis, identification, and resolutions of difficult problems for end users
Worked on 3rd party Microsoft Dynamics NAV Software
Provided 1st and 2nd level support to 400 callers via Avaya IP agent. Responded as the technical support, focusing on operational based Mac Windows systems, servers and applications between multiple locations, PC hardware/ software support for local/ remote clients in a Windows/ MAC environment
Communicated onboarding process and consulting external clients, troubleshooting end-user Citrix workspace desktop

SCARBROUGH CENTER FOR HELATH COMMUNITIES Aug 2012 – Sept 2014
System Administrator/ Network Support Specialist
Created MDT Servers and deployed MOH, Public sector / healthcare software packages policy, and documented all steps.
Assisted with desktop support, maintenance and problem resolution through SCCM.
All images was PXE boot and instructed to technician pull the image down and deploy, verified document info into asset management. Created a boot image in SCCM 2007. configured the DHCP server
Monitored and supported Windows XP 7, Windows Server 2003/2008, Exchange Server 2007/2010, Microsoft Office for Mac 2008/2011, Mail App, Entourage, Smartphones, iPads and iPhones support
Provided all installed networking resources ( Cisco routers, switches, firewalls, Network Management Systems, etc.) securing LANs, WANs, Wireless LANs
CERTIFICATIONS
Microsoft Certified Professional
CompTIA A+ certification
Network Plus Certification

EDUCATION
Master of Science in Computer and Electrical Engineering Degree
Contact this candidate