Christopher Kollie

advwof@r.postjobfree.com • 718-***-****
linkedin.com/in/christopher-kollie-38651935 • Smyrna DE 19977

Detail-oriented IT professional with 15+ years of experience in diagnosing and providing support for diverse computer system problems, including debugging, correcting, repairing, servicing, examining, installing, and troubleshooting computer hardware, printers, and other peripherals. Highly-analytical mindset to identify bottlenecks to ensure long term efficiency of network. Demonstrated ability to collaborate with cross-functional teams to achieve common goals. Passionate about staying on top of latest technological advancements to help improve organizational network systems.
Areas of Expertise
System Administration
Project Management
LAN & WAN Administration
Asset Management
Data Backup
Client Service
Process Optimization
Team Leadership
Documentation & Writing
Professional Experience
ComputerCare/Google, New York, NY 2014 – Present
Senior IT Technician
Oversee diagnosing, testing, and repairing of Mac/PC systems and mobile devices, adhering to vendor procedures. Generate weekly progress reports. Utilize NetSuite ticketing system to prepare service orders and sales orders. Set up Google approved demo operating system for testing. Maintain documentation of hardware and software changes. Carry out diagnosing and ordering of Apple parts aligned with GSX troubleshooting procedures. Update PC BIOS and Mac firmware. In charge of running Mac Resource Inspector (MRI) tests both before and after repairs. Use Google/ServiceNow asset management to update asset status. Ensure all repaired equipment is serialized and branded again. Facilitate cycle counts and perform audits as required.
●Directed technicians in reviewing and diagnosing customer devices to complete repair tickets using NetSuite and GSX.
●Facilitated timely closing of all service orders within deadlines established by Google.
●Coordinated closely with leaders to report on the value-measured KPI Quality control oversight, audit return units based on the repair quality, and plan and manage repair backlog.
●Saved costs and warranty parts for both companies by accurately diagnosing and repairing equipment during first time service.
●Partnered with organization-wide teams to meet business outcomes within the repair process.
●Assessed staffing needs and engaged in candidate review, interview, and hiring efforts for efficient workforce management.
ASI System Integration/New York City Department of Education, New York, NY 2012 – 2014
Sr. Field Technician (Support Services)
Performed configuration and rectification of all MS Office and MS Outlook related issues. Liaised with clients and senior management on product-related issues. Performed moves, adds, changes and installed PCs and Macs. Offered support to several vendor printers and performed repairs/break-fixes. Leveraged Symantec Ghost to deploy Windows images on NYC DOE authorized computers. Recited issues in areas of local area network, wireless access point, network printers, etc. Aided with migration of Windows Operating System to better all functionalities. Resolved problems pertaining to Windows and Mac operating systems. Provided relevant part numbers to dispatchers for ordering. Led efforts for creating user accounts, resetting passwords, and managing shared resources.
●Provided high levels of client service to ASI Clients by resolving users’ problem adhering to Service Level Agreement time frames.
●Reviewed warranty for damaged client equipment and provided repair costs for equipment not covered under Accidental Damage Protection (ADP).
●Escalated issues to higher authorities or vendors and managed ticket escalations from junior technicians.

Robert Half Technology, New York, NY 2011 – 2011 PC Technician
Presided over PC rollouts and migrations at client locations Assisted with de-installing and re-installing of desktop systems and peripherals at client sites and conducted hardware inventory. Performed new computer and hardware installations for customers including Verizon, Facebook, CompuCom, etc.
Manhattan Tech Support, New York, NY 2011 – 2011
MAC/Windows Field Technician
Engaged in problem resolution via phone calls for end-users. Perform on-site backups to high-capacity external drives. Utilized Secure LogmeIn and Join.me to provide remote desktop support.
●Developed and configured a server-based network in collaboration with senior IT engineers.
●Provided onsite technical support to clients
Additional Experience
IT Consultant (Field Services Support Specialist), PricewaterhouseCoopers, New York, NY
MAC/Windows Computer Support Specialist (Contract), African Refuge Inc., Staten Island, NY
IT Technician/Help Desk Support Analyst, Salala Rubber Cooperation, Liberia
IT Technician, Mercy Corps, Liberia
Education
Masters in management and systems (MASY) Fall 2022 to Spring 2024
New York University, New York, NY
Concentration: Systems Management

Bachelor of Technology in Computer Systems (BTech) Spring 2022
New York City College of Technology, City University of New York, Brooklyn, NY
Concentration: Networking and Security

Associate of Applied Science (AAS) May 2015
Borough of Manhattan Community College, City University of New York, New York, NY
Concentration: Computer Networking Technology
Professional Trainings
ACE Computer Training Center, New York, NY: LAN & WAN Administration. Microsoft Office Suite. Network
Security Using Checkpoint. Project management using Microsoft Project. PC Technician. Networking Concepts/TCPIP/sub-netting. Microsoft Windows Server & Windows Client OS. Microsoft Windows Server Network Infrastructure, Active Directory & Security. Inter Network Devices configuration. Building Scalable Routed & Switched Networks. Building & Troubleshooting Inter-Networks
Chale Vocational Institute, Monrovia Liberia West Africa: Computer Repair and Networking (CompTIA+, Network+
and Microsoft Windows/Office Suite
International Rescue Committee (IRS) Vocational Training Center N’Zerekore Republic of Guinea, West Africa:
Computer Literacy and Secretarial Science
Certifications
Apple: ACMT, OS X Support Essentials, Mac Integration Basics Guide, Apple Certified Support Professional (ACSP), iOS Qualification Exam, MacBook Pro & Air (Retina: 2009 to 2021) Touch bar/non-Touch bar, Mid 2012, Early & Mid 2015, iMac (Late 2012, Mac Pro (Late 2012), iOS Qualification CompTIA: A+, Security+, Network +
Contact this candidate