Michael A. Espindola
Enterprise-level IT Healthcare Professional Customer-Centric Solutions

Racine, WI
305-***-**** (C) adw3xb@r.postjobfree.com

Professional Profile
Proven working IT Solutions Professional with tactical organizational and leadership skills to help a technology teams within the healthcare organization become Customer Centric, goal oriented, and success driven.

Areas of focus
Enterprise level IT Healthcare Solutions Executive.
Strategic Interdepartmental Leveraging Expert.
Tactical Cost Savings Solutions Facilitator.
Healthcare Informatics Modeling and Audit Professional.
Meaningful Use Attestation and Deficiency Remediation.
Development and support of homegrown proprietary applications

Work Experience

Ascension Racine, WI 53402 02.22 – Present
IT Medical Records Associate
Receive medical records (documents) from Ascension clinics
Review medical records for appropriate identifiers
Review for completeness of records
Communicate with physicians and providers is information is missing
Index prepared documents into EPIC

Accomplishment of note:
Developed online database with documentation for specific documents and how they should be handled by the team.
Developed online database within a SOP with best practices.
Began training of new team member.

Podomedik Clinics, LLC Gurnee, IL 60031 05.14 – 02.22
Clinic IT Operations Director
Responsible for 8 direct reports 4 office staff, 2 physicians, 2 Nurses (RN’s).
Budgeting and grant submissions.
Facilitated discussions to develop project scope and plan for business requirements as well as functional requirements (ie x-ray access by physicians/easy quick upload of images)
Developed operational impact and business workflow modifications.
Developed documentation and training program for team (office staff and physicians) for every aspect of clinic operations.
Created key performance indicator metrics for SLA requirements.
Managed 8 (5 in house, 3 international remote) professionals supporting enterprise level client/cloud infrastructure (EHR).
Spearheaded Meaningful Use compliance and government reporting via EHR system (Drchrono, EPIC).
Developed methodology, procedures, and best practices for converting paper documents into digital files
Developed acquisition protocols for the purchase of new medical equipment and instruments.
Developed best practices for the sterilization of surgical equipment.
Documented and trained responsible team members on the use of sterilization equipment.
Developed online schedule database for maintenance of autoclaves, equipment, and instruments.
Developed training program for completing self-audits and government mandated audits.

Accomplishment of note:
Qualified Podomedik for over $1.3MM in Meaningful Use incentives (on-going) using agile project management methodology.
Automated clinical operations into paperless efficiencies.
Integrated EHR system into web based self-scheduling system using Drchrono.
Developed integration methodology for EHR synch between Drchrono and EPIC.

Wells Fargo & Co. Menomonee Falls, WI 53172 04.07 – 05.14
IT Operations Business Analyst
Department manager accountable for all areas of Service Desk & Operations responsibilities which include but not limited to:
Providing departmental leadership in monitoring a tiered multi-platform environment (PRD, BCP, SIT, DEV, UAT)
Manage implementation of alarms and coordinate triage resolutions using JIRA workflow management tool via documented business requirements and documentation of functional requirements.
Ensure integrity of SLA reporting commitments.
Coordinate and facilitate conference bridge lines and serve as the primary contact point for all support groups to ensure timely resolution and service restoration.
Responsible for Content Management on PRD and BCP servers.
Analyze workflow and procedures via trend and metric analysis in order to recommend and implement changes to the production environment.
Accountable for all aspects of SOP documentation as well as SOX compliance documentation.
Provide departmental leadership in triaging and resolving application issues/outages and working with developers.
Partnered with business steak holders and interdisciplinary teams to deploy PRD fixes.
Serve as a mentor to team members for day to day issues and challenges. Responds for all aspects of on-boarding code deploys including documentation, training, validating, and maintenance.

Accomplishment of note:
Developed departments first pure online living SOP with required documentation/training.
Saved department over $1.5 million in hardware costs and in-house training programs.
Special assignments using agile content monitoring in order to roll-out and support on-going development of home grown applications in multiple environments (UAT/BCP/PRD)

Robert Half (Client: Bucyrus International) South Milwaukee, WI 53172 01.05 – 08.06
Global IT Support Helpdesk Manager
Responsible for 4 direct reports
Development of a formalized IT Support department.
Met with business stake holders in order to develop/ document business requirements and functionality requirements to developed strategy for a formalized IT Support Department
Manage Global IT Support and partner with Security Team.
IT Support for over 150 applications (home grown/canned).
Managed communication and support for remote global sites.
Manage Support for proprietary systems / Applications.
Developed narratives and controls for governmental SOX compliance.
Responsible for SOX self-audit reviews and resolving deficiencies.
Developed/deployed home grown incident tracking system using MATRIX.
Trainer for Magic Incident Tracking projects.
Developed strategy for training new helpdesk associates for Global VPN connectivity Support Specialist.
Accomplishment of note:
Developed on-site training program for documentation for new IT Support personnel realizing over $100,000 in consulting fees and training.
Developed Helpdesk Manual strategy in-house for JD Global Helpdesk analysts realizing a $365,000 savings.

Projects:

Education:
Hodges University Naples, FL
Master’s in Public Health – Applied Health Sciences, GPA 3.76, Honors: Cum Laude

Cardinal Stritch University Milwaukee, WI
BS/ MIT (Management of Informational Technology), GPA 3.96, Honors: Summa Cum Laude

Walden University Online
Doctoral Work – Hospital Services – Current Student

Professional Development:
Loyola University Chicago, IL
Executive Development & Diversity

Languages:
Fluent in both verbal and written English and Spanish.

Hobbies:
Cycling, Sailing, Rescue Animals, Teaching.

Volunteer Programs:
3rd Street Silent Auction, Meals on Wheels, and the USO.
Contact this candidate