Malar Pandian Senior Application Developer
917-***-**** (mobile) adwdqj@r.postjobfree.com Livingston, NJ

Have more than 11 years of IT experience in project management, application development, maintenance, and support of Mainframe technology projects. Have knowledge in various domains like Banking and Financial Services, Retail, and Healthcare. Adept at troubleshooting and ensuring quality control at every stage of the management process. Able to function independently or as part of a team.

Summary

Customer interaction, Estimation, Quality improvement, Identifying applicable processes/compliances, people management, and Risk management.
Have proven ability to handle management and clients and achieve the goal targeted .
Ability to deliver projects in less time without losing efficiency .
Excellent communication abilities, both written and verbal.
Conducted business workshops and meetings involving various leads from Business, Quality Assurance, and technical teams.
Thorough Understanding of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC), involved in various phases like Requirements, Analysis/Design, Development, and Testing
Acted as liaison between the Business team and development team for Requirements and Quality Assurance
Proactive in providing various value add/suggestions to the Product team/Business on various projects in Clearing Operations with a working model.

TECHNICAL SKILLS

FUNCTIONAL
TECHNOLOGY
SDLC life cycle methodologies.
Project Management skills – Initiation, Definition, Execution, and Control.
Requirements gathering and business system analysis.
Software testing life cycle methodologies.
Effective communication and interpersonal skills.
Onsite coordination and Resource Management.

Languages - COBOL, JCL, CICS.
Databases – DB2, VSAM.
Operating systems – Z/OS, Windows
Tools – TSO/ISPF, Endevor, Expeditor, File Manager, Trace Master, SPUFI, SQL, Autosys.
Knowledge in ILE,Stored procedures
EMPLOYMENT HISTORY:
Name of the Company
Designation
Duration
Envision Technology, Jersey City, NJ
Developer
May 2022 – Nov 2022
Defisolutions, Remote
IT Support Specialist
Oct 2020- April 2022
Fidelity Investments, Durham, NC
Developer
Aug 2013 - Oct 2013
Highmark Inc, Pittsburgh PA
Developer
Aug 2012 - May 2013
Cognizant Technology Solutions, Chennai
Senior Technical Lead
Aug 2003 – June 2012
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Envision Technology Solutions Inc / Bank of New York Mellon
Mainframe Developer
Jersey City, NJ May 2022 – Nov 2022

Project Summary: -
Global Clearance is the re-engineered clearance process that utilizes Database technology. It interfaces with Depository Trust and clearing corporation DTCC in processing all types of securities movements and Financing Transactions. The Primary feature of this system are Institutional deliveries, Open item instruction matching, and settlement, Stock borrows(needed for deliveries), Monitor Affirmations and reclaims, RAD Processing maintains Customer segregated positions, deficit/excess and stock record analysis, regulatory reporting, Balancing and reconciliation, Book Keeping for all the settlements made in the system. COBOL, DB2, CICS, JCL, are the technologies involved in this project.

Worked closely with functional and technical project leads, subject matter experts and other business groups to identify, and analyze business requirements.
Prepared Technical Design Documents as per business requirements.
Performed impact analysis of the system to identify code changes
Developed Cobol, DB2, and CICS modules in the core transaction processing system.
Enhanced the jobs to accommodate the Changes using JCL
Provided root cause analysis of defects identified and resolution of it in system testing phase
Successfully released modules into production and provided fixes for abends/defects as part of post-production warranty support.


Defi Solutions
IT Support Specialist
Remote October 2020 – April 2022

Project Summary: -
defi SOLUTIONS partners with captives, banks, credit unions, and finance companies of all types and sizes to allow lenders to focus and transform their operations. The company’s comprehensive suite of originations, servicing, and analytics solutions together with technology-enabled processing services creates a flexible, configurable, and scalable platform that addresses lenders and borrowers ever-evolving needs. As a IT Support Specialist, I am responsible for all operational aspects of production and non-production systems across multiple data centers. This includes job scheduling, alerting/monitoring, file transmissions, capacity reporting, and management of incidents and SLAs. COBOL, DB2, CICS, JCL, are the technologies involved in this project.

•Independently, completes Operations tasks, provides technical support, and facilitates completion of Batch, File Transmissions, Environment reloads, and Ops system Availability.
•Communicate and coordinate with internal team members such as Development, QA, BA, and PM related to Lower Environment Status and Project requirements.
•Ensures Production Environment SLAs are met. Monitors all Production Environment Availability and Troubleshoots issues as required and escalates as necessary.
•Monitors and tracks automated batch processing and file transfers. Creates and maintains documentation. Troubleshoots and corrects problems with existing automation and procedures.


Fidelity Investments / Infotek Lightning minds
Application Developer
Durham, NC August 2013 – October 2013

Project Summary: -
The Stock Plan Services Implementation Group works with external clients to convert their Stock Option, Stock
Purchase and Restricted Stock Plans to Fidelity for administration. PWI Systems / Stock Plan Services group within the Data Conversion and Implementation Group provides data transformation, validation and loads to production for client implementations. We work closely with our Data Conversion Management team as well as our Implementation Management team to provide accurate, easy-to-understand results from the testing of client conversion data. COBOL, DB2, CICS, JCL, are the technologies involved in this project.

•Conversion of client data from a number of different provider sources to a standard implementation format
•Testing of implementation jobs as well as accurate interpretation of results to be provided to our external Fidelity clients to correct errors
•Participation in application migrations/installation
•Interaction with other Fidelity systems organizations to support testing implementation activities
•Contribution to project tracking
•Worked effectively with team members to enhance our implementation processes

Highmark Inc / CIBER
Senior Application Developer
Pittsburgh, PA August 2012 – May 2013

Project Summary: - Highmark Inc consists of a suite of applications which supports Membership Systems. IBC Batch outbound is the one of biggest engagement for Membership Systems. The Vendor Outbound Process handles future IBC(Integrated Blue Cross) Core migrated members from the Highmark's Membership System and sending the file for membership processing purposes. IBC Vendor Outbound project involves Working with business analysts and various vendors to receive and transmit business files using the most efficient measures for each individual vendor's needs. Project activities include Requirements gathering, System Analysis, Detailed Design, Development, Preparation of Unit Test plans and Test cases, Unit Testing,, Support to User Acceptance and Implementation, Verification of Results, Log observations, sign-off for code promotion to production. COBOL, DB2, CICS, JCL, are the technologies involved in this project.

Preparing the Technical specification document based on Use Cases.
Development of the code.
Preparing the Test Plan, Test Data and the Implementation.
Document all the jobs, procs and programs for production support team for future reference.
Running Batch cycles in the test Environments and fixing the abends during the batch cycle.
Root Cause analysis for test and production issues before going for a CR.
Actively involved in design walkthroughs and code reviews.

WellPoint Financial AVM / Cognizant Technology Solutions
Onsite Lead May 2010 – August 2012
Cincinnati, OH

Project Summary: - WellPoint Financial AVM consists of a suite of applications which are called Corporate Applications. ESI post Migration in Finance is the one of biggest engagement For Corporate Applications. ESI Post Migration in Financial System caters enhancements/solutions for claims processing needs of different systems in WellPoint Inc. Processing of weekly and Monthly claims, Sending journal details to PeopleSoft and cross reference details to Data warehousing are different requests for which Finance system is designed. This application serves different line of businesses with end receivers as subscribers, Financial Institutions, Professional providers and Brokers through Banks. ESI Post Migration project involves System Analysis, Development, Production support, Maintenance, Performance Tuning and testing related services. Project activities include Requirements gathering, Root cause Analysis, Arriving at estimates, Detailed Design, Preparation of Unit Test plans and Test cases, Code Construction, Unit Testing, Onsite Testing, Support to User Acceptance and Implementation, Verification of Results, Log observations, sign-off for code promotion to production. COBOL, DB2, CICS, JCL, are the technologies involved in this project.

Lead an offshore team for successful delivery of ESI Post Migration for Finance systems project.
Acted as liaison between Client’s Business partners and subject matter experts to collect the requirements.
Involved in creating Design and Estimate Functional specifications that are proposed for enhancement to applications for requirements gathered..
Conducted in weekly status meetings to monitor project status. Also provided suggestion to improve the system and reengineer the process to improve the efficiency of the way in which Business is conducted.
Actively involved in design walkthroughs and code reviews.
Did analysis on core, Business critical systems, and processes and suggest for efficient implementation of projects.
Developed new tools which will help streamlining of the processes/system used by the client

Radioshack New Store Point of Sales / Cognizant Technology Solutions
Technical Lead December 2008-May 2010
Chennai, Tamilnadu, India

Project Summary: RadioShack Technology Services RSTS is a division of RadioShack Corporation. RSTS has selected Fujitsu’s global store, Storecenter and Return center software to automate RadioShack’s Point-of-sale operations and create centralized store management and returns management system. Interfaces to this new POS system need to be developed to access POS data in other systems like Data warehouse, RMS and Mainframe Applications. A new Project will be set up to identify the existing interfaces between the mainframe-POS and RMS-POS and analyze any changes needed to these interfaces as well as develop new interfaces. This Project will cover the analysis subsequent Design, Development and testing of these modified interfaces to Fijitsu POS system. Cognizant is emulating the architecture for the existing legacy system and tailoring it for RadioShack specific business requirements. The enhancements range from small, to large, which involve analysis, design, coding and testing. COBOL, IDMS, DB2, MQ series, CICS, VSAM, JCL, REXX are the technologies involved in this project.

Responsible for attending requirements gathering meeting, assimilating the business requirements and breaking them into functional components, which is then mapped to related application software.
Responsible for creating detailed functional specifications and coordinating with Offsite development teams to come up with scalable design specifications.
Coordinated with offsite team members to deliver components at scheduled dates.
Acquired specialized knowledge in the current application and business domain and helped in providing alternative solutions to system problems.
Used advanced testing proprietary tools to ensure better performance and efficiency of the deliverables.
Attended periodic status calls and acted as a single point of contact for client managers.
Served as a contact for implementation and postproduction support activities.
Also responsible to senior Cognizant management for Billing and resource management activities.

BNY Mellon – Performance and Risk Analytics / Cognizant Technology Solutions
Technical Lead May 2006 - November 2008
Boston, MA

Project Summary: BNYMellon is a leading global provider of performance measurement, analytics and attribution services to fund sponsors, investment managers and consultants, who offer depth and quality of investment information accessed via the internet, desktop services and reports. They offer a full range of products and services designed to add value to the investment processes of our clients as they seek to enhance returns and manage risk which includes Performance Measurement, Performance Attribution, Risk and Analytics, Peer Groups and Reporting products. The project includes the support of new/existing applications, development, maintenance, and enhancements collectively called P & R A Production support. Development and enhancement work includes the creation of new modules that satisfy the needs of various BNY Mellon clients. It also includes monitoring, fixing defects in the existing reporting applications, and providing extended support for BNY Mellon clients and internal users of these applications worldwide.

Handled large number of enhancements independently right from the stage of writing the technical specifications to testing and implementation.
Responsible for co-coordinating with onsite representatives for providing solutions to issues and requests from the client.
Involved in bug fixing as part of production support.
Responsible for system analysis, design, construction, and testing of various programs present in different sub-applications like pricing, trade posting, client reporting etc.,
Lead the production support team successfully and actively involved in resolving issues and providing clarifications to clients on their queries.
Coordinated between offshore and onsite teams to develop scalable design specifications.
Responsible for ensuring on-time delivery of components.

BNY Mellon ShareOwner Services – Stock Transfer / Cognizant Technology Solutions
Developer August 2003–April 2006
Chennai, Tamil Nādu, India

Project Summary: BNY Mellon ShareOwner Services – Stock Transfer Project aims at supporting the various financial services required by the transfer agent. The services supported include Record Keeping Services, Proxy Solicitation, Cash dividend Services,, Stock Dividend Services, Corporate Actions, Dividend re-investment, Direct Registration, Dividend Reinvestment Direct, Issuance, Restricted Stock Plans, Employee Owned Shares, Hypothecation and Cost Basis Tracking.

Involved in coordination activities between onsite and offshore, attending onsite status calls and prioritizing & tracking activities to meet commitments and schedules.
Responsible for guiding the team and providing technical assistance to the new team members.
Responsible for test case preparation, coding development and delivering final work products to onsite for acceptance.
Handle complex enhancements independently right from the stage of writing the technical specifications to testing and implementation.
Involved in preparation of project plans, project tracking and taking corrective action if there is any deviation from the original measure.
Contact this candidate