Douglas (Todd) Roberts Downs, IL *****
Phone: 309-***-****
email Address: adwgx3@r.postjobfree.com

Summary
A Sr. Level Desktop and Laptop Support professional with over 20 years of experience supporting Windows NT through Windows 10. Managed 1 Support Engineer candidate.

Highlights:
Strong experience in setting up networks, desktops, laptops in a Windows environment.
Have been in a Corporate environment for most of my employment working with on prem as well as hosted/cloud Data Center experience.
SCCM, Pixie, Azure, Intune, Service desk, Microsoft Endpoint
Experience in supporting all hardware and software issues in a Windows environment.
Designed and built entire network for Radio Bloomington including cabling, desktop setups, servers, and network connectivity.
Installed and supported all servers, switches, and network connectivity issues within a Windows 7/8/10 environment.
Experience in providing support to all networking devices and standalone systems including Routers, network printers, Audio streamers and multifunctional devices.
Provided excellent end user support for all IT and Telephony issues
Satellite programming and set up. Netques and Closures from different providers of automation. Learfield,Premier and Westwood One
Rack buildouts and upgrades including all cabling and management, Routers and Switches
Wireless controllers. UPS management cards

Technical Skills

Systems:
Windows NT/XP/7/8/10. Window Server 2013/2013
Applications:
Office 365, Symantec Endpoint
Networking:
TCP/IP, LAN, WAN, Active Directory (AD), Cisco, Pixie, SCCM
Hardware:
Rack buildout and upgrades. APC UPS Management cards
Cisco Routers (Basic setup),Wireless Controllers, Switches, CAT 5/6, Network Printers/MFDs Motherboards, Network Cards, Graphic Cards, IDF and MDF setups
Telephony:
Avaya VoiP, Cisco, Analog / Punch blocks
Cloud Services:
Office 365, One Drive, Google Docs, Drop Box, iCloud
Devices and Brands:
Dell, HP,Acer,Ricoh, Logitech, Netgear,Cisco,Lynksys,Apple,Microsoft
Ubiquiti

Professional Experience

Heritage Operations July 6th 2021 to Present
IT Support Specialist
Site installer / Upgrader. Coordinate with Admins on site and work with until project completion. Including Routing/Switches/APs/UPS/Wifi Controllers
SCCM, Pixie Boot images
Site UPS monitor in charge of changing all units, batteries and configurations of UPS units
Provided support via hands-on, phone and remote dial in for all hardware and software issues in a Windows 10 and Office 365 environment within an Cloud environment
Provided support for all hardware issues including but not limited to new line drops switches, motherboards, hard drives of desktops and laptops
Responsible for a company issued Cell iPhones over 250 devices and Endpoint accounts
Provided Office 365 Licensing and 2 form Authenticator setups of credentials
Radio Bloomington January 2018 to August 2020
IT Support Consultant/IT Support Manager
Hands on IT Support Manager of all systems and servers for the company
Provided support via hands-on, phone and remote dial in for all hardware and software issues in a Windows 10 and Office 365 environment within an Cloud environment
Provided support for all hardware issues including but not limited to new line drops switches, motherboards, hard drives of desktops and laptops
Responsible for all software updates/upgrades as well as providing support for all Windows applications as well as proprietary applications
Provided Office 365 Licensing and 2 form Authenticator setups of credentials
Responsible for adding and removing all clients in Active Directory
Setup, configured and troubleshot all desktops and laptops
Technologies: Windows 7/8/10, Office 365, Active Directory, MS Server 2010/2013, Routers, Switches, Audio Streaming Servers

Carousel Industries March 2017 to December 2017
IT Support Consultant
Provided remote level 3 convergence support for all applications and telephony equipment
Was the Avaya IP Office Phone systems Administrator for the company
Worked on a team of 6 for top level support for top tier businesses for adult living facilities, Hospitals, schools, police departments, lawyers offices for full phone system support
Technologies: Avaya VoiP, Windows
Server,VoIP

Radio Bloomington August 1998 to December 2017
1.IT Support Consultant/IT Support Manager
Maintained, troubleshot, repaired, and upgraded all technology systems within a 24/7 on call environment
Responsible for developing and building the current network infrastructure including Windows Servers 2010 and Windows 2013
Responsible for adding and removing all clients in Active Directory
Provided Office 365 Licensing and 2 form Authenticator setups
Setup for all Microsoft Exchange clients
All system upgrades including operating systems thru Windows 10, Hardware upgrades to all devices,desktops,laptops and servers.
Trouble shoot all network issues, routers switching and ups units.
Setup for main office multifunction –Fax,Scanner,Printers and share out with user rights on Server.
Three Lans per Building included – business,on-air and guest networks one bridge from business to on-air
DHCP services thru Microsoft on Windows 2003 server.
Maintained and troubleshot all of company’s automation software and networks
Maintained and troubleshot 3 locations for all Business Networks, responsible for all back ups and upgrades of desktops, laptops, and servers
Responsible for all Network Cabling and setup
Responsible for all servers, switches, and network connectivity
Maintain/ troubleshoot all Workstations responsible for all repairs and upgrades
Notify providers of any issues for audio networking software and business specialty systems – file reports and paperwork.
Responsible for 3 locations IT budget.
Responsible for phone add, moves and changes, jack changes, add and removing voice mail users on IWATSU system.
Technologies: Windows 7/8/10, Office 365, Active Directory, MS Server 2010/2013,
Responsible for all system Audits

Education
Tri-Valley High School
American College of Technology – AutoCad/Computer Technology Certifications

References
Dan Westhoff – Operations Manager 309-***-**** Radio Bloomington
Tim Watson – IT Diirector 309-***-**** - Heritage
Chris Goodwin – IT Supervisor 309-***-**** Heritage
Contact this candidate