Tracey McTague / San Francisco / 415-***-**** / adwr8m@r.postjobfree.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
Planning, estimating, scheduling, production, staffing, contracts, projects, safety, and evaluating business performance in the U.S. and internationally, Leadership, analytical thinking, and strong organizational and communication skills.

CORE COMPETENCIES AND ACHIEVEMENTS
Liaison between Board of Directors and its funding F500 company, representing shared interests of both parties, Acted as face of the organization for services to 120,000 employees and their families, Emergency and crisis management planning for Hurricane, Pandemic and Earthquake in high-risk cities. Harvard trained in crisis communications, stakeholder management, gap analysis.
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
2015-2017 / QHSE, IT & Facilities Manager, Software Technology Innovation Center (STIC), SLB / Menlo Park
Sand Hill Road startup & operations for software technology innovation center, Established site procedures, brought up network, Business continuity & emergency plans, fitted for 40 employees, onboarded 17 interns, Deployed TeamSpace, Technical Editor for IoT, HPC, UX, AI, Cloud & Big Data teams. Expanded staff from ten employees to 40 plus 17 interns. Participated in selecting startup companies for venture capital investment with Andreessen Horowitz & Sequoia Capital.
Key metrics:
• Client for 10M seismic retrofit and construction renovation project
• 15,432 square foot facility
• 9th employee to STIC
• 17 interns - first day activity Shake Out drill
• 2 satellite phones deployed to GeothermEX for catastrophic earthquake

2013-2015 / Health, Safety & Environment Manager, SLB Kabushiki Kaisha (SKK), Tokyo
Health, safety & Environment manager, 600 employees in equipment design, manufacturing & services center, 200k Reception renovation construction project, Managed team of nine, Audits, inspections, drills, activity supervision, safety reporting, Created typhoon plan & used it twice, Formed pressure and electrical safety subject matter expert groups. Manager of training & certification team.
Key Metrics:
• 6.67 million man-hours without a loss time injury
• 600-employee earthquake drill
• 1 evacuation route modification
• 200 pressure systems identified for safety improvements following expanded audits/inspections
• 1 round table session with women workers, Beijing
• 1 Libyan national returned home safely in an operation to Tripoli, Libya, during the Civil War

2008 and 2012 / HSE for Youth Program Coordinator, SLB / Mumbai
Ran a project to manage the startup, and later, the expansion of a youth health and safety program,
piloted in Mumbai, India, to educate children of company employees and local children in communities
where the company does business. Topics included injury prevention, personal security, road safety, malaria,
HIV/AIDS, water sanitation and climate change, led the development, administration, and management
through a period of significant growth and opportunity by expanding the program internationally within company
health and safety management teams.
Key metrics:
• 9 children joined a one-week pilot course in Mumbai
• 40,000 young people have since taken the Risk Ring training in concepts of hazard and risk
• Localized to dozens of countries

1998-2013 Expat Spouses Association (SSA) Program Manager, Global / SLB
Supported a network of 5,000 volunteers in 93 cities and 50 countries and managed their tech services.

SSA assists families of expatriate employees adjust to their new country, advising them on everything from healthcare, safety, communications, schools, daily living, and emergency response.

Designed a Content Management System with the board, managed Content Editors, Ran data analytics for reporting & action, Ran data migration projects and data privacy projects (International SOS). Created a health and safety program for the group and established trained coordinators in 12 countries: Helpdesk management with staff in Houston, Bogota, Dubai, Jakarta, London, and Paris. Organized biennial board meetings on six continents. Established financial tracking for the all-volunteer organization, Data analytics in HSE management system, identifying unmanaged gap of 2,400 incidents a year, Designed program to promote health and safety awareness for international transfers (Society for Petroleum Engineers award).
Key successes:
• Aligned SSA organization geographically with the business, creating communication channels with
Human Resources, HSE and Tech functions
• Promoted SSA as a stakeholder and partner with company managers
• Developed a health, safety, and security training program for the organization
• 6M demonstrated program ROI year-on-year
• Created HSE Coordinator role in the organization

Health and Safety Coordinators in SSA Chapters in 2011:
Abu Dhabi AE
Accra GH
Beijing CN

Bucharest RO
Ciudad del Carmen MX
Houston US
Kuala Lumpur MY
Kuwait City KW
Lima PE
Pointe Noire CG

AWARDS
Design for Safety, for Drill Manufacturing Production Cart - SLB 2015, with Tokyo mechanical engineering team

Innovation in Health / for HSE for Youth
SPE/APPEA International Conference on Health, Safety & Environment in Oil & Gas Exploration and Production
Perth, Australia 2012

Knowledge Sharing in Safety / for SPE-111928, Health and Safety for Families Youth and Community
Society for Petroleum Engineers - Nice, France 2008

Performed by Schlumberger / for SpouseConnect
Social networking platform for spouses/partners of company employees - Houston, Texas 2001

RECENT COMMUNITY PROJECTS

PUBLIC HEALTH
Mask My Hood 2020-2022
Hyper-local free mask project in SoMa with satellites in San Diego and Kolkata. Distributed 2,500 free masks around West SoMa in 2021, helping to reduce new Covid-19 case rates in the neighborhood. IG @maskmyhood

ASYLUM APPLICATION SUPPORT 2017 / present
Editing for legal audience
Forensic psychosocial evaluations for immigration matters. Working with a Ukrainian Evaluator, edit psychosocial evaluations for English readability. Cases from Ukraine, Russia, Congo, Cameroon, India, Sri Lanka, Pakistan, Armenia, Tajikistan, Israel, and Mexico.

EARTHQUAKE SAFETY, JAKARTA
Oxford Symposium, Universitas Indonesia 2018
Invited speaker. Performed a field trek across the city to document earthquake hazards.

RIDESHARE DRIVING SAFETY 2017-2018
Rideshare Safe (founder)
Designed a driving safety program for rideshare drivers (submitted to Uber Girlboss competition). Created a team of five, including driving safety experts, an accountant, a software developer, and an educator for content development. Software grant from Ushahidi.
Twitter @rideshare_safe Map: https://ridesharecrash.ushahidi.io/views/map

FIRE DISASTER EVACUEEE SUPPORT
Santa Rosa Junior College 2017
Spearheaded effort to donate over 100 laptops and phones to student survivors of the Tubbs wildfire who lost their homes. Connected with a sustainable tech company and Santa Rosa Junior College administrators

WHITE PAPERS and SPEAKING
Issues and Challenges Surrounding Evacuation of Employees and Families at Times of Trouble. SPE-157454-PP
Coauthor and presenter, SPE/APPEA International Conference on Health, Safety, and Environment in Oil and Gas Exploration and Production September 2012 - Perth, Australia.
As of 11/11/22 this paper had just under 700 reads on Research Gate since the start of the Ukraine War. Find my papers and evacuation presentation on https://www.researchgate.net/profile/Tracey-Mctague-2.

Critical Decision-makers, Workers and Families: Evacuation Stories from the Oil and Gas Industry. Unpublished, 2009. Interviews with oil industry managers and evacuees from political and weather-related evacuation events: Six Day War, Tripoli 1967, Iranian Revolution, Tehran, and Ahwaz 1978, MEND, Port Harcourt 2007, Hurricane Katrina, New Orleans 2005, Hurricane Rita, Houston 2005, and the Villahermosa flood 2007.

Health and Safety for Families Youth and Community. SPE 111928. Coauthor and presenter, Ninth SPE International Conference on Health, Safety, and Environment in Oil and Gas Exploration and Production April 2008 - Nice, France.

In Your Hands: Health Safety and Science Day for Ras Gharib Families. Sharing health and safety lessons with Azza Abdel Aziz, Cairo, Egypt, April 2008.

A Global, Consistent Approach to Health and Safety for Corporate Expats. Relocation Today, April 2005.

Schlumberger Spouses Association: A Unique Global Community. SPE 86782. Co-author and presenter, Seventh SPE International Conference on Health, Safety, and Environment in Oil and Gas Exploration and Production March 2004 - Calgary, Alberta, Canada.

Cover book review for A Moveable Marriage. Robin Pascoe, 2003.

Interview for Best Practices in Dual Career Management Expatrium, Mary van der Boon, 2002.

EDUCATION
Northern Arizona University, currently – Liberal Arts, remote
AA, Pima Community College 2013, High Honors
90 credits toward Anthropology and Political Science BA, University of Arizona, 1992-1998
United Nations Semester, National Collegiate Honors Council, Long Island University, Brooklyn 1991, Dean’s List

CERTIFICATIONS
OSHA: 30-Hour OSHA Hazard Recognition Training for the Construction Industry, American Safety Council, Inc, Remote 2019 OEC-7057860
Project management: ITIL v.3 Foundation certificate, Gatwick 2006
PRINCE2 Projects in Controlled Environments Foundation, Houston 2008
Lean manufacturing: Six Sigma, Yellow Belt, Yokohama, 2013
Audit & inspection: Level 3 Lead Auditor, SLB, Tokyo 2014
Certified Internal Auditor (CIA), SLB, Tokyo, 2015 for ISO 14001 audit
Communications: Crisis Leadership Management and Communications, National Preparedness Leadership Initiative, Harvard University, Cohort X – Beijing, 2014

EARLIER WORK EXPERIENCE
Lab Manager / University of Arizona, College of Business and Public Administration, Tucson AZ
Managed graduate computer lab for the Eller College, Center for Entrepreneurship, supervising 25 graduate student lab monitors. Worked with university IT team to wire and network the lab. Previously worked in multiple campus labs as a support tech.

Computer Specialist / US Army Corps of Engineers, Cold Regions Research and Engineering Laboratory (CRREL), Hanover, NH
IT support, software installation and training for military clients including Remote Sensing Geological Information Services Center (RSGISC), Smart Weapons Operability Enhancement. Member of crisis response team during the center's cold region engineering activities for the Bosnian War.
Contact this candidate