Donald Bivens
Columbus, OH *****

614-***-****
adwsym@r.postjobfree.com
linkedin.com/in/donald-bivens-94170a19a

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Skilled Systems Technician with a broad base of experience in technical support and operations. Fast worker, able to solve problems quickly while delivering elevated levels of customer satisfaction. Exceptional knowledge of corporate procedures and policies. Experience with installing and configuring a variety of hardware and software applications. Possesses exceptional organizational skills, ability to perform under pressure, and attention to detail. 15+ years of proven ability to be a corporate steward interacting and collaborating with multiple levels of management and diverse cultural audiences. Possesses extensive knowledge in Tiered Support, MS Operating Systems, queue management and customer escalation. Strong customer service skills, friendly, and dependable.

Network Infrastructure
Active Directory \ Azure
Network Management
Project Management
Client Troubleshooting
Hardware / Software Troubleshooting
Hardware / Software Configuration
Cloud Computing
System Backup & Recovery
VPN Support
ASG - Zena Workstation
Passport - Mainframe
DCHP – DNS
Cisco Finesse / IP Communicator
(MDM) -IOS and Android Support

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

7/2022 – Present
Franklin County Municipal Court – IT Support Specialist - Contract

Installs and configures new computer hardware and software, including but not limited to desktop computers, peripheral hardware, laptops, VOIP phones and printers. Analyzed system requirements to efficiently isolate and resolve a wide array of technical issues including LAN cabling, system security and virus protection. Participated in large-scale upgrades, imaging, installations, while monitoring support for employee onboarding and offboarding. Document helpdesk tickets/resolution, accurately communicate and document issues that require escalation. While maintaining equipment inventory list. Work with external vendors to troubleshoot and repair equipment covered under maintenance contracts.

12/2021 – 6/2022
Huntington National Bank – Computer Operations Sr – Contract

Monitors IBM z/OS environment and Enterprise Schedulers Documents and communicates issues that occur. Performs requested production modifications to the schedules. Utilizes processes and procedures documented in SharePoint, ServiceNow, and job documents, perform restarts and scheduling modifications utilizing job documents and other relative system documents. Notifies and escalates to the appropriate support for incident resolution. Ensures all issues reported to computer operations are recorded in the incident reporting log for review. Works with Application / Program managers to resolve complex issues within the failed process. Provides first line support for Mainframe and Batch Schedulers, and off host systems which include troubleshooting, monitoring, and reporting issues.

3/2021 - 7/2021
Nationwide – Infrastructure and Operations Specialist - Contract

Managed support for all end user computing hardware, software, and networking equipment, also mobile devices, monitored and maintained virtual servers, and applied OS updates as needed. Maintained support for company-owned devices and company-developed applications. Provided support to all divisions with computer applications including Skype, MS Office 365, Cisco, Webex, and Microsoft Teams and hardware issues. Performs installation and monitoring support for employee onboarding and offboarding (e.g., reimages workstations, provides Outlook profile troubleshooting for email accounts Troubleshooting network connections to Printers as well as the Internet (VPN). Providing remote support using Rescue Me, Citrix and updating user profiles in Active Directory \ Azure

9/2014 – 3/2021
Dish Network – Internet Support Tier 4

Internet Support Technician that provides multi-tiered support by helping customers effectively resolve technical issues remotely or onsite. Installs, maintains, configures, upgrades and or administers hardware and or software in assigned multiple technology domains, various network device configurations, and the setup of profiles in Active Directory. Uses mobile device management for company devices. Supports apple, android devices with connectivity as well application settings. Remains current on up-to-date technical changes, issues, and announcements. Uses diagnostic techniques to troubleshoot and resolve computer and systems problems, executes unit or system test scripts, develops, organizes, files, and maintains platform specific documentation, monitors and controls infrastructure performance and availability, monitors and triages tickets in personal queue of Help Desk portal (Service Now) Researches and recreates end-user problems to help with solving technical issues. Seeks out professional improvement by self-study and professional certifications.

CERTIFICATIONS

Google IT Support - 11/2020
Network Support from Per Scholas - 2/2021
CompTIA Network+ - 3/2021
CompTIA A+ - 3/2021
Contact this candidate