Tekani Philimon Ndau
*** **** ** ** ********** DC, 20019 240-***-**** adwygr@r.postjobfree.com
Voice/Data Comm. Engineer Senior — Department of Public Works
Serve as the first point of contact for customers seeking Telecom related technical assistance. Investigate, analyze, resolve, and track reported problems via email, and phone utilizing Service Now ticketing system. Provide operational support for onboarding and offboarding of employees. Utilize VMWare Workspace One unified endpoint management (UEM) technology tools to manage mobile device inventory along with enterprise App catalog that are distributed to devices. Provide support for Mobile Threat Management, and Mobile VPN, Pulse Secure, Zscaler client. Provide end user’s expertise with both iOS and Android operating systems. Responsible for all aspects of maintaining, configuring, and sustaining the Cisco Unified Communications environment including (VOIP, Video, IM, WebEx, Contact Center) Microsoft Exchange integration. Provide technical support to Amazon Connect contact center solution users for agency Contact Centers.

IT Support Consultant/ Communication Specialist - Washington Suburban Sanitary Commission
Provide technical expertise and assistance with mobile devices, PC’s, peripherals support, web and software applications, telecom networking issues.
Deliver technical support to Executive level end users to include installation, configuration, troubleshooting and maintenance of hardware and software.
Utilize IBM Maas360 and imaging tools to manage mobile device inventory along with enterprise App catalog that are distributed to devices.
Coordinate with mobile phone carriers, dissemination of equipment, and management of inventory throughout the life cycle.
Utilize remote tools to access user desktops. Triage, document, and resolve incidents utilizing Service Now ticketing system.

January 2018- Present

May 2016-January 2018
IT Support Specialist— Department of Parks and Recreation
Provide expertise as the agency technical subject matter expert for hardware and software support, 3rd party application support, agency databases, network/data support and telecommunications support for a multi-site environment (85+ sites). Coordinate agency Telecommunications services as the Agency Telecommunications Coordinator. Procure equipment, maintain databases, and disseminate IT assets including hardware (laptop, desktop) and mobile (tablets, phones). Responsible for all aspects of maintaining, configuring, and sustaining the Cisco Unified Communications environment (VOIP, Video, IM, WebEx,) Microsoft Exchange integration. Provide technical direction and engineering knowledge for communications activities including planning, designing, developing, testing, installing, and maintaining large communications networks. Ensure that adequate and appropriate planning is provided to direct building architects and planners in building communications spaces and media pathways meet industry standards.

August 2013-May2016
Government Technical Support — Verizon Wireless
July 2008-March 2013
Provide Federal, State, and local government agencies with detailed technical support on how to setup/configure data and voice cellular products. Demonstrate an in-depth knowledge of cellular network technology/application issues with Network and Enterprise IT Systems and Architecture, Mobile Device Managers, Blackberry Enterprise Server (BES), Active Directory, MS Exchange.
Tasked by management to serve as the Lead Tech on call/point of contact for less tenured coordinators and management.
Report daily statistics, trends, handle escalations, and coaching of peers regarding proper implementation of policy and procedure.

Technical Support Tier II— Comcast Corporation
September 2007- July 2008
Responsible for providing a high level of technical expertise adjusting language to match customer needs in a prompt and professional manner with Internet connectivity, and Digital voice service issues.
Provide operational support to external vendors or local market Field Technicians, operations support personnel, and other technical and business support groups.
Diagnose PC hardware, software, operating system and cable modem and cabling issues. Provide training and support to other employees on various applications, systems, and technologies. Demonstrate excellent knowledge of Windows and Macintosh operating systems, internet/IP, web browsers, email and other PC operating and connectivity technologies.

Education
Bowie State University — GPA 3.85
2001-2002
Pima Community College
Certifications
Comptia A+
Comptia Network+
Cisco CCENT
2010-2011
Contact this candidate