ABID SAYYED
Gudaibiya, Bahrain
adxt6u@r.postjobfree.com
+973********
DOB 08-07-1987
Objective An able, enthusiastic, skilled, and reliable IT Support Engineer with 11+ years of experience seeking a position that reﬂects my experience, skills, and personal attributes including dedication, meeting goals, creativity, and the ability to follow through. Experience Transworld IT - Bahrain
Sep 2022 - Till Date
Computer Specialist (Supreme Council for Environment (Site) Conﬁguring and managing Active Directory and Group Policy Objects conﬁguration, and deployment in enterprise setups.
Managing Active Directory users, groups, & polices. Hyper-V Virtual Machines Installation and Conﬁguration. Migration mailbox public folder user proﬁles
Troubleshoot/resolve escalated helpdesk issues related O365 Troubleshooting mail-ﬂow related issues
Managing Mailbox databases/ Backups/ Repair/ Recovery Qualys vulnerabilities weekly monitoring and solving issues Handling SCCM Endpoint protection console.
Managing designing and template for aws For Web server and application server as per IGA Adding inbound and outbound rules on security group as per developer request End users supports calls
Cortex antivirus monitoring
Veeam backup monitoring
Alzayani Investments B.S.C - Bahrain. October 2021 to Aug 2022 IT Support
Troubleshooting of hardware and software for PCs & Peripherals. preparing PC’s/Laptopsfor Fresh installation of OS and other applications. Joining workstations to Domain & Install and conﬁgure Network devices. Hardware peripherals upgrades and replacements.
Mailbox Migration & Upgrade of Microsoft Windows and Microsoft Oﬃce & Installation and maintenance of Eset Nod32 Endpoint antivirus.
Costa Coffee Outlets Project
Monitoring on IT inventory (Laptops, Desktops, Printers, PC name, IP Address, Soft Details etc. Group level AMC Renewal (IT Infrastructure, UPS)
Attendance & Door Lock System (ZK Techo).
ANG Holdings Group (Pasta Express, Leagna Café, FFC) - Aug 2014 to Sept 2021 IT Executive
Software’s and windows update etc.
VPN Tacitine setup / conﬁguration and maintenance
Network switch conﬁguration and router conﬁguration. Assembling & disassembling the computers, Maintenance Troubleshooting. Connecting the printers with the desktops & laptops. Networking cabling and Punching.
printer installation and conﬁguration. HP LaserJet pro Toshiba etc. BIOMETRIC (SUPREMA, ESSL & ZKTECO),software installation and conﬁguration. Avaya telephones call recordings in calenture, Webmail and word press. POS machine FEC/POS bank/E POS extreme etc.
Allied Digital Services Limited, Mumbai-India
Desktop Support Engineer.
Set up hardware and install and conﬁgure software and drivers Dec 2010 - July 2014
Maintain and repair technological equipment (e.g., routers) or peripheral devices Install well-functioning LAN/WAN and other networks and manage components Manage security options and software in computers and networks to maintain privacy and protection from attacks
Active directory installation and conﬁguration
Troubleshoot system failures or bugs and provide solutions to restore functionality Keep records of repairs and ﬁxes for future reference. Esdee Business Machine pvt Ltd., Mumbai-India
Desktop/Field Support Engineer.
Conﬁguration of the Computers with the internet.
Solving the regular upcoming Hardware issues.
Evaluating the network issues.
Solving the technical issues of the employees.
Troubleshooting and Assembling Desktop computers.
Printer installation and troubleshooting.
Data Cards conﬁguration and troubleshooting.
MS outlook conﬁguration, Outlook backup & restore and troubleshooting Sep 2009 - Dec 2010
Education Yashwantrao Chavan Maharashtra Open University Bachelor in Commerce ( Economics & Accounting )
2012-2013 —
Excel Computer Institute
Diploma In Computer Software Programming.
2006 —
Jerking Info Train Limited
Jetking Certiﬁed Hardware & networking Professional Premium 2010 —
Skills Hardware and networking / Laptop & Software Servicing Helpdesk, Remote, Customer & Technical Support
Customer Relationship & Time Management
Problem Solving & Troubleshooting
Technical
Skills
Process Flows & Call-Tracking Tools: ITIL incident management service processes, HEAT, Remedy, Zendesk, Freshdesk, Samanage, Desk.com Software:MS Oﬃce (Word, Excel, Outlook, PowerPoint, Access), VMware applications, Salesforce, anti-virus programs, MS SQL.
Browsers:Chrome, Safari, Firefox, MS Edge, IE, SeaMonkey Navigator, Opera Hardware: PCs, Laptops, Telephony Systems, Printers, Routers, Modems . Networking: LAN & VPN/Remote Connectivity, TCP/IP
Platforms: Windows, Unix, NetWare Servers, Citrix
Language English, Arabic ( Basic ), Urdu, Marathi Additional
Information
Marital Status. : Married
Nationality. : Indian
Passport No : T2400222
Expiry Date : 09/01/2029
Bahrain DL# : 870753096
Availability : Immediate.
Contact this candidate