Rhonda Faust
** ****** ****
Ramsey, NJ *****
adxuze@r.postjobfree.com

Special Skills and Knowledge:

Active Directory (Azure), Azure VDI, ITIL methodology, GPO, DHCP, TCP/IP, Office 365, Terminal Services, Citrix MetaFrame Presentation Server, Backup Exec 12.5, Ghost, Avaya IP Manager, Cisco Call Manager, VPN, Wi-Fi, Web Servers, SharePoint, Telecommute, Remote Work.

Software and Applications:

Microsoft Server 2008 & 2012 r2, SCCM, MS Windows 7, 8 and 10, MS Office Professional Plus 2016 (MS Office 365), Microsoft Exchange 5.5, 2003 & 2007, Microsoft Skype for Business 2016, Teams, E-Time, Norton Antivirus, LexisNexis, Great Plains, RightFax, Citrix MetaFrame, MS Direct Access and Cisco VPN, Remedy, Freshservice, Dameware, Labtech, ConnectWise, Spiceworks, ServiceNow and MobileIron.

Professional Experience:

University of the Cumberlands - Williamsburg, Kentucky (online) 12/2022-Present
Master of Science in Cyber Security

IT Technical Support Specialist – (Contract) 3/2022-12/2022
Neca Inc. – Morristown, New Jersey

Provide on-site and remote support to both employees and external customers.
Troubleshoot and repair desktops, laptops, phone, peripherals, equipment, and corporate applications.
Troubleshoot known and unknown software issues related to Windows 10 and Office365 (Microsoft Office, Outlook, MS Teams, and OneDrive)
Build and reimage PCs using SCCM including performing any necessary HW repair or upgrades.
Provide excellent verbal and written communication of highly technical information to both technical and non-technical end-users of all levels.
Document solutions and incident resolution in ticketing system.

Specialist IT User Support NA - (Contract) 6/2021-1/2022
Nestle N.A. (Nespresso) – New York, New York

Provide advanced troubleshooting of both hardware, software, mobile devices and boutique client support.
Responsible for all installations, deployments, upgrades, SCCM image of laptops, desktops and POSs
Asset manager- update all assets assigned, returned, retired, in maintenance, E-wasted and non-compliant.
Troubleshoot all advanced VPN, Wifi and Azure password reset issues.
Upkeep and troubleshoot 35 conference rooms with Crestron/Polycom AV equipment with Microsoft Teams.

IT Tech Support III
Glatt Inc. – Ramsey, NJ 3/2019-6/2021

Troubleshoot all user and network technical support issues.
Responsible for all Moves, Adds, and Changes.
Active Directory and Office 365 admin account creation for network logons and email accounts.
Delegation of security rights to network directory files and folders.
SCCM desktop and laptop installation and configuration, install and configure desk phones using Avaya, configure android phones using Skype for Business, Outlook 365 and Concur.
Troubleshoot all network printing issues and network printer set ups.

Rhonda Faust
Page 1 of 2

Desktop and Lead Technical Support 1/2017- 1/2019
Cognizant Technologies – Teaneck, NJ (Consultant)

Sole on-site Technician providing technical support to four different locations.
Responsible for desktop and laptop configuration, maintaining AD accounts, ITIL methodology, Cisco Wifi AP installations, network printing in Windows and AS400, configuration of Cisco IP phones.
Troubleshoot and fix ALL daily network user issues (network connection, Wifi connections, Office 365 and printing issues
Resolve password AD account issues, configure Android and Apple iPhones for corporate email and Office 365 Migration Project.
Responsible for ordering and keeping track of supplies, assets, components, and peripherals.
Provided reports on progress of Projects and communicated with stakeholders on important issues.

IT Manager 11/2015-11/2016
Mildred Elley College – New York, New York

Responsible for the maintenance of all the school’s IT systems, hands on support for maintaining servers,
Networks, WiFi APN’s, desktops, laptops, mobile devices, Avaya VOIP desk phones and classroom
Audio/Visual systems.
Active Directory and Office 365 account creation for network logons and email accounts.
LAN/WAN/Client trouble shooting, desktop and laptop installation and configuration.
Provide timely expert professional support service for both faculty, staff and students.
Supervise a staff of four, install network printers.
Responsible for all Moves, Adds, and Changes.
Create Network cables and punch down network wall jacks.
Responsible for all PO’s for hardware, software, and technical equipment.

Education:

Steven’s Institute of Technology - Hoboken, New Jersey Transferred

• Master of Science in Information Systems

The CHUBB Institute - Jersey City, New Jersey

Post Baccalaureate Diploma in Network Engineering and Data Communications

Hunter College – New York, NY

Bachelor of Arts – Economics
Minor – Spanish

International Study Abroad Program: Florence, Italy
International Study Abroad Program: Tampico, Mexico

Languages:
Fluent in Italian, Spanish and English

Rhonda Faust
Page 2 of 2
Contact this candidate