CURRICULUM VITAE
PERSONAL DETAILS
OBJECTIVE
My desire is to find a stable yet challenging position in a professional environment. Being currently looking for a job, I allow myself to offer you my candidacy for a position within your company. I am Mohammed Ali MAHFOUZ, Lebanese, to immigrate and work for your company. My experience has allowed me to acquire all the knowledge necessary for the proper reception of the tasks of the position to be filled. The confrontation with the vagaries of the job allows me to be able to respond to all the unforeseen in complete autonomy. Integrating your company represents for me a real challenge for my future in which I could express my work and my honesty entirely. I remain at your disposal for any additional information or interviews. Please accept, Madam, Sir, the expression of my sincere greetings PERSONAL DETAILS
Name: Mohammed Ali
Family Name: MAHFOUZ
Email Address: adxz1k@r.postjobfree.com
Mobile: 009********** or phone number: 009***-****** Address : Hadath Beirut – Lebanon
Date and place of Birth: Al Hara 26/12/1995
Driving License: I have a driving License in my country Gender: Male
Nationality: Lebanese
Civil Status : single
Permanent Address: Hadath, Beirut
LANGUAGES KNOWN
Arabic and French and English
EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATION
Technical License Certificate Informatics major :Software Branch on 2022. Basic language: Arabic
3rd year at Lebanese University Business major.
WORK EXPERIENCE
Work Experience
1. Mahfouz Company & sons for socks and cotton products Post: Merchandiser in Carrefour for Ouno Mahfouz
From March 2017 till now at afternoon shift .
2 . In Allianz Insurance Company in Beirut
Customs services
From Feb 2019 till 30/3/2020
Developed and implement new marketing sales and make follow up with customers and contact
Ensured that new clients will grow into a loyal customer
Increase the customer satisfaction rate
Improved the communication with the marketing department to reach and cover almost clients and worked with a good team work
Collect and analyzed data on an established customers, competitors and marketing channel and sources.
3. The school Tahwitat al Ghadeer
Post: IT
Starting from Feb 2022 till present
I am an IT support specialist eager to become a field technician. I have experience this school mentioned above in field work, and coworkers often say that I am a quick learner. I am highly motivated because I enjoy being in every place needed my skills and my job duties fast and with professionalism for work rather than behind a desk .
Skills:
Coached newly-hired IT specialist on advanced technical procedures.
Assisted clients with diagnosis of software and hardware issues and concerns.
Encouraged timely and relevant upgrades for clients’ products as necessary.
Identified new parts-ordering solution which led to a client wait time reduction and an increase in client satisfaction by 39%
Assisted IT director with administration applications, reducing workload by 19% Hobbies:
I am interested for volunteering work, traveling, swimming and making sports. Certificates:
I have Technical License Certificate information major: Software Branch from Dekwaneh on 04/07/2022. And 3 rd year at Lebanese University major Business and still continuing I have work experience on IT on School of Tahwitat Al Ghadeer and in Alliance Insurance company.
I consent to the processing of my personal data for the purpose of recruitment for the position to which I am applying
Note: more information and reference is available upon request.
Contact this candidate