- ARNOLD HAIGHT -
Senior Technology Support Technician

Washington, NJ 07882 • 973-***-**** • ady4lr@r.postjobfree.com • https://www.linkedin.com/in/arnoldhaight/

Established, driven, and customer-focused IT professional with 15+ years’ experience in solving technical problems and providing responsive, professional, user support in fast-paced, dynamic environments. Proven success in leading IT projects from inception through to completion by strategically allocating resources and delegating tasks to achieve on-time and within budget delivery. Holder of a diploma in Data Center Support, ITIL Foundation and CompTIA A+ certified with a solid track record of leveraging technical expertise to resolve malfunctioning computers, operating systems, software, and telecommunication. Skilled in implementing new procedures and technologies to improve customer service, strengthen security, enhance operational efficiency, and control/reduce business costs.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

EPTAM Precision Molding, Phillipsburg, NJ • Systems Support Specialist 10/2021 – 06/2023
Provide help desk assistance and technical support for problems affecting end users. Facilitate team members with IT projects such as new software execution. Identify and resolve issues and concerns by coordinating with users. Monitor configuration changes, solutions, and decisions by formulating and maintaining documentation. Ensure proper permission assignments by managing user roles and profiles. Guide and educate end-users on business process and system functionality. Analyze system changes by documenting business decisions and solutions, while maintaining master file data with keen focus on item master BOM’s. Define problems, collect important data, and draw valid conclusions to optimize workflow.
Streamlined business operations by prioritizing and resolving reported incidents.
Contribute significant efforts to stability, effectiveness, and alignment of ERP platform (IQMS) with business requirements.
Served as subject matter expert (SME) in content, processes, and procedures linked with enterprise resource planning (IQMS) and related systems.

MARS Wrigley, Hackettstown, NJ • Site IT Support 05/2018 – 10/2021
Assisted with routine execution of site operations and activities by providing on-site and remote support to office and plant. Collaborated with leaders, line managers, business partners, and team to safeguard business continuity. Collaborated with vendors and managed inventory by using SAP and Ariba. Maintained open communication throughout full issue resolution lifecycle. Performed security administration functions for user, data, and remote access, while ensuring accurate provisioning, installation/configuration, operation, and maintenance of systems related infrastructure. Led execution of Tech Cafe on demand desktop support service.
Achieved high customer satisfaction ratings from direct feedback surveys.
Ensured upkeep, configuration, and operation of computer systems, especially multi-user computers.
Conferred with vendors to obtain replacement hardware or software and prevented escalation by addressing/reporting technical problems.

Marsh & McLennan Companies, Morristown, NJ • Local Technology Coordinator 07/2013 – 04/2018
Partnered with senior leadership to guide short- and long-range technology planning, including coordination and execution of hardware and software upgrades. Managed daily operational activities by supporting, leading, and motivating help desk staff while serving as the primary person in resolving complex, escalated tickets. Fostered highly collaborative environments by driving personal and professional development. Liaised with IT vendors daily, building and maintaining professional relationships to safeguard high levels of customer satisfaction and service delivery.
●Promoted and maintained key business applications and systems.
●Served as Team lead for on-site/off-site project implementations and onboarding of new acquisitions to company standard programs and processes.
●Initiated transformative IT policies designed to strengthen system security, including enhanced measures for password requirements and user access.
●Led introduction of new procedures for help desk documentation, creating a comprehensive knowledge base of common issues and solutions to improve efficiency.
●Directed a company-wide upgrade to Windows 10 and Office 365 across two locations, including 300 onsite staff and 100 remote employees in four operating companies while meeting deadlines and remaining within budget.

EDUCATION

Data Center Support • Chubb Institute, Parsippany NJ
1997
CompTIA A+ • CompTIA
ITIL Foundation •Loyalist Certification Services
Contact this candidate