Christopher Madison
Manhasset, NY 516-***-****
linkedin.com/in/madisonchris ady53k@r.postjobfree.com

End User / Client Technical Support Specialist
Expertly and Expeditiously Identify and Resolve Technical Issues, Minimizing Downtime and Ensuring Customer Success

Deliver superior IT support, leveraging all available resources to quickly problem solve complex technical issues to maintain high customer satisfaction. Partner cross-functionally to review and understand systems updates and changes that impact end users. Develop and share detailed documentation with others, ensuring best practice adoption and utilization. Highly adept in systems analysis, diagnostics, troubleshooting, and conflict resolution. Exhibit excellent organizational and problem-solving skills, work well in team environments, and display strong work ethic.

Technical and Specialized Skills

Windows 10 and Server Support
Configured switches and firewalls
Provided TCP/IP support with DNS configuration
Customer Support
Microsoft Office Support
Problem Resolution
Cross-functional Collaboration
Team Building
Software Deployment
System Testing and Implementations
Process Improvements
Process Guide Development
Experience

COX AUTOMOTIVE / DEALERTRACK (MERGED IN 2015), New Hyde Park, NY
Deployment Specialist 2012 - 2023
Served as primary support on build and deploy .NET, Python web application changes into pre-production (DevTest, Devint, quality assurance (QA), user acceptance testing (UAT), production disaster recovery (DR), production, PA/DR environments for F&I release trains, such as credit, payment, contract, and platform.
Created roll back packages removed manual changes from production environment when PVT failed.
Performed daily tests of QA site and reported technical issues to developers, in addition to collaborating with developers to isolate technical problems.
Assisted clients with resolving technical issues when accessing QA site.
Participated in weekly meetings with development teams to review code changes.

COX AUTOMOTIVE / DEALERTRACK (MERGED IN 2015), New Hyde Park, NY
Production Support Engineer - Level 1 2008 - 2012
Monitored hardware and software components in production environment as well as provided level-1 support to partners.
Interacted with partners’ production operation staff, notifying of issues and helping to resolve.
Provided support for administering system in operations role as determined and scheduled by operations documentation.
Researched and repaired issues by following documented procedures in resolving.
Notified appropriate personnel upon issue resolution and escalated issues if necessary.

VERIFONE TRANSPORTATION SYSTEMS, Long Island City, NY
Senior Systems Engineer 2008
Oversaw and maintained network of Windows 2003 and 2008 servers.
Updated servers on critical and non-critical items once available from Microsoft.
Conducted weekly checklist reviews on Windows patches, antivirus updates, and time sync errors.
Uploaded files into major web servers as well as media servers weekly / monthly as needed.

PUBLISHERS CLEARING HOUSE, Port Washington, NY
Systems Administrator 2007 - 2008
Provided direct support to the 500+ DOTCOM users and over 50 servers.
Monitored and supported tape backup operations.
Distributed new software to end clients, using Windows Group Policy.
Created and managed group policy objects, enabling access to users.

IBM, Manhasset, NY
Tivoli Storage Manager (TSM) Administration and Support / Consultant 2005 - 2007
Clients: Altria Group, Philip Morris USA, Kraft Foods
Provided support for TSM backup and recovery of data / exchange / cluster severs and full system restores.
Coordinated with IBM Support to resolve hardware / software support issues of TSM servers.
Installed and configured automatic backups, using Backup Exec.
Delivered instructional technical documentation to team’s knowledge database.

IBM, Manhasset, NY
Server Support Specialist 2004 - 2005
Provided onsite support for 1.6K+ servers in mixed OS and domain environment, configured and maintained cluster environments.
Built server RAID configurations for various IBM server models and expansion units.
Monitored exchange server backups, using Tivoli client for Exchange 5.5/2000/2003.

STRATEGIC BUSINESS SYSTEMS, Chantilly, VA
Storage Engineer 2003 - 2004
Configured and installed Clariion SAN devices at customer sites.
Setup fabric switches and zoning.
Racked and cabled all servers, SAN, switches, and backup devices as necessary.

EMC2, New York, NY
Regional Software Support Specialist 2000 - 2002
Conducted Clariion onsite pre-installation system environment assessments, leading to successful implementation.
Installed and configured Clariion storage systems at customer sites on various operating systems, meeting budgetary and deadline requirements.
Performed attachment of multiple hosts to the array through use of vendor switches, satisfying all customer requirements.

Education Certifications

Bachelor of Science (BS), St. John’s University, Jamaica, NY
AWS Cloud Practitioner, 2023
Contact this candidate