Jason Aldred
P:301-***-**** ady6xj@r.postjobfree.com
Professional Summary:
● Extensive experience working as an IT Support Specialist in various industries.
● Hands-on experience in LAN/WAN troubleshooting including installation and maintenance.
● Experienced with troubleshooting hardware and software problems, both remotely and on-site.
● Provided comprehensive professional support by analyzing and efficiently tackling incoming software and hardware requests and maintaining contact with users for status updates. Professional Skills:
● Critical Thinking
● Handling Pressure
● Leadership
● Problem-Solving
● Microsoft Office
● Java Script
Education:
● Bachelor of Science in Liberal Studies with a concentration in Computer Information Systems Frostburg State University, Frostburg, MD 2023
Professional Experience:
Clive Aldred INC., Clinton, MD January 2019 to Present IT Support Specialist
● Provide comprehensive professional support by analyzing and efficiently tackling incoming software and hardware requests and maintaining contact with users for status updates.
● As approved, provide minor systems administration support such as user ID creation/removal, Password reset assistance, and standard system security modifications.
● Proactively monitor system performance, and alerts and resolve as appropriate.
● Installation and configuration of software or plugins to client-server/workstation.
● Installation, modification, and repair of IT equipment such as (label-) printers, hand scanners, and mobile devices.
● Assist customers with software installations and updates.
● Respond promptly to customer inquiries, providing technical assistance and solutions.
● Troubleshoot hardware and software problems, both remotely and on-site. Frostburg State University, Frostburg, MD Oct 2019 to April 2023 Student Help Desk Support Specialist
● Provide comprehensive professional support by analyzing and efficiently tackling incoming software and hardware requests and maintaining contact with users for status updates.
● As approved, provide minor systems administration support such as user ID creation/removal, Password reset assistance, and standard system security modifications.
● Network Support LAN/WANs, installations, configurations, troubleshooting software, hardware, pc, print server, router.
● Provided end-Client systems support for LAN/WAN.
● Proactively monitor system performance, and alerts and resolve as appropriate.
● Installation and configuration of software or plugins to client-server/workstation
● Installation, modification, and repair of IT equipment such as (label-) printers, hand scanners, and mobile devices.
● Assist customers with software installations and updates.
● Respond promptly to customer inquiries, providing technical assistance and solutions.
● Troubleshoot hardware and software problems, both remotely and on-site. Shoppers, Clinton, MD May 2017 to August 2018
Cashier (Seasonal)
● Provided a positive customer experience with fair, friendly, and courteous service.
● Registered sales on a cash register by scanning items, itemizing, and totaling customers purchases.
Contact this candidate