IT SUPPORT SPECIALIST
Seasoned Computer Network Specialist with 24 years of experience working in fast pace distribution centers with challenging operational and maintenance concerns. Expertise in networking concepts, TCP/IP protocol, and network security, knowledge of firewall setup and administration, VPN, bandwidth management, and quality of service. Proven diagnostic abilities with attention to detail and ability to work effectively in a fast-paced environment. Demonstrated abilities to set strategic direction while obtaining superior results.

Highlights of Expertise
Result Driven
Time Management
Detail Oriented
Six Sigma Green

Strong Leadership Skills
Versatile/Flexible
Big Picture-Small Actions
Conflict Resolution
Team Builder
System Disaster Recovery
Excellent verbal and written skills
TECHNICAL PROFICIENCY
Remote Platforms: TeamViewer, SCCM, Twingate
Antivirus software emphasis on scheduled updates, and computer refresh for over 300 users
DELL, LENOVO, APPLE products: PC and laptops reimaging, refreshes and deployments
VPN troubleshooting and setup, Azure AD, Okta, Confluence/Jira, Google Platform, Kandji, Workspace One, Ninja, Microsoft 365, Windows 7, 8.1, 10, SAP, AS400, WMS and MAINFRAME SYSTEMS
Fresh service, Fresh works, Zendesk, Jira/Confluence (Helpdesk platforms)
Documentation Writing
ORACLE, LINUX, RETEK, FLEX, TCP/IP Networking, Tape Storage and Backup
Microsoft Enterprise and Active Directory
System Administrator with Software installation and configuration hardware
Document success in responding all inquiries and ticketing through the MAGIC system in a timely manner
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Human Interest August 2021- Present
IT Support Specialist II
Provide remote support to end users, contractors and company employees. Onboard and Offboard user accounts
Create, edit and improve technical articles. Diagnose and troubleshoot technical issues, including account setup.
EnSafe Inc.
IT Support Specialist October 2018- August 2021
Provide leadership skills in helpdesk, images, deployment and all new computer refreshes. First line helpdesk tickets. 90% ticket resolution within reasonable timeframe. Responsible for setting up new hire, termination of employee, assist with onboarding.
McKesson Pharmaceutical Corporation May 2016-Oct 2018
Inventory Control and Computer Room Lead/Trainer
Provide leadership with necessary analyze reports measuring the effectiveness of the Distribution Center. Ensure compliance with DC policies and procedures. Coordinate communication with Corporate Office, Customers and DC Leadership to provide timely solutions to inventory issues. Direct the scheduling and ensure performance of inventory cycle count and physical inventories. Partner with Returns and Reclamations to ensure that product is credited in timely manner and managed effectively. Follow all SOP for meet and exceed audit requirements. Determine the plan for the storage of all inventory product using SAP driven data a d statistical report to maximize picks and reserves location productivity. Perform for all storage Backup tape and security camera, Badge Security, Software Updates. Assist with all enter/ exit processes for ALL levels of employment. Monitor security and tracking devices for transportation department to ensure that staff and customers are following protocols. Serve as designee for Freight watcher security software.

Xerox January 2015 - January 2016
APPLE CARE Tier 1 Tech Support Agent- (Work from Home)
Provided customer service to iOS devices, tech support to iOS software. Resolved customers issues with cellphone, desktop and laptop while educating customers to become self-reliant. Worked remotely with management and co-workers to achieve organization goals.

Family Dollar Stores Inc. January 1997-August 2014
Information Technology Department (Desktop Support)
HELP DESK Support (responsible for 2nd shift individually, departmental, and production). Performed all
monthly routine maintenance in data center and the training center. Responsible for technical support on all
handheld devices, RF guns, and Bluetooth production scanners. Scheduled online training courses for over 300
team members monthly. Monitored all Hyper-V servers via remotely.
EDUCATION
University of Phoenix (Online Courses) 2012-Present

PROFESSIONAL REFERENCES AVAILABLE UPON REQUEST
Contact this candidate