VIDAL J. GODWIN, III
*** ******* **
Stockbridge Ga 30281
678-***-**** (C) adz1l1@r.postjobfree.com
PROFILE

INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY PROFESSIONAL

QUALIFICATIONS
Experienced IT Professional
Productive self-starter with a strong work ethic, to achieve goals.
Work well with teammates – (Global & Domestic)
Engaging and open communicator, team-oriented teammate
Proven experience in project implementation and delivery/systems integration/hardware/network/operating system/enterprise application support/ troubleshooting/systems support and knowledge of web technologies

KNOWLEDGE & SKILLS
Networking MS Windows OS LAN, WAN, Storage, Hardware
Internet Security AD-DS Group Policy F5, Load Balancers, VLANS,
Web Technologies (.Net, XML., HTTP.) IIS, Telnet, RDP, TCP/IP, DNS Windows Clustering
SQL 2005 Server UAT Testing (transition& deployment) Web Applications
ServiceNow Microsoft Office Products Azure

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Ernst & Young- Alpharetta, GA Nov 2014-Dec 2022
Application Support Specialist
Performed operational and Tier 3 level support for production applications in a range of business portfolios for clients.
Determine the root cause of incidents. (Configuration vs. defects)
Re-create, analyze, troubleshoot, and diagnose incidents relating to off-the-shelf and proprietary applications and/or platforms.
Liaison with appropriate teams for the development of corrective actions or viable workarounds to resolve incidents.
Installation of application and fixes.
Deployment of application upgrades and fixes.
Installation of applications in supported environments.
Respond to automated alerts on the health of systems.
Execute technical tasks in support of project initiatives
Perform routine audits of systems for the purpose of preventative maintenance of applications and reporting on their status to teammates and management.
Plan, schedule, and monitor work activities to meet time and quality targets.
Adhere to E&Y and ITIL guidelines for Incidents, Problems, and Change Management.
Effectively work on call management tasks, including logging, monitoring/updating, prioritizing, and resolving incident with users, L4 team, development teams, and network teams during system interruptions in a timely fashion.
Ensures all work is carried out and documented in accordance with required standards, methods, and procedures.
Communicate with stakeholders, management, and colleagues on systems status, during periods of downtime, upgrades or maintenance.
Actively participate in company performance management and development processes.
Provide guidance and advice to junior colleagues where and when required.

SunTrust Bank Inc., Atlanta, GA May 2010 -2014
Infrastructure & Integration Engineer
Provide Implementation and support activities to complex E-Commerce Web applications for project delivery.
Plan, configure, implement, maintain and support the integration of web applications into existing network infrastructure and systems.
Install and configure web servers, application servers and MS SQL database servers in a windows 2003R2 and 2008R2 platforms and VMWare Virtual guest systems environments.
Perform Application Deployment and Configuration.
Install and Configure web application components on the servers in the appropriate environments utilizing automated tool and manual methodology.
Coordinate and request network resources for F5 and load balancers configuration.
Submit Change Management Requests and support documentation.
Provide support for infrastructure components during application functional and performance testing.
Monitor, identify and resolve key issues affecting implementation processes and project delivery.
Diagnose, troubleshoot and test systems and applications and identify and resolve issues.
Conduct disaster recovery preparation and testing.
Comply with best practices, policies, and procedures to ensure efficient, stable, and manageable systems environments.
Collaborate with system architects, project managers, developers, network engineers, and other project stakeholders to discuss implementation plans, technical design documentation, requirements, and open issues lists.
Communicate with vendors, and developers and facilitate meetings for complex issues.
Respond to system outages, research causes, resolve problems, and document root causes.

VSoft Corporation, Duluth, GA September 2007 – January 2009
Implementation Specialist
Implement VSoft Financial Software on Windows servers.
Plan and configure Windows server hardware and operating systems.
Perform software implementation, configure applications, and apply fixes to resolve application issues.
Install and configure websites and perform customization.
Troubleshoot and resolve application, systems, and network issues.
Interface with clients to define requirements.
Work with the technical development team to resolve complex issues.
Perform system testing and assist clients’ users’ acceptance testing.
Responsible for transitioning fully implemented projects to clients’ IT teams.
Serve as liaison between the client user community and technical team for final delivery.

VIDAL J. GODWIN, III
Page 2

Fidelity Investment, Boston, Massachusetts October 2006 – June 2007
Conversion/Deployment Technical Analyst
Deploy, configure and Implement Fidelity Investments Advisor Channel Web software on Clients’ Systems.
Plan and Coordinate with clients to assess their Systems environment before deployments and conversions.
Ensure client’s Systems environments meet application requirements
Perform database backup on client systems.
Install and configure SQL MSDE database on clients’ systems.
Install and configure web application software.
Test and troubleshoot system integration issues relating to application functionality.
Provide technical support for existing clients.
Provide support as needed for application testing and conversion
Troubleshoot software, hardware, and network issues
Document deployment and conversions updates and changes in the Siebel FRIAG CRM system
Escalate complex issues to the solutions engineering and development teams.
Respond to technical support calls from clients performing upgrades and conversions independently.

State Street Global Advisors, Boston, Massachusetts April 2000 – March 2006
Market Data Implementation Infrastructure Analyst
Provide all levels of Market Data application systems support for traders on the Equity Trading, Fixed Income, and Cash Trading desks, Portfolio Managers, Fund Managers, and Operations Support Staff in both local and global offices.
Evaluate, analyze, test, implement, maintain, coordinate, and provide operational support for systems and services to all State Street Global Advisors Market Data applications.
Coordinate with Vendors for hardware-related issues, licenses, demos, new software releases, and training.
Monitor systems for network and application performance reliability.
Administer change management processes for all Market Data Services-related changes, upgrades, and enhancements.
Plan and execute an operating system, service packs, patches and application software updates and releases.
Provide 2nd & 3rd tier technical support, for corporate and global offices affected by systems and application issues during regular and on-call rotation.
Troubleshoot and resolve system outages.
Escalate complex technical issues to appropriate systems groups for research and resolution.
Collaborate and Work with infrastructure teams to resolve network related issues.
Support and Perform disaster recovery planning and testing.
VIDAL J. GODWIN, III
Page 3

Prepare monthly status and problem reports to management and other key systems groups.
Facilitate meetings to resolve operational issues.
Create and maintain documentation of systems and Implementation procedures.

EDUCATION

Computer Engineering Technology, Franklin Institute of Technology, Boston, MA
Engineering Technology, University of Lowell, Lowell, MA
Contact this candidate