Cory Mark Weldon
adzerh@r.postjobfree.com 352-***-**** Gainesville, FL
WORK EXPERIENCE
Administrative Specialist December 2022 – June 2023 University of Florida Gainesville, FL
Mentored by senior database engineers, learning to manage an ETL pipeline through cleansing and analyzing datasets, ensuring consistent accuracy for business intelligence evaluation.
Leveraged Tableau, Excel, Google Sheets, and MSSQL to create visualizations and track performance trends.
Cross-referenced FERPA records with financial data as part of an essential state of Florida compliance report.
Responsible for requisition processing, travel management, and strategic procurement of department assets. Information Technology Analyst May 2017 – June 2019 University of Florida Gainesville, FL
Lead Tier 3 administrator charged with the security and development of the university's ITSM enterprise SaaS.
Implemented ITIL framework and developed the CMDB through coordinated efforts with product owners.
Played a vital role in establishing the CAB/ECAB assisted in establishing change management policy, procedure, and standards to ensure consistent, transparent, high-quality delivery of enterprise services.
Managed API, customized reporting, maintained SAML, migrated data, designed dashboards, automated process workflows, tailored UI, integrated 3rd party software, and deployed version upgrades. Technical Support Specialist May 2016 – May 2017
University of Florida Gainesville, FL
Tier 2 technician supported Windows, macOS, iOS, Android, and Linux for hundreds of end users while creating detailed documentation of troubleshooting procedures on Sharepoint.
Habitually exceeded SLAs and achieved a customer satisfaction average of 4.8/5 in over 200 end user reviews.
Administered via Active Directory, PowerShell, MS Exchange Admin Center, and Windows Server 2014 to manage distribution groups, policy objects, security groups, user groups, drive access, and email accounts.
Delivered user education regarding application software, hardware, and fundamental operating system functions. EDUCATION
Associate of Science, Network Systems Technology May, 2019 Santa Fe College Gainesville, FL
Linux Administration, IT Project Management, Database Management, SQL, Programming Logic, HTML5, CSS, Cyber Security, Virtual Machines, Agile, Scrum, Router Theory, Windows Server Administration. Bachelor of Science, Food and Resource Economics May 2006 University of Florida Gainesville, FL
Financial/Managerial Accounting, Risk/Data Analysis, Resource Supply Chain Management, Marketing. SKILLS & INTERESTS
Skills: Cherwell, Python, ERP, VMware, SAP Concur, AWS, Network Security, Git, CMDB, Flask, Ubuntu, iOS
Interests: True Crime, Gardening, Geo-Politics, Sustainability, Movies, Outdoors, Traveling, Sitcoms, Cooking
Contact this candidate