WILFRED EGBON
SYSTEM ADMINSTRATOR
404-***-****
adzybb@r.postjobfree.com
Lawrenceville, GA
About Me
Driven Systems Administrator with 10 years of experience in software implementation and maintenance. Proven history of managing complex infrastructures and data center operations. Expert in solutions-oriented business application problem-solving and dedicated to providing best-in-class service. Skilled at troubleshooting, communication and collaboration. Experience
Supported, troubleshooted, repaired and maintained server issues and security for the corporation including six locations.
Troubleshooted, reviewed, and resolved blocked websites. Managed, deployed, configured, and maintained servers in a virtualized and traditional environment.
Assisted in creating scripts to monitor systems, diagnostics, resolve issue, and automate routine tasks.
Configured systems for high availability including strategies for back-up recovery. Diagnosed and resolved complex software, server, and networking issues. Installed configured desktop server hardware and software, such as operating systems, application and patches to support and maintain network services Provided Active Directory Management assistance
Created and maintained written and verbal procedures, prepared written technical documentation, training material, standards, reports, and other documents. Provided general networking, computer, and technology support as needed. Operated a variety of office equipment including computers and assigned software.
Middleby Residential 2022-2023
Onsite Computing 2011-2022
System Administrator
Technical Support Specialist
Education
Information Technology with an Advanced
Networking Certificate
2021
Bachelors of
Science
University of Phoenix
Skills
Network Migration
Linux OS/Mac OS System
Windows Servers Manager/SQL Server
Syspro/Translution
VPN Configuration
Office 365/Microsoft Azure
Languages
English
German
Bini
Vulnerability Management
Hardware/Software Installation
Virtual Desktop Configuration
Incident Reports
Pen Testing
DataMagine
Contact this candidate