INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY SPECIALIST
? Solutions-oriented IT Specialist with success directing a broad range of educational IT initiatives while participating in planning and implementation of technology immersion. While working in broad scope of education and private work, I have been able to obtain knowledge and skills to work both in and out of education sector.
? Track record of increasing responsibility in secure network design (wired and wireless), system backup and full lifecycle of a network.
? Security experience to maintain security internally and externally, monitor security to insure the safety of confidential data and permanent record information.
? Demonstrated capacity to implement a broad range of security measures to maintain a reliable and secure network using active directory to maintain users’ accounts and use\computer policies.
? Hands-on experience leading faculty and staff who have different computer knowledge in implementing instructional technology into their lesson plans. Working especially close with teachers whose grade levels were involved in the immersion program from the TIP grant.
? Ability to coordinate the immersion of laptops to entire grade level while maintaining security and prevention of damage to laptops. Working directly with students to educate on proper care of system and also in proper storage and backup of data. 
? Skill at computer (desktop and laptop) and network maintenance and repair, ability to quickly discover problems and solutions with a short turnaround time of system being out of use. Skilled use of computer imaging software.
? Track systems throughout the network, using inventory control, and tracking of systems problems and repairs throughout its life in the network.

CORE COMPETENCIES: Network & Systems Design, System Implantation & Tracking, Network and System Diagnostics and Repair, Data Integrity/Recovery, Data Backup, Contingency Planning, Assessment of how change will affect users on the network, Security Assessment

* Platforms: Microsoft Windows operating systems from 95 on, Windows Server 2000 & 2003, Red Hat Linux.
* Networking: TCP/IP, SMS/SQL, Ethernet, Layer 3 Network, VPN, SSH, FTP, WEP.
* Languages: HTML
*Tools: Active Directory, Norton Firewall and Ghost (Console and Ghost-Casting Server), McAfee/Norton Virus Protection Utilities, Vexira Antivirus, Dell Diagnostics, Track-IT Help Desk Software, Lightspeed Systems content filter and network manager, 8e6, Data Restoration Software, Network cable testing utilities, power supply testing tools, Microsoft Office System 97-2007. I have others that can be discussed if interested.
EDUCATION 
Bachelor Science Degree in Management Information Systems
TEXAS TECH UNIVERSITY –Lubbock, Texas 2001-2005
Graduated Cum Laude Dec 2005 GPA 3.6
Dean’s List Spring ’04, Spring ‘02
Presidents List Fall ’05 Spring ‘05
Golden Key Honor Society Spring 2004-Present

Professional Training and Certifications
Dell Warranty Parts Certification
A+ Certification (in progress)
Microsoft Certification (in progress)

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Coleman Independent School District 2001 – 2007
District Technology I was hired to assist in all phases of technology for the school district that consists of 4 campuses and the administration office.
? Responsible for maintaining and using help desk software to track trouble tickets and then diagnose and repair issue in a timely fashion. 
? Developed and maintained web page for the district and each campus. Configured wireless network, while maintaining the wired network. 
? Assist with Instructional Technology, inventory, create and maintained faculty and staff network and email accounts, assist with data entry 
? Created inventory tracking system for computer systems. 
? Used remote desktop into network while at college to troubleshoot problems when could not be on campus.
 After receiving my college degree continued doing above tasks while increasing responsibilities, authority, and decision-making. This allowed me to become well-rounded in all areas of technology as well as to work in and outside the education sector with little supervision.
Key Contributions:
? Played large role in design and implementation of wireless network for the school district. Playing major role in configuring wireless devices to avoid conflicts and allow for greatest efficiency.
? Used active directory on daily basis for user account creation for faculty, staff, and students. 
? Worked with TIP grant that immersed the 8th grade class in technology by each student receiving a laptop. Used content filtering and active directory for policies that protected both the laptops and the school network. Used redirection of My Documents to servers for nightly backup.
? Built and configured 3 different computer labs, maintained 7 different labs. Responsible for nearly 1,500 laptops and desktops.
? Worked with teachers of different skill levels on instructional technology for classroom instruction and classroom website to keep students and parents informed of assignments and other critical information
? Upgraded and prepared computers system to be capable of online TAKS testing.
? Installed and configured software and servers to handle intense usage of software at one time by students.
? Used imaging software to maintain current configurations and decrease turnaround time.
? Supervise student workers
? Responsible for many other tasks and operations.
RANDR TECHNOLOGIES, Coleman, Texas and Lubbock, Texas 2001 – Present
Owner
Help create a private computer repair and system designs business while going to college and working for the school district. I am responsible for taking what a customer wants to do and finding the system for the best value for them, or building a system for the customer. I perform a very broad range of task from creating the system, diagnosing the problems, and repairing the systems. I also design and maintain websites. Overall complete use of and maintaining computers in all aspects.
Key Contributions
Data recovery after a hard drive crash for tax preparer recovered user’s data and other critical information, Implemented system back procedure.
Remove virus and spyware, without reloading system when possible. 
Backed up data and reloaded operating system and software if need be. 
Educate customers on how to prevent viruses.
Teach users how to use software and tools on their system or related to their system
ATLC TEXAS TECH UNIVERSITY, Lubbock, Texas 2001 – 2003
Student Assistant
Hired to work help desk in a setting of 5 separate labs. Help students with Microsoft Office, Internet, and any other software they may be using. Observed to make sure rules were followed, that no food or drinks were open, and no inappropriate content was being accessed. Answered phone and worked with people to solve problems, took care of sorting print outs and handling money for print jobs.

References Available By Request

Contact this candidate