INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY SUPPORT SPECIALIST
Service-oriented IT Support Specialist with focused experience in an academic environment.
 Installation, maintenance, troubleshooting and end-user support/training for desktop operating systems. 
 Hardware and software support for over 800 Dell desktops including models: Optiplex, Precision and XPS, laptops including: Inspiron, Latitude, XT and e-series.
 Led the annual software image process on campus. Design, create, test and the implement stages of the project as well as maintaining the technical documentation 
 Hands-on experience in stages of project development efforts including: Back-To-School projects, ResNET support, software implementation, and new employee orientation.
 Provided Tier I, II and III support for end-users and computers using an incident ticketing system. 
 Adept at developing effective best practices policies and procedures and support documentation.

CORE COMPETENCIES: 

* Platforms: Microsoft Windows operating systems and Mac OS X
* Networking: TCP/IP, Novell, IPX/SPX, Ethernet, Wireless
* Languages: C++, Basic
* Tools: Norton Ghost, Faronics DeepFreeze, BlackBoard, Microsoft Active Directory, Microsoft Exchange, Lotus Notes, McAfee/Norton Virus Protection Utilities, Microsoft Project, Microsoft Office Suite 
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
EMBRY-RIDDLE AERONAUTICAL UNIVERSITY, Prescott, Arizona 2000 – Present
I.T. Senior Support Specialist
Supporting teammates, faculty, staff and students by providing consulting, problem determination and resolution, system installation and configuration, application support, audio/video system and event support, and technology needs analysis. Participate in and/or lead projects involving technology deployments to the University. Apply experience and judgment to proactively improve processes within IT to ensure the most efficient use of resources. Negotiate with vendors to ensure appropriate pricing and support agreements. Use Service-Now (ITIL) Incident System for ticket tracking, inventory and knowledge base management.

Key Contributions:
• Tier I support temporarily when the helpdesk was on-site. Tier II and III support for customers and teammates. 
• Supervise student employees – including interviews, training, and development. 
• Software imaging – creation, testing, documentation and deployment.
• Senior videoconference support for the Desktop Support Team.
• Meet with new employees to orient them with the University specific technology and processes.

 

MI WINDOWS AND DOORS, Prescott Valley, Arizona 1996 – 1999
Computer Support 
Started as a hardware support technician, supporting a variety of machine brands at this plant of 75+ computers. Rolled out Windows to the DOS workstations. Also provided software programming, voicemail system support, network support, server administration including developing a data backup plan, provided 24 hour support. 

Key Contributions:
• Provided computer support to legacy systems on the window/door manufacturing lines.
• Assisted with rolling out a new manufacturing system when merged with MI. 
• Provided software programming for new inventory barcode labels.
• Used Track It! work order system.

EDUCATION
Bachelor of Science Degree in Interdisciplinary Studies – December, 2010
Focus – Computer Science, Computer Applications and Technology, Policy & Management
EMBRY-RIDDLE AERONAUTICAL UNIVERSITY – Prescott, Arizona

Associate of Applied Science Degree in Microcomputer Specialist – 1996
Focus – Software Applications, Hardware, Networking and Programming
NORTH DAKOTA STATE COLLEGE OF SCIENCE – Wahpeton, North Dakota
PROFESSIONAL CERTIFICATIONS AND TRAINING
A+ Certified (1999)
Dell Technician Certification – Desktops, Precisions, Laptops (2000)
PC Troubleshooting (2004)
Symantec Ghost 11 Training (2007)

Manager Training by Fred Pryor Seminars (2001)
Coach & Teambuilding (2001)
Conflict & Communication Skills (2001)
EDUCAUSE (2002)
Creativity Camp (2002)
Handling Multiple Projects (2002)
FOCUS Seminar by Franklin Covey (2004)
Phoenix Conference for Women (2005)
Project Management Seminar (2006)
FOCUS For Outlook by Franklin Covey (2007)
The Essentials of Communication with Diplomacy & Professionalism (2007)
Seven Habits of Highly Effective People by Franklin Covey (2008)

Contact this candidate