Steven J. Arroyo
Graduate Game Designer 678-***-**** LinkedIn Portfolio ac6nib@r.postjobfree.com

Key Skills/Technical Experience & Personal Skills

Key Skills/Technical Experience
Personal Skills

●Unity3D
●Knowledge of Unity’s Render Pipeline and UI
●Strong Knowledge of Game Development with C# Programming
●Knowledge/Understanding of C# OOP
●Perforce Source Control
●Proficient in MS Office 365 Applications
●Advanced Knowledge with Probability, Statistics, Combinatorics, and Discrete Mathematic
●Knowledge of Game Design Patterns
●Knowledge of Live Game Ops
●Understanding of Art and Design Principles
●Game Design Documents/Excel Data Sheets
●Maya Modelling
●Worked in Fast Paced Remote Team Environments with other Designers and Artists
●Game Development/Tester/Balancer
●Basic Knowledge with Unreal Engine 4 & Blueprinting (Training)
●Basic Knowledge of C++ (Training)
●Basic Knowledge with Blender (Training)
●Basic Understanding of KPIs
●Understanding of Agile Scrum Software Development and Principles

●Bilingual (English and Spanish)
●Linguistic Translations
●Comfortable working in any Team –Based Environment
●Basic Video Recording/Editing
●Excellent Verbal, Written, Creative, and Technical Communications
●Excellent Organizational Skills
●Excellent Analytical Skills
●Fast Learner/Willing to Learn
●Self-Starter
●Detail and Team Oriented
●Multi-Tasker
●Team Player
●Enthusiastic
●Energetic
●Hard Working
●Problem Solver
●Collaborative
●Creative Thinking
●Open-Minded
●Inspired/Motivated through Learning/Hands-On Work
●Building/Maintaining Professional Relationships
●Strong Work Ethic, Critical Thinking, and Ability to Anticipate Problems
●Flexible
●Customer Service
●Strong Desire to build any AAA games
●Sense of humour
●Expressive with Ideas
●Positive “I Can Do It and Anything” Attitude/Mindset

Projects

●Capstone Project Full Sail University January 2018 - May 2018

●Outer Space Protection Program Lead Game Designer/Producer
●Game Tester - Worked with a team of 6 in a 5-6 month span of planning, creating, developing, and playtesting the game using Unity3D and Perforce.
●Lead Level Designer/Balancing – Designed and developed the level of the game to the progression and learning curve.
●Programmed in C# ranging from the main character, enemies, turrets, animations, UI, and other related mechanics.
●Game Design Documentation has also been made before development began.
●This game has been released for free for Windows on https://roastmygame.com/game/outer-space-protection-program

●Full Sail University Builds August 2015 – January 2018

●Breakout October 2017 Level/Game Designer/Programmer
●Game/Level Designer - Used Perforce and worked with my team to create our own version of the classic Breakout game. Worked off a Japanese theme.
●Game Programmer - Used C# development in mechanics, paddle movements, and other features.

●Junkies Vs. Veggies March 2017 Game Designer/Balancing/System
●Created an analog based game with a team of 3 other designers.
●Game Designer/Balancing - Created mechanics, stats, characters icons and balanced them out to create a fun yet funny looking card game.
●Game Design Documentation has also been made before development began.

●The Antidote That Can Save Us Forever July 2016 Level/Narrative Designer
●Used Perforce and worked with my team to create a game with levels that we created individually.
●Level Designer – Created an abandoned hospital with collectibles and interactive platforms, but later edited the level to give off a apocalyptic theme.
●Narrative Designer – I solely worked on the narrative of the game, which was implemented in each level.

●War on Ragnor April 2016 Lead Game Designer/Balancing/System
●Lead Game Designer - Worked alone on an analog based game with a medieval theme, but with orcs, elves, etc.
●Game Balancing - Created mechanics/abilities/characters and balancing has been done to create a small, but fun card game.
●Game Design Documentation has also been made before development began.

Education

Full Sail University
Bachelor’s Degree in Game Design
(August 2015 – May 2018)

Achievements:
●I am part of the NSCS and ISLP (Honor Societies) due to having a GPA of 3.5 and higher while attending online at Full Sail University.

Employment History

Cashier & Cook, Tropical Delights, Locust Grove, GA
Family Owned Business
(June 2011 – May 2015)

Hobbies & Interests

●Started familiarizing myself with UE4 with itself Blueprinting and C++, Blender, and the ways of VR/AR after graduating.
●Started getting into Mobile App Development programs like Android Studio and Xcode.
●I love to keep in touch on what’s coming next in the mobile game industry and as well as the trends. I love mobile app games and their potential that they hold in the near future!
●I love learning new languages. So far, I’m learning French and Japanese.
●I love challenging myself by either working on something new for the first time or looking up hard designs to make, whether it’s on a 3D Game Engine or Editor such as Unity and Blender.
Contact this candidate