Ali Kutluozen - Mobile: 516-***-**** E-Mail: aczkf1@r.postjobfree.com Portfolio: www.alikutluozen.com SKILLS
Programming: Proficiency in
JavaScript with jQuery and
AngularJS frameworks, HTML5
with CSS3 and Bootstrap,
working knowledge in Node.js,
PHP, Java, C++, C, C#, and
MySQL.
Game Engines: Working
knowledge in Unity 3D, Game
Maker Studio, familiar with
Allegro and SDL Libraries in C++.
2D/3D Graphics: Working
knowledge in Blender 3D, True
Space 3D, GIMP, Photoshop,
Illustrator, Premiere Pro, Flash.
SUMMARY
With proficient working knowledge of both front-end and back-end web technologies, I am looking to further develop in the field to excel in software development. My creative, artistic, curious, and problem solving character is an asset to any professional work place. Along with technical skills and knowledge I have obtained through my education and work experience, I would like to contribute to the work environment and the future of technology on a global scale. EXPERIENCE
Software Engineering Internship – ClearVision Optical Hauppauge, New York (2016-Present)
Develop full-stack internal web applications using PHP, MySQL, and JavaScript.
Create interactive, responsive, and smooth user interfaces for maximum user experience using jQuery and AngularJS.
Develop mobile games for client companies using JavaScript with Adobe PhoneGap. Projects
Red’s Adventure (HTML5, Android, and iOS): JavaScript and PHP based 2D side-scrolling game developed commercially for Dilli Dalli Pediatric Eyewear. The game has also been featured at Vision Expo East – New York, March 2017 for people to play and increase awareness of the brand.
Simple Bug Tracker: Using AngularJS and Firebase NoSQL database, created a bug tracker web application for companywide testing phase of our game.
Portal CMS: With jQuery UI, created a user-friendly drag-n-drop interface for internal applications to be used by nationwide sales representatives. Using PHP in the back-end, created a content management system for IT team to be able add, update, and publish new applications.
Website Content and Data Management – Weiner Music Mineola, New York (2014-2016)
Increase online shopping experience by keeping JavaScript, HTML5, CSS3 codes up to date.
Maintain Mail Order Management (M.O.M.) system, update store content.
Create listings and process images of items in GIMP 2.0 for Amazon and eBay. Junior Web Developer – Gizlen Media New Jersey, New York City Area (2014-2016)
Customize and create PHP, HTML/CSS codes on WordPress
Design logos, icons, and various graphics for websites in Photoshop and Illustrator CS6 and edit videos on Premiere Pro CS6.
Freelance Web and Game Developer
Please visit www.alikutluozen.com to browse more of my personal and commercial projects. EDUCATION
SUNY College at Old Westbury Old Westbury, New York (Graduation: Spring 2017) Degree & Major: Bachelor of Science in Computer and Information Science GPA: 3.38
Founder and former president of Old Westbury Music Club
Leadership Development Certificate Program Bronze Level Completion
Note taker for disabled students
Dean's List - Spring 2016, Fall 2016
VOLUNTEER
Junior Achievement USA
Taught courses to 3rd graders
about basic math, cities, taxes,
banking, and communities as a
voluntary teacher.
PERSONAL INTERESTS
Music: Composing, producing,
and performing in styles of rock
and blues.
Arts: Drawing 2D/3D characters,
objects, and landscapes to use
in my personal projects.
Sports: Practicing Wing Chun
Kung Fu and Baguazhang.
ALI KUTLUOZEN
Mobile: 516-***-**** Email: aczkf1@r.postjobfree.com Portfolio: www.alikutluozen.com
Contact this candidate