CORRIN OFFENHOLLEY
Game Developer
917-***-**** ad1jgy@r.postjobfree.com
https://www.linkedin.com/in/corrin-offenholley/

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Smart, detail oriented, mission driven College Educated Game Developer with 4 years’ experience developing software. Lead scripter for multiple award-winning games, teaching middle schoolers concepts ranging from math to history. Affinity for all aspects of game development, ranging from gameplay mechanics to code implementation. Talent for collaboration, with an understanding of good communication and a love for helping team members solve problems.

Talented Game Developer Good Communication Skills Creative Problem Solver
Calm, Professional Demeanor Good Logical Skills Good at Fault Analysis and Future Proofing
Strong Familiarity with Agile and Iterative Development Sharp Analytical Mind

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Electric Funstuff New York, NY 2019 -2022
Game Developer
Lead scripter for remasters of four different games in the Mission US series, each requiring the creation and verification of complex game logic from scratch. Used analytical and collaborative skills to complete projects on time and feature-complete.
Used knowledge of version control to resolve technical issues preventing the entire office from working, clearing a workflow jam and ensuring it could not happen again
Worked on every entry in the award-winning Mission US series, in tasks ranging from simple QA to complex software design. (https://www.mission-us.org/play/)
ACCOMPLISHMENTS.
Launched several titles with no ongoing issues after launch.
Identified and fixed several technical issues that were causing office-wide delays and roadblocks
Published game "Mission 7: Prisoner in My Homeland" was awarded 2021 Japan Prize for Best Work in the Digital Media Division and 2021 International Serious Play Awards: Gold Medal – K-12 Education Category

Game Q/A Tester Summer Internships 2017 / 2018
Worked with the development team to get bugs fixed
Reported on bugs including communicating across multiple departments on issues and their status
Worked on balancing and feedback, making sure each game mode’s difficulty was challenging and interesting
Reported on testing and QA activities to the leadership in weekly production meetings
ACCOMPLISHMENT. Promoted to Game Developer immediately upon graduating from College.

EDUCATION

BA in Computer Science and Game Design Hampshire College 2019
Learned iterative game design, programming in C# and Unity. Developed and programmed a game as a solo developer. Developed and programmed a game released to the app store in a collaborative project with other students. Learned principles of software development, from future-proofing to consistent documentation to code review.

Amazon re/Start On-Line Training Per Scholas 2023
Technical Competencies Covered - Amazon Web Services Certified Cloud Practitioner, with a wide variety of proficiencies, ranging from networking protocols, to ec2 deployment, to managing security of a live application.

TECHNICAL SKILLS

Unity: 4 years' experience
Git and Version Control: 4 years' experience
C# and object-oriented programming: 4 years' experience
Python: 3 years’ experience
Software QA: 4 years' experience
Scripting: 3 years' experience
Contact this candidate