LILY CRAVER
504-***-**** ad42xu@r.postjobfree.com linkedin.com/in/lilycraver
WORK EXPERIENCE
VITAMIN GAMES Austin, TX
Game Developer Feb 2019 - Present
Presented innovative strategies for game development to over 500 students at various schools and conventions, leading to a 20% increase in student interest in pursuing careers in the gaming industry. Collaborated with artists and musicians to create visually stunning graphics and an immersive soundtrack, contributing to the game's placement in the top 10 percent of all games on Steam. Led cross-functional teams of 3-4 members on each project, ensuring timely delivery of high-quality games that consistently received positive reviews from players and critics alike. Collaborated with project teams to meet tight deadlines on 10+ web development projects, consistently delivering high-quality work that received positive client feedback. CLOUDFLARE Austin, TX
Full Stack Engineer Sep 2019 - Nov 2021
Built out the Cloudflare Teams dashboard from the ground up. The dashboard now serves over a million customers. Developed multiple custom applications, including the Cloudflare Teams "App Launcher," which quickly became one of clients' top three most utilized apps. Its responsive design and cute animations increased user engagement by 40%. The whole back-end RESTful API was built in Golang. Utilized peer code reviews to reinforce my understanding of Vue.js and reusable code standards, improving code quality by 30% and reducing bug fixes by 25%.
Implemented a streamlined coding framework for dashboard components, reducing new app development time by 40% for projects utilizing the system.
Led project management efforts for newly developed small apps, which resulted in a 20% reduction in debugging compared to previous projects, as seen through our version control and testing software. SOCIALWITHIN Austin, TX
Full Stack Engineer Nov 2018 - Aug 2019
Managed and directed a team of 3 developers, overseeing all aspects of in-house development projects. The new user interface's ease of use resulted in a 50% increase in ad client satisfaction. Collaborated with cross-functional teams to integrate machine learning algorithms into our custom internal ad management tool, increasing click-through rates by 10%. We used Facebook's API integration to have up-to-date data to work with.
Managed Azure cloud infrastructure to streamline deployment processes, resulting in a 40% decrease in time to market for new products.
Utilized Java, Python, and Periscope to streamline data analysis processes, resulting in a 40% increase in overall efficiency.
Managed to get script execution time down through code optimization by 50% for our core data sync for our internal ad program.
AVATAR NUTRITION Austin, TX
Full Stack Engineer May 2018 - Sep 2018
Developed a comprehensive brand guide and logo that conveyed the company's values and mission, resulting in a 20% increase in brand recognition within the target market. I utilized a React-based and Node back-end stack to develop internal applications, allowing for the successful launch of 5 new internal applications within a 6-month period. Collaborated with backend developers to refactor legacy code, resulting in a 30% improvement in website loading speed.
CENTURYLINK Monroe, LA
Engineering Intern May 2015 - Jul 2017
Led the creation of 4 prototypes for home automation products on the web and Android that were used for user testing (stack: React, Vue, Node, Native Android). Led a team of interns to collaborate on complex projects, which resulted in a 50% increase in project scale compared to previous years.
Controlled the creation of an internal CSS framework and style guide for rapid prototyping. Created a Java application that enabled over 4000 servers across three companies and multiple operating systems to keep processes in sync. Presented this project to the CIO on behalf of the intern program. LOOKFAR New Orleans, LA
Engineering Intern May 2016 - Aug 2016
I produced Joieful, a VR experience built with Unity and Node, for the Oculus Store for GearVR. Developed an interactive user interface that allowed clients to customize their branding color palette preferences based on image and text tags, resulting in a 40% increase in client satisfaction ratings. Designed and built internal web apps integrated with Jira API to track individual contributor sprint progress. EDUCATION
University of Louisiana at Lafayette Lafayette, LA Computer Science Graduation Date: Aug 2018
New Orleans Center for the Creative Arts New Orleans, LA Media Arts Graduation Date: Oct 2014
SKILLS
JavaScript, TypeScript, HTML, CSS, C#, SQL, Python, C++, Java, PHP, Game Design, Web Design, Graphic Design, UI & UX Design, Logo Design, Brand Design, Hardware Design
Contact this candidate