Tanner L. D. Polak
- **** Woodstock Avenue, Anniston, Alabama ( 256-***-**** * adaak5@r.postjobfree.com portfolio: https://www.behance.net/tannerpolak

Objective Summary
Recent college graduate poised for contribution in a collaborative environment for high quality work product, to develop and improve processes and procedures, to continue to build my education and experience knowledge base and to reach professional solutions.

Projects:
FPS Game: Sc-fi game I created with a team of four students. I was the level designer in the group. This game is about a virus outbreak in a computer system where you must kill the virus’s and save the AI in the game. Once you complete the task then you fight the boss and win the game. It has elevators, teleporters, stairs, jump pads, ammo, armor, health, and different types of AI.

Paintball Game: Basic paintball game where the player can shoot paintballs at pillars to show up, he can also use Q and E to change the texture of the pillars.

Ice Tower:3D model of an ice tower that I intend to use in a possible game whether it’s a tower defense or fantasy game.

Web Ad: I created a web ad in Adobe Photoshop that links to my local dentist. It shows a picture and pans words in to “woo” in people to click the ad to go to his yelp page.

Technical Proficiencies and Related Tools
Unreal Engine 4, Maya, Autodesk 3ds Max, Adobe Photoshop, Adobe Premiere Pro, Adobe Illustrator, C++ and C#, Java Programming, Web Designing, Hardware and Software Tools, Database Management, Introduction to Networking, Microsoft Office Visio, MS Visual Studio 2012 and 2015, SQL Server Management 2014, Microsoft Access Database Management, Oracle XE, Atlassian Jira, Atlassian Confluence, Flow charts, Eclipse, Entity Relationship Diagrams, Oral and Written Communication, HTML, Time Management

Skill Level – 4+ years extensive learning with school and side projects at a high proficiency level.

Personal Characteristics
Quick Learner, Problem Solver, Creative Thinker, Motivated Contributor, Community Minded, Adventurous Spirit

Relevant Experience
FEMA September 2017 – Present
Database Management and Role Player/Actor
Maintain and continue to expand the FEMA database for Quality of Life and training resources.
Assist in real-life scenario training of doctors, nurses, first responders, hazmat operators and similar participants.
Participate in the simulation cell which automates mannequins as victims in the real-life scenario training sessions.
Creative collaboration with moulage/make-up team to portray a realistic environment and presentation.

Infinity Insurance Company Summer 2016
IT Intern
Developed flowcharts, created diagrams and collaborated with multiple projects in contributing ideas and providing functional support.
Assisted in building a program to create employee name tags.

Kohl’s September 2016 – January 2017
Seasonal Retail Associate
Coordinated packaging and shipping of merchandise for excellent customer service experiences.
Provided technology support on POS system, shipping software and networking as needed.
Encouraged teamwork with and among fellow associates.
Education
Southern New Hampshire University June 2019
Bachelor of Science Game Programming and Development GPA: 3.601

Jefferson State Community College May 2017
Associate Degree in Applied Science in Computer Programming
Contact this candidate