Ashutosh Aryal’s Personal Resume
Email: adiat9@r.postjobfree.com Phone Number: (213) 2É4 - 6É23 Address: 3521 S Budlong Avenue, Los Angeles, CA Ê000È LinkedIn: www.linkedin.com/in/ashutosh-aryal-3356b3152/GitHub: www.github.com/Ashutosh-Aryal/ EDUCATION
B.S. in Computer Science (Games) w/ Minor in Business Unipersijs of Sokjhern California ¥Los Angeles CA January ÃÁÂÉ – current (expected graduation in May ÃÁÃÂ) GPA:Ä.Æ
Relevant Courses:
Â. ITP ÄÉÁ - Video Game Development: Developed ÃD ÄD games such as Pac-Man, Zelda, and Mario Kart in CÛÛ w/SDL library
Ã. CTIN ÅÉÅ/ÅÉÊ - Intermediate Game Design Development: Applied fundamental components of game design to make computer games in Unity Ä. ITP ÅÉÆ - Programming Game Engines: Engine subsystems including rendering, audio, collision, physics, and game world models in CÛÛ.
Å. CSCI ÅÊÂaL - Advanced Games Project (AGP) Course: Joined a team game project (w/ over ÃÁÛ people) to be released publicly by the end of ÃÁÃÂ spring sem. Joined as audio lead/gameplay programmer using FMOD as middleware Unreal for the engine.
Thomas Jefferson High School for Science and Technology STEM Orienjed Magnej School ¥Alerandria VA
September ÃÁÂÄ - June ÃÁÂÈ
GPA:Å.Ä
Relevant Courses:
Â. Computer Vision Â Ã: Created ÃD ÄD animations utilizing concepts such as ray-tracing combined with parallel computing optimization for improved image/video generation in CÛÛ.
Ã. Artificial Intelligence Â Ã: Course in Python with assignments pertaining to a multitude of algorithms such as A-star, neural networks, and minimax algorithms. Analyzed these algorithms to make AI for chess, Othello, and other ÃD games.
WORK EXPERIENCE PERSONAL ASSESSMENT OF SKILLS
TA for ITP 4É5
USC ¥Los Angeles CA
August ÃÁÃÁ - Current
Ɣ Graded lab and in-class assignments of students
Ɣ Held office hours to answer programming questions in CÛÛ w/ DirectX iOS Front End Intern
Ice Hokse Corp ¥Jakarja Indonesia
August ÃÁÂÈ - December ÃÁÂÈ
Ɣ Coded and helped design pages (e.g., registration, booking, profile), reusable UI components (text fields and buttons), and other functionality for “My Blue Bird Taxi” application (https://apps.apple.com/us/app/my-blue-bird-taxi/idÅÈÇÆÄÄÃÇÂ) on iOS App Store
Ɣ Learned ( ingrained) the vital importance of clean unambiguous code, this is when I would say I started to become a good programmer Ɣ Entered with no experience in Swift, left proficient Ɣ Learned how to properly and independently apply development skills learned in education in a real-world
Ɣ Furthered database management knowledge with MySQL Firebase usage in application
Web Development Intern
Makkra Creajions ¥Kajhmandk Nepal
June ÃÁÂÇ - August ÃÁÂÇ
Ɣ Coded and designed both front and back-end aspects of the home pages for royalbigmaster.com nepaltraveladventure.com in HTML/CSS, JavaScript, and PHP
Ɣ Worked in a Waterfall context with a small tight-knit community of web developers and designers
● Pro Highls Proficient Depeloper Vers Fast Learner
ÉÛ years of programming experience. It took me five years of programming before I finally considered myself a proficient programmer. StackOverflow has saved me more times than I can count.
Quick to understand pre-existing file structures/organization adjust to coding styles/rules accordingly
The hundreds (if not thousands) of different bugs I’ve learned to debug have made me fairly competent as a debugger.
● Pro Passion Rooted In Lope for Learning Creating Problem Solping
The HS I attended was a highly rigorous school with incredibly intelligent students consistently stable yearly dropout rate
(dropout from magnet school to base/normal school in the student’s county). Although many students (un-)lovingly would refer to the school as a giant pressure cooker, those who remained did so because of a deep love of learning an intense desire to be better which trumped the constant anxiety the school made sure to embed in students at some point.
● Pro Personable Motipated Team Plaser
I have yet to encounter a situation in which the attitude one decides to take doesn’t inform the outcome of a situation. As such, I recognize the importance of maintaining healthy workplace relationships with all colleagues w/ an emphasis on display empathy remaining open-minded.
● Con Susceptible To Burnout
While I typically tend to thrive in stressful situations, when a consistently rigorous workload is combined with an isolated work environment over a long period of time, there is a risk of burnout. While only one instance of such a behavior as occurred in my past, I have already adapted to this realization in how I manage myself with my workload. Regardless, such personal issues still have yet to overtake any obligations and/or miss set deadlines. SKILLS PROJECTS
Known Programming Languages:
Ɣ C, CÛÛ, C, Python, Java, Swift, JavaScript
Known Game Engines:
Ɣ Unity, Unreal Engine Å
Other Skills:
Ɣ Highly proficient with git Perforce
Ɣ Experience with Jira in Scrum work environment
Ɣ ÂÁÛ years of musical experience (guitar piano)
(In Progress) AGP USC Games Project in Unreal Engine September ÃÁÃÁ - Present
Ɣ Joined project as the audio lead/gameplay programmer - using FMOD in conjunction w UEÅ to connect audio
Various Weekly Prototypes in Unity
September ÃÁÃÁ - Present
Ɣ See GitHub link at top for my public repos projects created. Each prototype had a different theme/topic for the week which informed the needed mechanics
general design direction of the game
Multi-Threaded Super Smash Bros-Type Game
May ÃÁÂÊ
Ɣ Used Java and the JavaFX library to create a local Smash Bros-type game
Contact this candidate