Joshua D.
Nguyen
DevOps Support Analyst
Software Developer
Personal Info
E-mail
adii09@r.postjobfree.com
GitHub
https://github.com/ReckoningHero
WWW
http://www.twinb0rnsoft.com
LinkedIn
https://www.linkedin.com/in/joshuangu
yensoft1995/
Skills
C++, C#,.NET Development, Java,
SQL, and Python
(Application/Software
Development)
Unreal Engine 4, Unity, 3D
Max/Maya (Game Development and
3D Modeling)
Jekyll, JavaScript, HTML5, and
CSS3 (Web Development)
Scrum, Agile Methodology,
Communication, Jira, Confluence
(Team Collaboration)
Portfolio
Arduino Unity Project: Educate
users to learn the basics of Arduino in
a short span of time with Unity3D. •
TEAM PROJECT: Credit for First
person mechanism and Room
scene(Physics, Tables, and player’s
movement)
https://www.twinb0rnsoft.com/Portf
olio/
Experience
2020-02 -
2020-11
DevOps Support Analyst/Jr. Software Developer
Cornerstone Home Lending
Providing support and assistance for key Tools and Services used by Software Developers, Testers and Operations to drive cross-team efficiencies.
•
• Provide support to incident escalation queue.
• Manage initiative tasks assigned in Jira.
Work within Visual Studio IDE and the source code repository for better quality and stability for production.
•
Establish SQL query in Microsoft SQL Server Management Studio to update and delete records when needed in support tickets.
•
Provide feedback and necessary support on the software development process from other team members.
•
Perform configuration & nonfunctional changes from other non-technical team members.
•
• Plan and undertake scheduled maintenance activities (Quality of Life). 2018-10 -
2018-11
Web Developer Intern
Fruition Technology Labs
• Build a home page website using the latest web technology such as HTML5, CSS3, and JavaScript.
• Collaborate with other non-programmers and marketing team to get customers to attract to our website.
2017-09 -
2017-12
Software Developer Intern
White Code Labs
• Programming C# .NET Projects and Apps for clients’ needed expectations
• Perform software testing in case of debugging and errors.
• Using the latest software tools such as Docker and Visual Studios 2017 to maintain containers to clients and compile unique software.
• Assist and self-reliant in performing tasks and learning new soft skills on the job. Education
2019-12 University of Houston Victoria (Katy Campus), Bachelor of Science in Computer Science
Katy, Texas
• Graduated in the Fall of 2019 (December 14th 2019)
Contact this candidate