Matthew Zhang
925-***-**** adjj6u@r.postjobfree.com www.linkedin.com/in/matthew-zh www.github.com/mtz99/

Business/Data Analytics student currently pursuing a career in software development and information systems management. Consistent, dependable, and driven in all areas of technical development. Developer engaged in multiple projects that include web, mobile, and game development.

WORK EXPERIENCE
Gameheads, Oakland, CA
Programmer for “Confined Indorms” June 2020 – Dec 2020
Lead programmer for “Confined Indorms”, a game about a college freshman having to deal with quarantine during a pandemic.
Coded the player tasks mechanic, stats/points manager, day system, and UI in C# and Unity.
Worked with the game designer and another programmer to help blueprint the stats/points manager, day system, and buffs system.
Created and helped the team stay on a merge-based workflow via Git.
Programmer/Level Designer for “HighSidin’” June 2019 - Dec 2019
Utilized Unity and C# to develop a game about Oakland’s car culture called “HighSidin”. Programmed the scoring mechanic, points, UI and menus.
Presented and showcased at three different industry events including the “Independent Games Festival” and “Day of the Devs” which was also featured on ABC7 News.
Used Agile and SCRUM techniques to manage workflow and responsibilities.
Shanda Corporation Limited, Shanghai, China
Intern June - August 2016
Utilized MySQL to design and build a newer, more efficient database to collect employee names and their clock-in/clock-out times.

EDUCATION
Saint Mary’s College of California, Moraga, CA Expected May 2021
BS Business/Data Analytics, Minor in Computer Science

Relevant Coursework: Object Oriented Programming • Algorithms and Data Structures • Computer Information Theory • Quantitative Analysis • Bus. Intelligence & Visualization

PROJECTS
GaelPantry Ordering Web App February 2020-Present
Developing for St. Mary’s student pantry using HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and Python.
App will let students reserve food/pantry items ahead of time, reducing wait times and allowing easy pick-up service.

SKILLS
Programming Languages:
Proficient: Python
Familiar: C#, JavaScript, R, Java
Technologies: Unity, Visual Studio, Git, HTML, CSS, Excel, Tableau, MySQL, AWS, Docker, Nmap, SSH
Project Management: Agile, SCRUM, Trello
Operating Systems: Windows, MacOS, Linux, PowerShell, Terminal
Contact this candidate