KANAKADURGA KANDREGULA
Email : adkgbl@r.postjobfree.com
Phone : +91-970*******
Objective:
To work on challenging environments which helps to me enhance my knowledge and provide me exciting opportunities for utilizing my skills and experience to produce result fidelity. Education:
Degree/Examination University/School Board Year of Passing CGPA B.Tech
(Computer Science
Engineering)
RGUKT, R.K.Valley RGUKT, Rk Valley 2018
8.99
Pre University Course RGUKT, R.K.Valley RGUKT,Rk Valley 2014 7.59 S.S.C Government high
school
State Board 2012 9.50
Knowledge and Skills:
Programming Languages: C, Java, C#.
Scripting Languages : HTML.
Database Technologies : MY SQL.
Operating Systems : Linux/Unix, Windows.
Other Skills : Unity3D, Visual Studio
Projects:
MAIN PROJECT(Longterm Intership)
Title : Ultimate Cricket Champion
Team Size : 3
Role : Game Developer & User Interface creation.
Summary : Ultimate Cricket Champion game is unity based project. It is flexible and very easy to development. It is portrit game. In this game playing by using cards.The cards are common, uncommon, rare, epic, legendary. At a time two members are connect the game one person is batting other one bowling.Depending on score the cards are updated. Some times in this game tournaments are also there.In this game by using MVC Architecture. OTHER PROJECT-1
Title : Cricket Stars Game.
Team Size : 3
Role : Game Developer & User Interface creation.
Summary :It is same as the Ultimate Cricket Champion game. But in this game we are added some features like Teams functionality such as team to team fight we have. There we have team tournaments at particular time .Winner team got special rewards. OTHER PROJECT-2
Title : Fighting Game.
Team Size : 3
Role : Game Developer & User Interface creation.
Summary : Fighting game is unity 3D project. It is landscape game. Players will be able to challenge other players for intense multiplayer fights to further best their skills and climb the ranks. Fighter with full 3D movement and a focus on one on one combat & in this we are using photon is for networking. The Game is aimed to run on Mobile Devices. Above three games gamesparks server we used. By using api key we connect the client to server.
I have 2 years experience in Unity game developing .
I having knowledge of Unity, C# and performance optimization for mobile development.
I learned Build app from the ground up for Android and Desktop using Unity and C#.
I know about some aspects of game technology development, such as assects, UI,animations, particle effects,physics, materials and tools.
Achievements:
I got Mandal Second Rank in SSC exams.
Secured Scholarship in the ‘NATIONAL MEANS-CUM-MERIT SCHOLORSHIP’ examination in the year of 2011.
Extra-Curricular/Co-Circular Activities:
I served as a volunteer for ABHIYANTH 2K17 in Events.
I worked as Teaching Assistant in my college.
Personal Skills:
Confidence.
Hardworking.
Positive attitude.
Flexibility and Adaptability to work in any environment. Personal Information:
Name : KanakaDurga Kandregula
Father’s Name : SatyaNarayana K
Mother's Name : VenkataLakshmi K
Date Of Birth : 11-06-1996
Languages Known : Telugu, English
Residential Address : Ilapakurru (Village),
Yelamanchili (Mandal),
West Godavari (District),
Pin Code : 534266.
Declaration:
I hereby declare that all the facts stated above are all true to the best of my knowledge and belief. Signature
Kanaka Durga.
Contact this candidate