EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
•Professional experienced with over 10-year in Business Process Management (BPM) and Automation, Business Intelligence (BI) Technology, Dashboard, Reporting and Data Analysis.
•Versatile in Development and Implementation of Complex Business Data Analytics models on Key Performance Indicators (KPI) of Business Units, Business Force Incentive Plans and Profitability.
•Proactive person in identification of business information needs to support the analysis of process gaps and defects, with deductive and inductive reasoning. Attention to detail during gathering and analysis of process information and procedures, evaluating past trends, current conditions and deep dive break downing of data, communicating conclusions and recommendations to senior management.
•Creative in design and developing methodology or methodological framework for project management. Focused in achievements of business goals and objectives to satisfy needs, with high quality, timely and with problem-solving initiative with a sense of urgency.
•Hands-on experience in different phases of System Development Lifecycle (SDLC): Systems Analysis, Requirements Definition, Systems Design, Development, Integration and Testing, Acceptance, Installation, Deployment, and Post-Implementation Support of technological solutions as: BPM Workflow, Business System and Database Applications, Dashboard and Report Services.
•Coaching to each project team member to develop an outstanding professional performance with strong work ethic, collaboration and innovative mindset.
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
AMERICAN EXPRESS, SUNRISE, FL JUN 2016 – PRESENT
Business Analyst (Contractor)
Gather information on process problems or procedures. Document findings of study and prepare recommendations for implementation of new systems or procedures. Confer with personnel concerned to ensure successful functioning of new implementation of systems or procedures.
Interview personnel and conduct on-site observation to ascertain unit functions, work performed, and methods, equipment, and personnel used.
Prepare User Training Material and procedures, and train workers in use of new forms, reports, procedures or equipment, according to standardized process across the worldwide markets
Generate KPIs, standard or custom reports summarizing business, financial, or economic data for review by executives, managers, clients, and other stakeholders.
Monitor or track project milestones and deliverables. Prepare project status reports by collecting, analyzing, and summarizing information and trends. Lead or coordinate activities of project personnel.
PRIMERICA FINANCIAL SERVICES, MIAMI, FL OCT 2014 – MAR 2016
Office Manager / Business Analyst
Gather client’s information to develop a Financial Plan with advice on Cash Management, Insurance Coverage, or other areas to help them achieve their financial goals.
Development of clientele by networking to find new prospective clients. Coordinate client appreciation events.
Reinforce and maintain compliance requirements, ensuring life insurance policy requirements are fulfilled, including all medical examinations, and the completion of appropriate forms as well. Training new agents in their learning of business and certifications. Follow up, support and guide with agents’ transactions.
Interpret data using statistical techniques and provide ongoing reports. Compile and validate data. Develop and initiate efficient data collection procedures.
Provide input into developing, modifying and set up systems. Document user instruction manual. Liaise between business and technical personnel to ensure a mutual understanding of processes and applications.
ROYAL CARIBBEAN CRUISES LTD, MIAMI, FL OCT 2014 – FEB 2015
Data Analyst (Contractor)
Identify user’s requirements, develop suggestions to meet reporting needs and ensure it meets user’s needs. Translate business needs to program and data modeling.
Respond to ad-hoc data and analysis needs while supporting various projects. Monitor to daily report deliveries to guarantee the on-time delivery, and correct any issue.
Create queries and database objects: Tables, Views, Index, Procedure, Triggers, and others.
Assist in developing, implementing and maintaining revenue management systems, Business Intelligence reporting and user tools. Update current data modeling and PL/SQL coding techniques for changing business patterns.
PVH CORP. TOMMY HILFIGER STORE, SUNRISE, FL APR 2013 – SEP 2014
Lead Sales Associate
Create an outstanding buying experience for the customer. Maintain store appearance and merchandising standards, product presentation, inventory control, identify need of merchandise to warehouse, updating prices and employee training. Work with store management in opening, closing and operating the retail facility, including but not limited to cash handling and deposits as governed by operations control standards.
Working with store management team to plan and execute on development and business plan.
Analyze and suggest improvements on replenishment process. Adhere to all Company policies and procedures and carry out additional duties when and where necessary within the defined levels of responsibility and accountability for their role.
ARIETE MANAGEMENT GROUP CORP., WESTON, FL JAN 2011 – MAR 2013
IT Support Specialist
Design and develop company web site.
Managing E-commerce site - update product descriptions, add new products and photos. Develop data maintenance and data quality activities of inventory products on Internet.
Develop system information and database apps (data entry, dashboard, and report) to manage control inventory, reviewing orders and printouts to ensure completeness and accuracy, dispatching orders, tracking shipments of delivery, tracking customer relationship and employee schedule. Develop reports/queries on real estate listing data to identify opportunities of investments for clients in buying or renting properties.
Perform user support technical and training.
GPROTEC, CARACAS, VEN FEB 2011 – AUG 2011
Software Quality Assurance Consultant
Design, develop and implementation of quality tools software on system functioning to verify correct operations and detect errors, and data quality. Provide users training.
Interpret user requirements into technical specifications to customize new software.
Document different manuals: Technical Requirements Manual and User Manual.
BFC, BANCO FONDO COMUN, CARACAS, VEN JUN 2001 – OCT 2010
Business Intelligence Analyst / Developer Jun 2002 – Oct 2010
Design, develop and implement Business Intelligence and Reporting Services infrastructure and assist during deployment and post-implementation support. Provide training to users about catalog of reports and BI Platform (Interactive Reports, Dashboards, Portal WEB, Data mining, others).
Design, develop, administer, calculate and deliver report of Business Process Analysis on Performance of Business Units, Incentive Plans results and main KPIs.
Hands-on experience with analysis, design, build, testing, data quality, documentation and technical support of relational databases, data warehouses and data marts.
Develop and maintain stored procedures, triggers, and packages using T-SQL. Perform SQL data import/export processes to new database structure using DTS/ETL.
Administrating and developing database analytical tools including database app, data mapping, metadata configuration, creation of data mining, creating data reports and data visualization software.
Business Systems Analyst Jun 2001 – May 2002
Design, develop, administer, calculate and deliver report of Business Process Data Analysis on Performance of Business Units, Incentive Plans results and main KPIs. Evaluate business processes by tracking, trending and analyzing work processes and data. Sustain and improve business processes through automation techniques.
Supervise, coordinate and define technical plan of IT projects.
Hands-on experience with the design, coding, testing, documentation, deployment and post-implementation support of technological solutions.
Develop and maintain stored procedures, triggers, functions, views, tables, and indexes. Perform SQL data import/export processes.
Perform queries and reports on technology platforms development, such as: Workflow, Business Intelligence, Document Management, Internet Banking and others.
Provide technical support and training to users. Liaison with IT Department and IT providers.
M & B SOLUTION, CARACAS, VEN MAR 1996 – MAY 2001
Oracle Developer
Supervise, coordinate and perform technical activities: Design, develop and deploy integrated automated business processes with Workflow Platforms Technology.
Hands-on experience with the analysis, design, coding, testing, documentation, deployment and post-implementation support of technological solutions.
Develop and maintain stored procedures, triggers, functions, views, tables, and indexes.
Develop prototyping solutions for Pre-sales activities.
Provide technical support, training to users, setting up and maintenance of system parameters and user access.
EDUCATION
B.S. in Computer Engineering. Universidad Rafael Urdaneta, Maracaibo, VEN., 1994.
Associate in Business Administration, Broward College, Fort Lauderdale, FL.
TECHNICAL AND LANGUAGE SKILLS
Bilingual Spanish - English
Microsoft Office: Excel (VBA Macros, Pivot Tables, Advanced Formulas), Project, PowerPoint, Word, Outlook, Publisher, Visio, InfoPath, Access (Queries, Reports, Forms, Macros)
BPM- Workflow Technology
Business Intelligence: Hyperion Interactive Report, Data Warehousing, Data Mart. Tableau User, Brio
RDBMS Platforms, Tools and programming: Oracle, SQL Server 2002, Informix. Oracle PL/SQL, Oracle Forms and Reports, TOAD, SQL Server T- SQL, SSMS, DTS, SQL
Other Applications: GRIP, Email Desk, ECCO portal, Google Sites, WIX, MLX System, EBAY Website, Amazon Website, SABRE, DocPath 1.0.
CERTIFICATION & LICENSURE
Ontological Business Coach Certification, Caracas, VEN., 1999.
Life include Variable Annuity - 0214. License Number: W259780. Florida, USA, 2015.
EXTRA CURRICULAR ACTIVITIES
St. Mark “The Evangelist" Catholic Church, Sale Replenishment Volunteer, Southwest Ranches, FL.
The Schott Communities, Caregiver Volunteer, Southwest Ranches, FL.
Feeding South Florida, Volunteer, Pembroke Park, FL
Contact this candidate