Deborah Long Chambers Page -
Resume
DEBORAH LONG CHAMBERS
***** **** **** ****. #**** Farmers Branch, TX 75234
972-***-**** abych7@r.postjobfree.com

Business Systems Analyst specializing in process improvement with a solid background in data analysis, data conversions, and system integration increasing system performance while improving business work flow. Experienced in Software Development Life Cycles utilizing Agile methodology. Excellent writing and editing skills, with a solid background in QA testing and user documentation. Thrive in an environment that requires productive collaborative efforts utilizing the Scrum management framework. Personal attributes include strong organizational skills and a positive attitude.

EXPERIENCE

Hilton Worldwide January 2013 - May 2013
Hilton Reservations Specialist Work from home providing customer support and handling inbound calls to the Hilton Worldwide reservations desk.

Designs for Living Comfortably Aromatherapy 2010 - present
Owner Develop and market therapeutic aromatherapy formulas. Host weekly Blog Talk Radio show focusing on aromatherapy and natural approaches. Maintain company web site and produce monthly newsletter.
Consultant Positions July 1996 to 2010

City of Dallas 2008 - 2010
Successfully completed 3-1-1 Call Center training for the City of Dallas non-emergency City Services
departments. Assisted management by providing Call Center statistics through data analysis and innovative
reporting techniques.
Call Center Supervisor
1. Managed call center for OneDAY Dallas campaign
2. Responsible for time reporting, agent evaluations, and general management of the call center and a staff of 10 call center agents
Strategic Customer Services Lead Agent
1. Provided leadership to customer service call agents, as well as handled escalated calls for the 3-1-1 call center
2. Developed statistical reports regarding call volume, type utilizing ORACLE database methodology

DFW Airport 2003 - 2008
Partnered with IBM and Siemens to perform testing and implementation of the Information Exchange
Mechanism (IEM) for flight schedule data of all incoming and outgoing airline carriers at DFW International
Airport. Project resulted in seamless transformation of data from multiple sources to unified platform for flight
information database.
Lead Analyst
1. Designed, developed, and executed test plans for the Information Exchange Mechanism (IEM) using Rational Test Manager software employing Black Box testing approach
2. Developed daily operating procedures
3. Monitored and maintained flight information database
4. Distributive processing on a UNIX platform
5. Reported directly to Project Manager

TXU Electric 2002 - 2003
Collaborated with IT management and SME's to define system requirements for the upgrade of Human
Resources applications. Served as lead analyst. Project was completed ahead of schedule and led to
subsequent long term project assignment.
Business Analyst
1. Designed and developed forms using the Tesseract Next Dimension Web product
2. Implemented the ’98 release of Tesseract software upgrade
3. Coded and tested benefits conversion system

Verizon Wireless 2001 - 2001
Coordinated and facilitated JAD sessions resulting in well defined requirements and successful test planning
and execution. Provided work flow and test scheduling for team of 5 developers.
Business Systems/QA Test Analyst
1. Managed a team of test case developers and testers
2. Developed and executed test cases for Inside Sales and Customer Care software
3. Tested Siebel software using Test Director
4. Coordinated QA testing with the company’s user community and a third party vendor (30% travel)

Southwest Airlines 1999 - 2001
Successfully completed training for Tesseract - a provider of mainframe-based HR, payroll and benefits
software operating in a diverse range of industries including utilities, transportation, manufacturing, and retail.
Programmer/Analyst
1. Coded, tested, and implemented the ’98 release upgrade for Tesseract
2. Responsible for coding, testing, and implementing the Y2K enhancements for Benefits, Profit Sharing, and Payroll applications

Sprint 1997 - 1998
Programmer/Analyst
1. Performed analysis, design, and coding for an Internet Trouble Ticket system
2. Responsible for the background code written in Natural/Adabas and COBOL

Associates Bancorp 1996 - 1997
Programmer/Analyst
1. Performed analysis, design and coding for auto, truck and equipment leasing batch and on-line applications
2. Responsible for the on-line delivery system
3. Designed and developed the automatic check handling system for the Canadian customers

Full-time Application Programming Positions June 1979 - December 1987

Programmer Analyst IV - Sprint - Dallas, TX December 1987 - August 1993
1. Worked in Invoice Processing System (IPS) organization on the VPN project (Release 9)
2. Lead Analyst for the TIPS and Outbound Interfaces applications
3. Supported the production Corporate Billing System

Senior Programmer/Analyst - National FSI - Dallas, TX May 1987 - December 1987
1. Software developer
2. Testing analyst

ADP Programmer III - TRE - Austin, TX March 1986 - May 1987
1. Developed State of TX employee benefit application programs
2. Executed testing and maintained documentation

Systems Engineering Instructor, Senior P/A September 1984 - March 1986
TCC Continuum Systems Research, Inc. - Austin, Texas
1. System design utilizing conceptual data modeling techniques
2. Benefits software development

Lead P/A - CIGNA Healthplan September 1982 - August 1984 Corporate Information Services - Dallas, TX
1. Supported Accounts Payable and Accounts Receivable applications
2. Responsible for maintaining documentation

P/A - Anderson-Clayton Corporation January 1982 - September 1982 Corporate Computer Center - Dallas, TX
1. Supported Accounts Payable and Accounts Receivable and HR applications
2. Responsible for maintaining documentation

Programming Consultant - Computer Controls, Inc. -Dallas, TX January 1981 - January 1982
1. Consultant to MOBIL oil corporation
2. Responsible for Oil Profit / Windfall Tax applications
3. P/A - Anderson-Clayton Corporation - Dallas, TX August 1980 - January 1981
1. Coded and tested Accounts Payable, Accounts Receivable, and HR application programs
2. Responsible for consolidation of system documentation

Programmer - Trainee - JC Penney Company June 1979 - August 1980
Regional Headquarters - Dallas, TX
1. Successfully completed programmer trainee program
2. Worked in code development for Accounts Payable and customer credit card processing systems

TECHNICAL EXPERIENCE

Hardware
IBM Mainframe, 386/486, Wang, DEC/VAX
Operating Systems
MVS/XA/ESA, DOS/VS/VSE, VM/CMS, VMS, PC/MS/DOS, OS/2,
Windows 95/98/2000/XP/Windows 7, UNIX
Languages
COBOL, COBOL II, JCL, CICS, and SQL
Software
DB2, IMS DB, VSAM, TSO, Panvalet, Roscoe, Librarian, Intertest, File-Aid, Abend-Aid, CA-7, SYNCSORT,
JES 2/3, CLIST, DYL 280, DYL 260, Easytrieve, Mark IV, MS Word, MS Excel, WordPerfect, Visio, Expeditor, Approach, MS/Office, PowerPoint, Siebel, Test Director, Tesseract Next Dimension Web (NDW), Rational Test Manager, Wiki-based Documentation, Microsoft Front Page, Microsoft Access, Oracle, Oracle Enterprise Manager.

EDUCATION

B.A., Biology, Hampton University, Hampton, VA.
Contact this candidate