Caitlin Amanda Hogan
Austin, Texas ***** 954-***-**** ac01fo@r.postjobfree.com www.linkedin.com/in/caitlin-a-hogan-a705b35b
Areas of Expertise
Data Analysis and Reporting
Data Structures
Training and Teaching
Project Management/Research
Business Processes/Procedures
Advanced Mathematics
Quality Assurance Initiatives
Risk Mitigation/Elimination
Statistical Analysis
EDUCATION
Bachelor of Science in Mathematics, Minor in Computer Science Florida International University, Miami, FL, 2016
AWARDS & DISTINCTIONS
Florida International University Merit-Based Grants – Undergraduate Tuition, Expenses, Room & Board, Florida Bright Futures Academic Merit Scholarship – Undergraduate Student Award for 100% Cost of Tuition, Hellenic Dance Festival Odyssey Scholarship – Photographer & Photo Book Designer, 100% Cost of Finances
Technical Proficiencies: Java, Excel, iWorks Suite, MS Office Suite (Word, PowerPoint, Outlook, Access), SQL, Visual Basic, LATEX, JavaScript, MATLAB, Mathematica, LC3 Assembly Language, Siebel, Clearinghouse, Open Tax Payables, OptIns, MART, RMB, MDocs, MS OneNote, SalesForce, Prolog, Adobe Photoshop, Connect Pro, Maple, Boot Camp, ProTools, Reaktor, Gmail, OSX, Microsoft, Linux and Unix Systems
EXPERIENCE HIGHLIGHTS
MARSH INSURANCE AGENCY, Austin, TX, 2017 – Present
Surplus Lines Operations Specialist
Obtain and maintain knowledge of surplus lines tax regulations in California, Oklahoma, Virginia, and Indiana. Regularly review compliance and quality assurance initiatives to ensure Marsh is operating with all regulatory guidelines.
Key Accomplishments:
Reduce processing time by 30-90 days, by standardizing processing procedures with the use of approved State forms.
Eliminate penalty fees by regularly reviewing Surplus Lines State Tax Refund Advances to clients. Collect overages and distribute underpayments to ensure invoice and OTP amounts match 100%.
Maximized complete filing of Surplus Lines affidavits within the specified period. Maintain records of submission. Submitted to state 7-31 days before deadline.

FLORIDA INTERNATIONAL UNIVERSITY – MATHEMATICS DEPARTMENT, Miami, FL, 2014 – 2016
University Tutor and Mentor – Center for Academic Success
Served as a Senior-level Tutor for courses including Topology, Abstract Algebra, Advanced Calculus, Functional Analysis, Graph Theory, Ordinary Differential Equations, etc. Provided dual tutoring with in-person and online options available to all students.
Key Accomplishments:
Introduced approximately 30 learning plans per semester that were customized to meet the goals/objectives of each student.
Contributed as a crucial team member in the development of specialized tutoring services and resources at the University. Accessible to students virtually 7 days a week.
Improved student performance by an average of 175% over their initial baseline of specific mathematics skills.

FLORIDA INTERNATIONAL UNIVERSITY – MATHEMATICS DEPARTMENT, Miami, FL, 2012 – 2014
Professor’s Assistant and Program Coordinator
Directly assisted a mathematics professor in the Calculus I, II, Pre-Calculus, Algebra, Trigonometry, and Finite Math courses. Scheduled convenient office hours to meet with students to discuss academic progress and future needs.
Key Accomplishments:
Produced a presentation at the FIU Mathematics Conferences. Covered the benefits of Peer Instruction and Pedagogy in the Math Education Learning Assistant Program, exemplifying that the passing rate for these courses had expanded from about 35% to 65%.
Optimized course materials and instructed lower-level courses. Boosted overall student engagement by ~200%.
Collaborated with instructors and discussed problems/errors with assignments. Advocated for student rights to fair exams, assignments, and other coursework. Offered adaptive instruction to about 2,050 students per semester.
COMMUNITY LEADERSHIP
SIDDHA YOGA MEDITATION CENTER, Coral Gables, FL, 2015 – 2016
Audio-Visual & Community Seva (Service)
Volunteered with hosting weekly programs which included controlling all sound, visuals, and lights. Assisted in the preparation of meals and cleaned the center.

WRGP 95.3 FM, Miami, FL, 2013 – 2016
Internship – Radio Host
Hosted Specialty and Rotation Underground College Radio shows every semester. Planned and executed promotional events for the Station. Directed a strong social media presence for marketing purposes, which reached audiences of 100,000+ listeners. Broadcasted live from in-studio and remotely. Scheduled guest performances from local artists and musical groups. Recorded drops and commercial segments for on-air advertising.

FLORIDA INTERNATIONAL UNIVERSITY MATH CLUB, 2013 – 2015
Director – Historian
Responsible for serving on the Board of Officers. Held meetings weekly to discuss the organization’s goals, fundraising events, colloquiums, faculty and distinguished guest talks, Putnam and GRE examination prep, and student involvement. Submitted biweekly newsletters to members and documented club events with photos.

ACM (ASSOCIATION FOR COMPUTING MACHINERY), 2013 – 2015
Member
Promoted computer research and innovation within the world’s largest computing society. Raised awareness of computing’s important technical, educational, and social issues around the world.

SAINT DEMETRIOS GREEK ORTHODOX CHURCH, Fort Lauderdale, FL, 2009 – 2014
Greek Dancer & Instructor
Taught Greek folk dance lessons to students from kindergarten to adults. Through the knowledge of dance and songs dating back to hundreds of years ago, my students had the opportunity to learn about the culture, language, instrumentation and regions of Greece. Performed locally, on NBC, and at Hellenic Dance Festival competition, winning the Platinum award.
Contact this candidate