Saahithi Jyothy Surapaneni
1-980-***-**** ac0z8q@r.postjobfree.com 1130 Ledmark Ct, Alpharetta, GA 30004

SUMMARY

3+ years’ experience as a Data Analyst with solid understanding of Data Modelling, Evaluating Data Sources and strong understanding of Data Warehouse/Data Mart Design, ETL, BI, OLAP, Client/Server applications.
Expert in writing SQL queries and optimizing the queries in SQL Server 2008.
Excellent Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) with good working knowledge of testing methodologies, disciplines, tasks, resources and scheduling
Excellent knowledge in Data Analysis, Data Validation, Data Cleansing, Data Verification and identifying data mismatch.
Performed data analysis and data profiling using complex SQL on various sources systems.
Experienced working with Excel Pivot and VBA macros for various business scenarios.
Strong experience in Data Analysis, Data Migration, Data Cleansing, Transformation, Integration, Data Import, and Data Export using multiple ETL tools. Successfully designed and ran custom SQL database queries.
Experience in testing and writing SQL - Stored Procedures, Functions, Triggers and packages.
Excellent knowledge in preparing required project documentation and tracking and reporting regularly on the status of projects to all project stakeholders.
Extensive knowledge and experience in producing tables, reports, graphs and listings using various procedures and handling large databases to perform complex data manipulations.
Significant experience with data intensive visualization/analytics tools Tableau Desktop and Tableau Server, SSRS, PowerPivot, Power BI Reports.
Extensive knowledge of software quality assurance methodologies, and hands-on experience in database/data warehouse testing.
Explore data in a Variety of ways and across multiple visualizations using Power BI.
Responsible for creating SQL datasets for Power BI and Ad-hoc Reports.
Expert on creating multiple kind of Power BI Reports and Dashboards.
Created, Maintained & scheduled various reports in Power BI like Tabular Reports.
Experienced in creating multiple kinds of reports in Power BI and present it using Story Points.
Experience in writing reports based on the statistical analysis of the data from various time frame and division using PowerPivot, Power Query, Power View, Power BI.
Created visualization reports and dashboards using Power BI desktop.
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Power BI Analyst SmartCare360 January 2015 – Present
Created Interactive dashboards on Health Care and Insurance data using advanced Microsoft Visuals in Power BI.
Advance level data manipulation is done in Excel.
Used DAX language to create new columns and measures that are useful for the Health Care analysis.
Used R programming to perform regression analysis on data and derive useful insights from it.
Created Pivot tables using Power Pivot and Power Query.
Performed Provider analysis and gave useful Insights about reliable Insurance group, claims, deposit details from the Power BI dashboards.
Created effective reports using visualizations such as Bar chart, Clustered Column Chart, Waterfall Chart, Gauge, Pie Chart, Tree map etc. in POWER BI.
Created Roles and implemented Row level security for user Authentication in POWER BI
Intern as a Data Mining Specialist Indian Railways, India May 2014 – June 2015
Used JDBC to retrieve train arrival/departure data from MYSQL data base.
Developed SQL, PL/SQL queries, stored procedures, and functions
Building the Data Mining Database - Collected data from different data source, eliminated irrelevant and unneeded data, imputed the missing value using k-nearest neighbour.
Preparing data for modelling by selecting variables and selecting rows using systematic sampling in Excel.
Building & Evaluating different decision tree models using train datasets and validate on test datasets.
Used R programming to perform transformations, joins on the data and prepared a Datamart for analytics.
Worked closely with Business Managers and actively participated in business meetings.

EDUCATION
University of North Carolina- Charlotte, NC, USA December 2016 Masters of Science in Information Technology GPA: 3.80/4.00
Major: Advanced data and Knowledge Discovery Major GPA: 4.00/4.00
Relevant Courses: Data Base Systems, Big Data Analytics, Business Intelligence and Analytics using R programming, Visual Analytics, Software Engineering, Project Management, Network based Application Development, Information Security.

VR Siddhartha Engineering College- Vijayawada, INDIA May 2015
Bachelors of Technology in Computer Science & Engineering GPA: 3.50/4.00
Relevant Courses: Data Mining, Data Structures, Database Management Systems, OOPS, JAVA, Web Technologies, Mobile Computing, Artificial Intelligence, Design and analysis of Algorithms.

TECHNICAL SKILLS
Database : MySQL, PL/SQL, Hadoop
Analytics tools : Power BI, Tableau, R, SAS, d3.js, VBA
Programming : Java, Servlets, JSP, RESTful Services, C#, NetBeans
Front end Technologies : HTML5, CSS3, XML, JavaScript, AngularJS
Testing tools : Selenium IDE, Selenium Web driver, QTP
Microsoft Office : Excel, Access, Word, PowerPoint and Project.

ACADEMIC PROJECTS
Worker’s Claims Process University of North Carolina at Charlotte
Performed complex formulas on data in Excel to meet the business standards.
Tested, Cleaned, and Standardized Worker’s claims Data to meet the business standards using R programming.
Successfully performed Topic modelling on the data.
Data set is merged with another data set using SAS and predictive modelling is performed.
Key findings in the data like various types of injuries prone to workers per their age, gender, experience is noted by Creating a Tableau story.
Mastered the ability to design and deploy rich Graphic visualizations with Drill Down and Drop down menu option and Parameterized using Tableau.

Attendance Dashboard for Daimler Trucks, North America University of North Carolina at Charlotte
Developed Tableau visualizations and Dashboards to regulate resources for Daimler Trucks using Tableau Desktop.
Tableau workbook is created to perform year over year, quarter over quarter type of analysis.
Created Custom Hierarchies to meet the Business requirement in Tableau.
Created Excel Macros for further data analysis.
Ran regression in R enterprise guide to determine the impacting factors.
Performed exploratory analysis on the factors like annual department wise performance, annual team wise performance, employee overtime etc.
Successfully implemented a Working prototype of real data from Daimler Trucks using d3.js.

Alumni Website V R Siddhartha Engineering College
Successfully implemented Validation features, posting an event and Job Board using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, JSP, Servlets and MySQL for an Alumni Website for VR Siddhartha Engineering College.
Data mining techniques were implemented on user database to determine fraud or identify outside users who aren’t alumni.
Built the data mining data base: tasks like data collection, data selection, data cleaning and solving data quality problems were implemented.
Prepared data for decision tree by selecting variables, constructing new variables, transforming variables, selecting row using random and systematic sampling.
Expertized in SQL query analysis for data correction and maintaining data integrity in website database.

Freelancing Student-Tutor Application University of North Carolina at Charlotte
Created world class web data-mining system for students to find their tutors and interact with them.
Handled the tasks of building, deploying and maintaining metadata inventories and data support tools
Responsible for researching and evaluating emerging data ware house tools and technique.
Created complex Stored Procedures, Triggers, Tables, Views and SQL Joins and other statements to maintained referential integrity and implemented complex business logic.
Created and mapped Conceptual Database design into Relational Database using MySQL.
Normalized the data and Integrated with backend using JDBC.
Contact this candidate