Matthew Kelly
Oakland, CA ***** 415-***-**** ac4t3h@r.postjobfree.com LinkedIn Profile

Senior Business Intelligence Analyst
Experienced and versatile IT professional specializing in Business Intelligence technologies, enterprise level program management and administration, data analysis and customer support. Over 15 years experience supporting and collaborating with clients, developers, and senior management ensuring effective on-time delivery of mission critical regulatory business solutions. Proven critical thinking and analytical problem solving abilities with a strong expertise in managing and optimizing multi-tiered, high availability ERP applications and datamodels.

Core Competencies
Data Analysis and Integration ● Program Management ● Solutions Architecting ● Technical Leadership ● Client Education and Support ● Business Intelligence Platforms ● UML ● Agile Methodologies ● PLSQL/T-SQL ● Vendor Management ● DataModel Analysis ● Dashboard and Report Design ● Advanced Excel ● Cloud/AWS ● IIS/Apache Admin ● Application BreakFix and debugging ● Project Resource Management ● Automation and Innovative Data Scripting ● Data Cleansing ● Batch Processing ● VbScript/JavaScript ● Java Troubleshooting ● ETL ● ODBC/OCE ● Change Management ● Advanced Excel ● Logfile Analysis ● Application Configuration and Implementation
Professional Experience

CHARLES SCHWAB and CO, INC, San Francisco, CA June 2005 - 2017
Senior Staff Systems And Support Analyst, Corporate Oversight Technology

Oracle EPM Enterprise Performance Management Reporting (BI) Program Manager (Linux/Oracle/Websphere)
Administered application, supported end users, and collaborated with business to automate their daily analytical workload by creating hundreds of advanced interactive reports and dashboards, including Oracle SQL data mining and query optimization. Additional experience with Tableau and Alterxy.
Architected and implemented product upgrades through four versions on Linux Redhat in close collaboration with my Agile based team mates. Remediated break and bug fixes to maintain 99% system availability. Reverse engineered legacy reporting. Forecast licensing needs, hardware lifecycle and software currency to optimize cost savings to firm.
Innovated redundant reporting platform with JavaScript based dashboard, saving $100K+ per year in license fees. Won Excellence in Service award for creating automated customer letter generating dashboard, increasing client efficiency.

Oracle/Mantas Insight Compliance and Risk Behavior Detection Application (Linux/Oracle/Webshpere) Support
Supported pattern based detection regulatory application utilized for anti-fraud, AML (anti-money laundering), broker and customer monitoring, Schwab Bank activities and various other FINRA audit requirements.
Completed nightly ESP batch process that loaded terabyte sized data warehouse via hundreds of Informatica (ETL) data loading, aggregating and PLSQL jobs. Parsed Bash scripts for errors, optimized SQL queries and corrected general Oracle data corruption and conflict issues. Our team exceeded mission critical daily SLA over 99% of the time.
Collaborated with clients to analyze new data loads from mainframe, database, flat file and other sources using advanced Excel (data lookups, functions, regular expressions) for final reconciliation and data cleansing.
Remediated user front end issues and managed LDAP authentication and authorization synchronization.

CA Data Minder Program Manager (Windows/IIS Weblogic/Oracle and SQL Server)
Promoted to Program Manager for multi-tiered email digital loss prevention (DLP) application. Supported end users, business owners and negotiated with vendor on bug fixes, SOWs, trouble tickets, and enhancement requests. Drove problem resolution and discovered root cause to be documented in Sharepoint knowledgebase.
Architected and implemented upgrades for multiple versions of 20+ distributed server application. Innovated clustered HA Server 2008 solution, IIS load balancing, 8000+ user endpoint deployment, Oracle failover support and BRS planning. Led cross functional technical resource team to achieve optimal business solution and saved $180K+ in vendor fees.
Tuned application for optimal performance, created custom Oracle partition maintenance scripts and designed custom VbScript applets to pro-actively warn against system and message ingestion issues, preventing 99% of SLA failures.
Built LDAP scripts for nightly organization chart synchronization with PeopleSoft HR systems which automated business partner workflow and increased efficiency by hours per day. Designed online incident workflow process to automate and simplify client experience and reduce Tier I help desk calls.

CHARLES SCHWAB and CO, INC, San Francisco, CA May 1999 – May 2005
Staff Systems Administrator, San Francisco Data Center

Windows, Exchange, and Data Storage Administrator
Promoted from desktop support to 1000+ Windows server environment administration.
Procured, tested, racked, imaged and implemented new Windows servers based on client requirements.
Managed Legato/Alphastor tape library backup and offsite storage, retention and rotation.
Performed hardware and OS break-fix procedures as needed. Designed and tested off site BRS plans.
Managed Exchange email servers, Hitachi SAN storage fiber network, and remotely monitored hardware.

Advanced VbScript Applet Design
Developed Active Directory monitoring tool to automatically remove disabled user data from SAN home drives and clean orphaned DFS links which replaced a highly manual and time consuming process.
Designed automated SAN space monitoring website for upper management planning use and to prevent SAN outages.
Automated network project data using advanced Excel and VBA. Created various productivity enhancement scripts.

Other Technologies Mastered
Scripted application deployments to user desktops using WISE, VbScript, and batch scripts, simplifying user experience.
Data security officer for 1000+ user environment. Managed virus updates and desktop virus definition deployment and remediated infected servers and desktops (pre auto deploy era). Protected business from malware downtime.
Overall understanding of Ethernet/internet protocol stacks and intermediate networking diagnostics.

Education and Credentials

University of California, Berkeley, BA, Economics and Political Science, Minor in German Literature, 3.7 GPA
MCSE Windows Server Training, server implementation, networking, internet protocol stack, desktop support
Lean Agile Project Management, certification course on Lean Agile project methodologies
Oracle Administration, Support and Security Training, working knowledge of RDBMS, SQL scripting
Series 7 and 63 Broker’s License, broad knowledge of finance industry and financial products
Contact this candidate