Ramya Venkatesan
DFW Metro Area +1-469-***-**** ac6bw9@r.postjobfree.com
SUMMARY
Engineer by education and skilled in business intelligence (BI), data modeling, data analytics, data analysis, ETL, computer programming languages & tools including SPSS, Tableau, SQL, and Java.
Currently pursuing Masters in Advanced Data Analytics at the University of North Texas.
I have a natural inclination towards data and drawing insights. Very passionate about data analytics and would like to build a career in this area solving business problems.
I have hands on experience with Microsoft Business Intelligence (MSBI), SQL Server Development (SQL/ T-SQL), SQL Programming (Stored Procedures, Triggers, Views), database design (OLTP & OLAP), data integration and Extract, Transform and Load (ETL) lifecycle.
I also have worked hands on in Microsoft BI development & ETL tools such as SQL Server Integration Services
(SSIS), Reporting (SSRS) and Analysis (SSAS) services.
I have strong grasp of various statistical techniques and fundamentals that are key to building predictive models as well as various types of data analysis.
I have also worked on performing data analysis as well as model building using Excel (Analysis ToolPak) SPSS Statistics, SPSS Modeler, Tableau, and Watson Analytics.
Microsoft certified in “70-467: Designing Business Intelligence Solutions with Microsoft SQL Server”.
I hold a bachelor's in electrical engineering, Texas middle school math teacher certified, US Citizen and an enthusiastic & goal-oriented team player possessing excellent communication, with good work ethics.
Experience in writing Transact-SQL (T-SQL) / SQL Queries, Dynamic-queries, sub-queries and complex joins for generating Complex Stored Procedures, Triggers, User-defined Functions, Views, parameterized queries and Cursors using SQL Server 2008/2012.
Experience extracting data from a variety of data sources like XML/Excel/Flat Files/CSV etc., transforming and loading to SQL Server.
Experience in designing OLAP based dashboard & reports using Cascading parameters, Drill-Through Reports, Parameterized Reports and Report Models and ad hoc reports using SSRS based on client requirement.
Good understanding of Data Warehouse (DWH) concepts and techniques such as dimensional modeling, Star/Snowflake schemas, Data marts, fact and dimension table identification and OLAP. SKILLS
Programming Languages SQL, T-SQL, Stored Procedures, PL/SQL, C#, VB.NET, Java Development Tools MS-BI Dev Studio 2012/2008, MS Visual Studio, Eclipse, MS Office Databases Microsoft (MS) SQL SERVER 2012/2008, Oracle 10g, MySQL Database Tools SQL Query Analyzer, SQL Enterprise Manager, Management Studio ETL Tools SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS)
Reporting Tools SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS), MS Excel Reporting, Tableau Data Analytics Tools
SPSS Statistics, Excel Analysis ToolPak, SPSS Modeler, Watson Analytics, Watson Studio
Datawarehouse SQL Server Analysis Services (SSAS), Snowflake, Star Schema Web Technologies HTML, XML, CSS, JavaScript
Methodology Agile, Scrum
KEY PROJECTS
Some of the key projects I have worked on during my masters, professional internship and as well as a freelancer to get experience include,
Analysis, Measurement & Prediction of Hospital Readmission Rates: The goal of this project was to analyze, examine and measure in detail, the hospital readmissions based on data from 10 years (1999-2008) of clinical care at 130 US hospitals and integrated delivery networks. Based on several statistical analysis, provided future directions and recommendations for reducing readmission rates. Also built a machine learning based prediction model to predict when a patient would be readmitted. “Impact of HbA1c Measurement on Hospital Readmission Rates: Analysis of 70,000 Clinical Database Patient Records” was the Dataset that was used. Techniques used included,
Estimating Properties of Population
Regression Analysis
Relationship between 2 variables and testing significance of relationship
t-test for comparing 2 populations means
t-test to determine the significance of each independent variable The primary tools that were used included - Microsoft Excel Data Analysis ToolPak, Tableau, IBM Watson Studio.
Housing Affordability Data System: The goal of this project was to understand how housing costs changes based on the measures of affordability. These insights were eventually useful for decision makers, local governments including cities to plan for improvements including attracting business, allocating funds for building affordable housing, offering incentives etc. Several multi-variate techniques were used including,
Multiple regressions analysis
ANOVA
Standard residual characteristics
Predictive models using regression and decision trees
Neural Network based Monthly Housing Cost Prediction Model The primary tools that were used included – SPSS Statistics, Microsoft Excel Data Analysis ToolPak, Tableau, IBM Watson Studio
Loans Information Source Data Warehouse: Business Intelligence Information / Data Warehouse system for the World Bank loans business area. The project required use of ETL & SSIS packages / flows to be able to extract data from multi formatted Flat files, Excel, XML files into the Loans Information Source Data Warehouse System. The end goal was to improve access to countries development information and data.
Loan Origination Mortgage Dashboard: Dashboard & reporting solution that allowed loan officers and loan originators to get visibility & insights from the loan origination data system. I had to build reports related to loans & mortgage data based on business needs & requirements. Implemented using Microsoft SSRS reports using Report Parameters, Drop-Down Parameters, Multi-Valued Parameters. Had to write several complex SQL queries and stored procedures.
Information Summarization for Loan Servicing: Reporting on loan data to enable the Loan Servicing Department to track the loans and improve the overall performance. Had to move data from various sources including loan payment collections, asset management, into a data warehouse and then implement reports and ad-hoc queries.
Technical User Guide for IoT Platform: Created a technical user guide for Plasma’s C2M Internet of Things (IoT) platform product. Researched and learned key IoT concepts, performed experiment with how workflow automation could be used when moving data from source to sink from various IoT sensors, exposing API interfaces, and using query builder to build a dashboard. Collaborated with members from the product development and customer success team.
WORK EXPERIENCE
Private Math Tutor - Middle School & Junior High Aug’2016 to Current o Tutoring for around 10 students in subjects related to middle & junior high Math. o Prepared daily lesson plans based on individual student needs and their emotional situations. o Well versed in simplifying math concepts while coaching students to think critically to solve problems. o Devised tutoring methods that helped students score increase by more than 35 percent.
Business Intelligence Freelancer, Target Labs Inc. Aug’2014 to June’2016 o Worked as a freelancer on various in-house projects including Loans Information Source Data Warehouse, Loan Origination Mortgage Dashboard, and Online Advertising Data Optimization Insights. o I was responsible for defining and designing various Microsoft SSIS ETL packages to facilitate bringing data into a data warehouse.
o Extracted data from CSV files, Excel spreadsheets and other DB sources and stored into SQL Staging tables. Also extracted data from staging, applying complex transformation and finally loading into DWH. o Worked on SSIS ETL Packages, Import/Export for transferring data from Database (Oracle and Text format data) to SQL Server.
o Developed SSIS packages for incremental data capture and historical data. o Creation of automatic schedulers to reload the data as per requirements. o Implemented a Microsoft SSRS reporting dashboard and drill-down reports to support executive decision-making. Reports included loans by country, loans by purpose, loans by project type, loans by key KPI’s etc. o Designed dashboard & reports based on OLAP cubes which made use of multiple value selection in parameters pick list, cascading prompts, matrix dynamics reports and other features of reporting service. o Supported ad-hoc requests to write SQL scripts.
Technical Intern, Plasma Comp Jan’2016 to March’2016 o Worked on the creation of a technical user guide for Plasma’s C2M Internet of Things (IoT) platform product. o Researched and learned key IoT concepts, performed experimented with how workflow automation could be used when moving data from source to sink from various IoT sensors, exposing API interfaces, and using query builder to build a dashboard.
Database / SQL Developer Freelancer, Target Labs Inc June’2013 to June’2014 June’2012 to Feb’2013
o Worked as a freelancer on various in-house projects including Information Summarization for Loan Servicing. o Responsibilities included developing, implementing and maintaining stored procedures, triggers, UDF’s and complex queries in MS SQL Server.
o Worked on in SQL queries that involved joins, sub queries, tracing and performance tuning for better performance of queries.
o Created Stored Procedures, Triggers, Cursors, Tables, Views and SQL Joins and other statements for various applications, maintained referential integrity and implemented complex business logic. o Developed SQL Queries to fetch complex data from different tables in remote databases database links and formatted the results into reports and kept logs.
o Created SSRS reports using Report Parameters, Drop-Down Parameters, Multi-Valued Parameters. Implementation of MS SQL Server 2008 Management studio to create Complex Stored Procedures, User Defined Functions (UDFs), Views using T-SQL to evaluate result for the reports. o Supported ad-hoc requests to write SQL scripts.
EDUCATION & CERTIFICATIONS
Pursuing Masters in Advanced Analytics, University of North Texas GPA: 4.0
Bachelors in Electrical Engineering (specialization in Instrumentation & Electronics engineering), MS Ramaiah Institute of Technology, Bangalore University, India (Sep’2001) GPA: 3.47
(UL)
Microsoft Certified Professional - 467: Designing Business Intelligence Solutions with MS SQL Server
Programmer (Level I) Certificate
o North Lake College, Irving, TX GPA: 4.0
o Courses Completed: Programming in Java, Intro to Oracle SQL & PL/SQL, Advanced Java, SQL & Database Design, VB.NET Programming
o Academic Honors: Oracle Associate Skills Achievement Award STRENGTHS
Excellent communication and interpersonal skills.
Analytical thinking and comprehensive problem-solving abilities.
Team player, self-motivated, and adaptable in working environment.
Committed, organized and able to meet deadlines. OTHER INFORMATION
US Citizen
Middle School Math - Texas Teachers Alternative Teacher Certification Training
Contact this candidate