SUMMARY:

Expert Software Consultant with excellent Quality and Business Analysis skills. Nearly 13+ years of consulting experience, including nearly 8+years with Cisco Systems.
Expert in Business process engineering and software development life cycle, including analysis, design, development, testing and implementation of software applications.
Experience includes working in the Business (Operations, Sales, Finance), and Software Engineering environments, and managing efforts of cross-functional teams both as Quality Analyst and Business Analyst.
Solution design experience ranging from requirements analysis, project scoping, solution & system architecture.
Experience in user interaction, business flow analysis, GAP Analysis, finalizing and mapping the system. Creating user-training documents, User Training & addressing the user issues.
Expertise in defining used case diagrams using Visio and UML, sequence diagrams, activity diagrams as well.
Expertise in definition of Business requirements and technical specifications, process improvement, configuration, testing and production support.
Excellent Metrics preparation and presentation skills.
Hands-on experience in Business Intelligence applications such as Business Objects, OBIEE and Essbase, Data Warehousing, Data Mining ETW (Extract, Transform and load operations)
Good Knowledge of Web Analytics and how it’s used for Dashboards.
Experience logging and handling cases in Remedy tool with users, post production support.
In-depth Knowledge of Program management and Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) having thorough understanding of various phases such as Requirements, Analysis/Design, Development, Testing and Deployment.
Solid experience in UAT/BAT test cycles.
Expertise in creating Test plans, Test cases, Unit testing, System testing, Integration testing, and Functional testing.
Proficient in SQL queries.
Used IAM for security validations.
Excellent and strong research, analytical and problem-solving skills, ability to work independently and team player attitude.
Experience working in complex, cross-functional and geographically dispersed team environments.
Strong interpersonal, analysis, organizational, and judgment skills.
Dependable and flexible professional who works well both independently and on a team.
Multi-tasker, fast learner with excellent oral and written communication skills.
Strong cross-functional and Cisco business knowledge.
Very good functional knowledge of Cisco’s applications - MDM (My Deal Manager), SFDC, Deal Checkpoint, Order Management tool, CSCC, GDR, CCW. Have knowledge of Channel Partners integration with Sales applications like MDM.
FIN BI booking and Expense data on Oracle and Teradata using reporting tools – Business Objects, Dashboards and Hyperion Essbase.
Good Knowledge of Tableau.

EXPERIENCE:

WellsFargo
May 2017 – Present.
Sr Business Analyst
Project – Corp Security Case Management

Responsibilities:
Involved in both Functional and Business side for the whole BI Initiative as a Sr Functional and Business Analyst.
Worked closely with Stake holders and Development team to set up a Business Objects Universe for this Initiative.
Used HP ALM to log defects during Functional and UAT testing and to maintain the Traceability Metrics with Requirements and Test Scenarios.
Coordinated the whole UAT effort, and prepared Training documentations and Kickoff deck.
Worked in an Agile environment in Iteration mode while conducting functional testing and UAT testing.
Authored FSDs and BRDs for this whole initiative.
Worked closely with Dev team to build User Canned Reports in BO.
Functional and UAT testing was done comparing to the source which is built in PEGA.

Cisco Systems, Inc.
May 2016 – Mar 2017.
Business Analyst
Project – Software Fulfillment – SCT team.

Responsibilities:
Involved mainly in preparing the monthly and Quarterly Metrics for Physical fulfillment track using advanced Excel and BO and Tableau.
Created and maintained quarterly metrics in Tableau.
Conducted data analysis using SQL(on Teradata) and BO and Excel.
Written user stories and BRDs as required and maintained them in smart sheets.
Conducted BAT/UAT for each agile release.
Cisco Systems, Inc.
Mar 2015 – April 2016
Business Analyst
Project – Pricing Waterfall - DSE GDR, Smart Licensing and SaaS Adoption.

Responsibilities:
Involved mainly in the metrics development for the adoption of various new features.
Presented the Metrics in a Dashboard format in Excel.
Conducted Data analysis using SQL(on Teradata), Excel and BO using pivot tables.
Interacted with IT and SMEs to understand and analyze the data.
Produced Pipeline metrics for internal team to assess the adoption of GDR & SOT features.
Used DMR BO universe heavily.
Used Excel Power pivot and power Query for data mashup
Used extensive Excel functions to mash up and analyze data.
Migrated the reports and data from Excel to Tableau.
Created the Dashboard view with all the reports in Tableau.
Created Calculated measures in the Tableau for reporting needs.
Used Tableau functions to create key measures and parameters.

Cisco Systems, Inc.
Mar 2012 – Dec 2014
Business Analyst
Project – ICPM

Responsibilities:
Involved mainly in the AS-Subscription, AS-Transaction and TSS modules of Service for ICPM Cube and BO Universe.
Involved in bringing in the definition of drivers/objects in PnL Cube and BO universe with the help of Finance SMEs
Prepared extensive Templates and user-friendly reports for the finance team and users to use data as per their activities.
Done extensive data analysis on Financial Service data.
Involved in coordinated efforts with Project Bridge.
Used SQL queries(on Teradata) to validate data with cube data & BO reports.
Generated Security profiles for Security verification through IAM during UAT/BAT sessions.
Conducted daily audits and month-end reconciliations across the applications for Service Revenue.
Generated extensive reports using BO and Essbase BI Suit for the finance data.
Was involved extensively in the Go-live activities.
Authored BRDs
Coordinated BATs and UATs

Cisco Systems, Inc.
Jan 2011 – Feb 2012
QA Manager.
Project – C3/CMN GDCP migration effort.

Responsibilities:
Authored Test plans and Test traceability metrics, and coordinated BAT and UAT test efforts.
Prepared test cases for BAT phase.
Managed a team of 5 offshore.
Prepared and coordinated with IT QA on all the Execute Commit related documents.
Was involved in signing off on all the QA related activities and documents.
Worked closely with IT team to track and finalize all the Business requirements.
Interacted with project team to make sure the milestones for the release were in compliance with ERMO timelines.
Extensively involved in release management process from end to end.
Took part in the meetings with other Business Analysts and IT team and understood various process plans, business process, and functionality in detail.
Prepared Integration Test Plan which was used by project team for doing detailed testing on the business application.
Performed GAP analysis of business rules, business and system process flows, user administration, and requirements.

Cisco Systems, Inc.
Sep 2010 – Dec 2010
Business Analyst
Project – Renewal Transformation/New Vs Renewal (under phoenix project)

Responsibilities -
Authored BRDs for Contract Account Assignment and SOM (Service Opportunity Management).
Did Analysis by running reports in CSCC.
Conducted a lot of data analysis, using excel and SQL with IT team’s help.
Conducted meetings with Stakeholders to review the requirements and progress of the BRDs.
Worked with users and team members to analyze the requirements and document them in BRDs
Was involved extensively in BAT and UAT scripting and test coordination.
Involved in reviewing FRD and Design docs.
Involved in resolving and re verifying of issues that came up during BATs and UATs.

Cisco Systems, Inc.
Jan 09 – Sep 2010
Business Analyst/QA Lead
Project – FIN BI Suite/DCT (Bookings, Expense and Revenue Measures)

Responsibilities:
Authored BRDs for Expense and Booking measures for all the 3 tools – BO, Dashboard and Essbase Cube.
Was involved in prioritizing the Business Requirements working closely with Biz Project team.
Interfaced with SMEs to prepare BRD documents for ongoing project agile releases.
Prepared business process models, used Visio to create use case diagrams, prepared sequence diagrams and activity diagrams.
Used Heavy SQL queries to compare Backend data to BO, Essbase and Dashboard data/Reports.
Performed GAP and Risk analysis of existing system and evaluated benefits of new system.
Performed BATs and coordinated UATs on all the 3 tools and 2 measures – bookings and expense.
Wrote Business Scenarios to validate the #s between Teradata & Oracle, using all the three applications – Siebel Dashboard (OBIEE), Business Objects and Essbase cube.
Used OBIEE dashboards to verify the financial data between Oracle and Teradata.
Worked very closely with other Business Analysts to work on the requirements and test scenarios.
Performing vigorous security testing of all the three applications across the measures to make sure they have the right access as that of their legacy applications through IAM security application.
Performed validation during GDCP activities where ever FIN BI applications were involved.
Worked as a Biz Lead on the End of Life Track for both Bookings and Expense Measures.
Generated Security profiles for Security verification through IAM.
Helped during UATs for test scenarios and any user Qs and running the queries for few users.
Helped the training team with any Questions during documentation process
Used QC extensively to log defects and track the progress.
Worked closely with IT with any cases or issues.

Jan 2008 – Jan2009 – Maternity Leave

Cisco Systems, Inc.
Jan 07 – Dec 07
Business Analyst
Project – Deal Management:

Responsibilities:
Was part of the business analysis team in analysis and requirements defining.
Worked closely with IT team in resolving cases using Remedy tool, which needed back end changes.
Involved in UAT/BAT for each release of all these applications.
Was working closely with SOX team on activities and was a key member in ensuring that the tool (My Deal Manager/Deal Support automation and Deviation Authorization requisition tool) was aligned with the set guidelines.
Defined Operational metrics across the organization emphasizing financial, resource, and teams performance.
Ensured commitments and deliverables are met and executed roadmaps to benefit business objectives
Contextualized Impacts: Identified implications of problems/issues/events on business processes
Built Client Relations: established productive and reciprocal relationships, managed stakeholders by identifying and leveraging stakeholders, clarifying expectations, and developing/managing a communication plan with the stakeholders inside and outside of the organization
Created Security verification scripts for security testing.
Identified Opportunities for Improvement. Understood business needs and communicated with business partners at all organizational levels. Provided decision making data to management by gathering information, analyzed needs, documented requirements, identifying risks and tracking progress
Team Communications: facilitated information sharing, advocated client positions, leveraged team. Worked with functional managers to improve processes and requirements.
Engaged in user training

Cisco Systems, Inc.
Dec 05 – Dec 06
QA Analyst/Lead
Project – DIVA, Sprit of the Deal, My Deal Manager.

Responsibilities:
Was involved extensively in writing test cases, test plans using FRDs.
Was involved in a lot of functionality testing in the Siebel application integrating with Java application called GMAT.
Did a lot of financial checks in the application, which involved a lot of financial calculation.
Tested the XMLs to Tibco server – called PDS Pricing and Discounting Service.
Involved in a lot of Integration testing btw the applications
Involved in supporting the downstream application
Involved in testing the back end tables and interface tables.
Back end testing of a complicated tables involved in ETL procedure
Involved in testing and setting up data across the applications.
Involved in working closely with the lead in many activities.
Managed a team in the offshore and had calls with the team to review the requirements and test cases and test plans and timelines and defects raised in TD.
Involved in BAT, UAT and Production support soon after the product went into Production.
Worked closely with Business Team during BAT and UAT phase.
Involved in testing the orders in QuoteToCash on the deals that are created in DSA.
Involved in testing partner data integration with MDM.
Done extensive Knowledge transfer to the subordinates.
Involved in updating the Test Cases in a systematic format in order to upload them to the Test Director.
Used Test Director/Quality Center to maintain the Requirements and Test Sets systematically.
Involved in logging Defects in Test Director.
Involved in Manual Testing of the functionality of the application by running all the test cases for System Testing and Regression testing phase.
Conducted security testing in all the test environments.
Used Test Director also to execute the Test cases, both in System and Regression Phase.
Maintained the log for Change Requests for every release and executed them during the Out of Cycle phase.
Used Test Director to log Bugs and manage them systematically.
Involved in a lot of GUI Testing for all the downstream and upstream applications.
Involved in vigorous Integration Testing between DSA and other upstream and down-stream applications like OMF, Account Framework and GMAT, Quoting, AFW, DART QTC.
Tested the Java APIs integration with Siebel EAI servers during publish of Data from one app to another.
Responsible for tracking and escalating incomplete issues to Tech Lead, QA Manager, IT Analyst and Business Analysts by conducting regular meetings.
Interacted with Analyst and Development Team and Business Team in order to understand the Requirements and also for some clarifications on the Defects raised by QA Team.
Involved in Production Verification during the Dry Run and Production Verification phases.
Tested the Data in the back end when the data was pushed from Siebel data bases to ordinary Server Databases and also verified the data through Business Objects, the front end application – DM Reporting.
Tested GMAT, which included a lot of calculations.
Involved in helping other downstream applications like DART in providing test Data from DSA.
Involved in maintaining Requirements in Mercury Interactive Quality Control.

Visage Mobile - SFO
Jun05 – Dec 05
Jr Biz Analyst

Responsibilities:
Used process analysis to find opportunities and drive continuous improvements in the project.
Was involved in developing training documentation and conduct team and end-user training as required.
Met with stakeholders, systems owners, and end users to define business requirements and systems goals, and identify and resolve business systems issues.
Contributed to project estimating efforts - providing input/clarity on business requirements and options to implement those requirements.
Worked in a team environment and support various groups.
Coordinated and perform in-depth testing (BAT and UAT), including end-user reviews, for modified and new systems.
Worked with users and technical developers on creating robust test plans/conditions and executing to the plan and capturing results.
Provided orientation and training to end users for all modified and new systems.

Brandes Investment Partners
June 04 – June05
Project: Compass - Auto Reconciliation
Biz Analyst/Biz QA Lead

Responsibilities:
Created Test plans and Test cases for both the applications
Tested the relations ships between the accounts and contact info for every firm and custodians
Involved in reconciliation of lot of transactions between in-house transaction Vs vendor’s transactions in a reconciliation-managing tool using lot of SQL.
Tested cash, share, cash tender and various other types of transaction in eagle and star (3rd party vendors) and created accounts in Siebel and associated them to the transactions and tested their flow.
Involved intensively in testing the Seibel UI (applets and business objects), along with an intensive functionality testing, integration testing of the Financial module.
Tested the flow of data from Compass to Eagle and Informix databases
Involved in a lot of back end testing for both the projects.
Involved in testing the DTS jobs and Window Services.
Reviewed Functional and Business requirements, Use cases, Use case diagrams, and created test scenarios, test cases
Involved in managing the SCRs (bugs) using PVCS tracker.
Involved in testing the various scenarios that a Transaction can go through from compass to reconciliation applications.
Involved in talking to users and understanding the biz requirements and writing test scenarios.
Worked closely with other teammates to understand the overall modules.
Involved in testing Unix Parser scripts in K-shell.
Conducted meetings within the teams and managed the work efficiently.

Intuit, San Diego CA.
Jan 2004 – May2004
Project: CBAI
QA Analyst

Responsibilities:
Prepared Test Cases, Test Plans, Test conditions based on the Functional Specifications and Technical Design Docs.
Involved in the Component Testing, System Testing, End-to-End Testing, and Regression Testing and production verification.
Involved extensively in testing the Adapters and Siebel Integration and Adapters to Database integration manually.
Involved extensively in Backend Testing in both Siebel Database and the PRS database.
Involved in writing XML scripts for Test cases.
Involved in testing the JMS Administrator for the Data Transfer using UNIX commands.
Involved extensively in logging bugs in Team Tracker, and troubleshooting them with the help of Dev-Network Team.
Reviewed Functional and Business requirements, Use cases, Use case diagrams, and created test scenarios, test cases
Wrote test plan, describing test strategies and key milestones to be achieved, manual and automation testing.
End-to-End testing of Siebel functionality in Order process, Asset creation, Licensing, Entitlements, Return Orders, RMA process, Shipping and Delivery
Testing of Siebel Reporting for various business functions
Opportunity creation in Siebel, linking orders to opportunity & revenue tracking
Extensively tested assignment manager, assignment Rules, business functionality checking for opportunities that come from different Geo locations, opportunity routing, opportunity tracking and testing activates under opportunities.
Testing Order process, Shipping, Delivery, Invoice and Return Orders.
Verify debit and Credit for Orders, Returns, Partial returns and data validation
Trouble-shooting of all Test director issues to have smooth QA environment
GAP analysis of test cases, achieve full trace ability of requirements.
Verifying Shipping Status, Invoices, Orders, Inventory in Oracle 11i.
System Testing, End-to-End testing and smoke testing of applications.

Cisco Systems Inc, San Jose CA.
March 2003 – Dec 2003
Project: Deal Management (DSA/MDM, DMR, DCP)
QA Analyst.

Responsibilities -
Prepared the Test plans, Test Conditions, and Test cases based on the business requirements of the client for respective releases.
Involved in verification and updating of old test cases based on Requirements.
Prepared Test Plan to upload the Test Cases from Excel sheet to Test Director.
Involved in updating the Test Cases in a systematic format in order to upload them to the Test Director.
Used Test Director to maintain the Requirements and Test Sets systematically.
Involved in Manual Testing of the functionality of the application by running all the test cases for System Testing and Regression testing phase.
Created user profiles for data driven and security testing.
Used Test Director also to execute the Test cases, both in System and Regression Phase.
Maintained the log for Change Requests for every release and executed them during the Out of Cycle phase.
Involved in helping other downstream applications like DART in providing test Data from DSA.
Involved in testing the Siebel Upgrade from Siebel-7.0 to Siebel- 7.5.

The Doctor’s Company, San Francisco, CA -
Oct 2002 – December 2002
QA Engineer

Responsibilities:
Developed Test Cases both Manually and Automated
Performed Unit Testing, Functionality testing, and system testing.
Extensively Involved in Black Box testing of the modules.
Performed Regression Testing
Wrote the UAT test scripts and also executed them from end user perspective.
Performed Integration testing on VISTA with other sub applications.
Performed Extensive Stress, Load and Performance testing on the application using Load Runner to eliminate the bottlenecks.
Conducted Security testing.
Conducted Functionality, GUI, lot of Back-end Testing during the various phases of the application
Developed Base line scripts using Win Runner
Developed test scripts for Data Driven tests using Win Runner.
Executed the test scripts and analyzed the results
Tracked and Reported bugs using Test Director.

Environment: Win Runner, Load Runner, Test Director, UNIX, Oracle, and XML, ASP.NET.

Education: -
- Masters in Information Systems and Management - Ferris State University MI. – Aug 2000 – Aug 2002
- Bachelors: - (Btech) JNTU, India - Aug 1996 - July 2000.
Contact this candidate