ASHA SHANKAR Email:
acpf4h@r.postjobfree.com

C : 304-***-****

SENIOR COGNOS BI CONSULTANT

Business Intelligence // Analytics // Cognos Development // Cognos
Administration // Cognos Business Analyst

. 10+ years of IT experience involving various aspects of Business
Intelligence. Well versed with complete Life Cycle Development process
including requirement analysis, documentation, development, testing,
implementation, and maintenance.
. 7+ years of strong experience in designing and implementing complex
reporting solutions using COGNOS Suite 10.2.1 / 8.4.1 / series 7 ver. 4.
. Expert level with developing metadata models in Framework Manager
following best practices.
. Expert level with developing OLAP models, using PowerPlay
Transformer.
. Strong skills developing DMR models in Framework Manager and
dimensional reports in Report Studio.
. Skilled at training users to use Query Studio and Analysis Studio,
and Report Studio.
. Ability to effectively communicate with various business groups to
gather requirements and prepare functional and technical documents.
. Strong understanding of designing dimensional and relational models,
star and snowflake schemas and different DW design paradigms.
. Mid-level knowledge of Oracle and DB2 databases.
. Mid-level knowledge of COGNOS administrative and security tasks.
. Exceptional ability to quickly master new concepts and technologies.
. Excellent functional and technical analysis and Communication skills
and also maintaining effective working relationships with organizational
team.
. Excellent in trouble shooting with quick turnaround in fixing the
issues.

TECHNICAL SKILLS

ETL Tools Cognos 8 series - Data Manager
Metadata Modeling Cognos 10.2.1 BI Suite /Cognos 8.4.1 FP4 - Frame Work
Tools Manager, Cognos PowerPlay Transformer, Cognos Impromptu
Administrator, Cognos 7.3 - Frame Work Manager,
Transformer, Siebel Administrator.
Analytic Tool Siebel Analytics 7.8.4, OBIEE, Cognos Power Play
Client/Web, Analysis Studio
Reporting Tools Cognos 10.1.2/8.4 / 7.3 - Cognos Connection -
ReportStudio, QueryStudio, Business Insight, Event
Studio, Impromptu Client, Cognos Upfront.
Operating Systems Windows XP/2000/ME/98/95/NT 4.0, UNIX, zLinux.
Languages C, C++, Visual C++, Visual Basic 6.0
Web Languages HTML, XML, JavaScript, VBScript
Databases MS Access, Oracle, SQL Server 2000, 2005, DB2
Project Management MS-Office 2003/XP,MS Excel, MS Power Point, MS Word, MS
Tools Access, Ip Switch - WS_FTP

EDUCATION AND CERTIFICATIONS

. Bachelor of Science, India.
. Graduate Diploma in Computer Science, GNIIT - India.
. IBM Certified Designer - Cognos 10 BI Reports
. Microsoft Certified Professional in VC++
. Brain Bench Certified in HTML
. Brain Bench Certified in VBScript, JavaScript.

PROFESSSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Client: Mercedes Benz LLC, Montvale, NJ Role: Lead
Cognos BI Developer/Analyst
Global Business Consulting Services
Feb 2010 - Till Date

Description: Mercedes Benz USA (MBUSA), a Daimler company, is responsible
for Sales and Distribution along with marketing of Mercedes Benz and
Maybach products in United States.

The scope of this project was migrating to Cognos 10.2.1 reporting system
on Windows from Cognos 8.4. Prior to this was Migration to Cognos 8.4
reporting system while maintaining and supporting Cognos 7 and ReportNet.

Responsibilities:
. Interact with the Business users for requirement gathering.
. Analyzing the specifications provided by the Business Users to develop as
per the requirements.
. Used Framework Manager to build models/packages and publish to Cognos
Connection.
. Developed Standard Templates, Dashboard Reports, Standard Reports,
Charts, and Drill through Reports, Master-detail & conditional formatting
reports.
. Design and Implement Dashboard reports, drill through reports, and drill
up/down reports using cubes as a data source in Cognos Report Studio.
. Developed Active reports for users to use offline and on mobile devices.
. Implemented Burst Functionality to distribute reports effectively.
. Implemented 'Pick-List' workaround in Cognos 8.4/10.2 environment - A
feature of Impromptu version and not in current versions.
. Implemented the Copy and Active method in Cube builds to avoid Cube lock
issue.
. Schedule cube builds and manage them with Linux cron job and Windows Task
Scheduler along with VB Scripts.
. Mentor and provide training to different business users on various BI
Suite tools.
. Managed Level 1 support for day to day operations and issue of Enterprise
data warehouse across North America.
. Implemented Cognos 8.4.1 to 10.2.1 upgrade. Was involved in installation,
configuration, migration and testing of all objects in QA and Production.
. Created multidimensional cubes for users to be able to get business
information from Cognos PowerPlay/Analysis Studio.
. Enhancing ReportStudio, Impromptu reports and Power Play reports, cubes
and graphs according user requirements.
. Conversion of Impromptu reports to ReportNet/ReportStudio reports.
. Migrating ReportNet Reports, packages etc., to Cognos 8.4 portal.
. Conversion of Cognos 7.3 cube to Cognos 8 cubes using Power Play
Transformer.
. Prepared Tool documentation and New features Training Documents for
Business and Field Users.
. Published Impromptu Web Reports (IWR) and Power Play cubes & reports onto
the Upfront using Cognos
. IWR administration as well as Power Play Enterprise Server
. Deployed Reports, Packages and Folders from QA to PROD Environments.
Implemented security for reports and packages.
. Used CISM/ITServ tools to manage the development/Enhancement and Issues
that were submitted by the users and other teams.

Environment: Cognos 10.2.1 BI Suite, Cognos 8.4.1(Framework Manager, Query
studio, Report Studio, Transformer, Analysis Studio) Windows XP, DB2
Database. Cognos 7.4 and 7.5 Tools(Power Play, Transformer, Power Play Web,
Report Administration, Access Manager, Upfront).

Client: Pitney Bowes, Stamford, CT
Role: Senior Cognos BI Developer

WIPRO Technologies, Bangalore India
Dec 2007 - Oct 2009

Project: GoLive Postage and Meter Summary Reporting

Description: Pitney Bowes world's leading provider of MailStream solutions,
which provide the world's most comprehensive suite of MailStream solutions
to help companies manage their flow of mail, documents and packages.

Pitney Bowes has variety of products including Postal Meters and these
Postal Meters would be rented or sold to their customers to serve their
postal needs like stamping, packaging etc. Mail Stream Web Visibility
project is to create a Web reporting application using Cognos for the
customers of Pitney Bowes. The reports contain Postal Usage, Meter Usage
and Account related reports. As it is a Pilot phase there are currently 30
users for this application and it has the potential to grow up to 4000
users in future. Authorized users can access the reports after logging in
to the Mail Stream web view reports site using the link provided at the "My
Account" page on the company home page.

Responsibilities:
. Understand the Postal & Meter Usage and Accounting process.
. Study and analyze the existing source system, business flow between the
Users and Business line to understand current report generation process.
. Was responsible for understanding the Business requirement by interacting
with the On-site lead and communicating with Off-shore Development
team.
. Identification & analysis of data elements required for generating
reports.
. Participate in design discussion and review session with client solution
architect team.
. Prepared Technical Design of the reporting application needed by the
Users.
. Validate and analyze the business requirements listed out by the Business
Users.
. Involved in Meta Data Model Creation using Frame Work Manager.
. Created several types of reports Business, Accounting and Financial
Reports using Cognos Report Studio.
. Created multiple layer report providing a comprehensive and detail report
with Drill through facility.
. Involved in integrating different reports in a single page and in adding
additional functionalities apart from Cognos using HTML and java scripts.

. Prepared Test Cases for the reports as well as the UI.
. Performed System Unit Testing for the Cognos reports.
. Prepared Design Docs at High Level Design, Low Level design and
Application Manual for Business Users.
. Also Involved in Development/Production Maintenance, Enhancement
development while on Production used by Business users.

Environment: Database-Oracle 9i, Cognos Server OS--Windows Server 2003 Web
Server-IIS, Cognos 8.2 - Framework Manager, Report Studio, Cognos
Connection, HTML, JavaScript

Project: InView Account Based Reporting

Description: InView Account Based Reporting (ABR) is a set of reports
created from the accounting data. The accounting data is derived from
account transaction generated by mailing systems. Specifically, mailing
systems with Budget Manager and Business Manager installed. This release of
ABR is intended to be a limited version with limited number of reports. The
following phases will create more reports for the accounting analysis

Responsibilities:
. Understand the Accounting process. Analyze the business flow between the
Users and the Accounting.
. Need to validate and analyze the business requirements listed out by the
Business Users.
. Documenting the report design (High-level and low-level design), analysis
specifications, and functional specifications.
. Validate and analyze the business requirements listed out by the Business
Users.
. Mainly involved in Production support of the existing Cognos reporting
structure.
. Performed Cognos administrative functions such as creating user accounts,
user classes and roles using Access Manager.
. Handle Tickets raised by Users through Clarify tool.
. Involved in enchantment of existing reports, Framework Manager Models.
. Involved in new request for ReportStudio reports.
. Prepared documentation and performed user training.

Environment: Database-Oracle 9i, Cognos Server OS--Windows Server 2003 Web
Server-IIS, Cognos 8.2 - Framework Manager, Report Studio, Cognos
Connection, HTML, JavaScript

Client: Hero Honda
Role: Business Intelligence Executive

KeySoft Pvt. Ltd., Bangalore, India

Jan 2006 - Nov 2007

Description: The world's largest two-wheeler manufacturing company Hero
Honda purchases spare parts from other companies (vendors). The company has
multiple plants in India where parts get assembled. This project is aimed
at analyzing which vendor is producing more defective parts or less durable
parts. This project gives plant wise, model wise, claim wise and period
wise defect details.

Responsibilities:

. Analyzed business requirements & developed Process & reporting/metrics.
. Participated in creating the logical design of the Data warehouse
to be built.
. Identify and Design the dimensions, facts and fact table details.
. Actively involved in process improvement activities like process flow,
problem resolution, etc.
. Perform ETL process using Cognos - Data Manager and create the
Metadata for further modeling process.
. Publish packages using Cognos FrameWork manager for further
reporting purpose.
. Report generation using Cognos ReportNet.
. Generating Claim wise, Warranty Analysis - dealer and model wise, Repair
Analysis -Turn around time for service, Dash board reports Using Report
Studio.
. Developed List, Crosstab, and drill through, master-detail, chart and
complex reports which involved Multiple Prompts, Filters, and multi-page,
multi-query reports against multiple databases.
. Generated Project document about Extraction, Transformation,
loading process, followed by Metadata Modeling phase and step by
step documentation of creating reports.

Environment: Windows XP, JavaScript, MS SQL Server 2000, Cognos ReportNet
1.1 - Framework Manager, Report Studio, Query Studio, Cognos Connection.

Client: Microsoft Network (MSN), Redmond, WA
Role: Cognos BI Analyst
B2K Corp Pvt. Ltd. Bangalore, India

Jun 2004 - Nov 2005

Description: MSN the world's most popular Internet destination. The world-
class services such as MSN Hotmail, MSN Messenger, MSN Search, Groups,
Shopping, and Personal Finance are provided in many languages. MSN had its
own customer support team, where customer contacts to resolve product
related queries using different modes. So these interactions are stored in
the data base to further analysis of MSN Products based on customer
Satisfaction. The data base also helps in analysis of the customer support
team performance and trends.
Responsibilities:
. Mentor a team of 5 members.
. Subject Matter Expert (SME) for all technical, products, tools and
process issues.
. Understand the organization and user requirements and decide on the data
extraction, transformation and loading. Data analysis and reporting would
be easy and efficient.
. Understanding the business flow of the company and arrive at a data flow
and business flow analysis.
. Developing business and functional requirements for new business
intelligence implementation and subsequent releases.
. Create Reports and Analysis business trend and performance based on
Customer Satisfaction and Customer support team.
. Reports included CSAT (Customer Satisfaction) on daily and weekly basis
with respect to Quality.
. Assist in Training programs, as needed (new hire training, technical
refresher training, etc.).
. Collate, prepare and send Daily and Weekly Flash reports regarding the
important metrics of MSN Process to the Client in US on a daily and
weekly basis.
. Review trends on Operational Analysis with respect to SL Metrics and
other process data with the Managers and Team Lead to work on Action
Plans to improve inconsistency.
. Collate data and present them for the Monthly Business and Quarterly
Business review.
. Track the necessary data with respect to the MSN process like the Tools
downtime tracking report, Quality audits report and fatal error Analysis
report with Quality parameters.

Environment: Windows XP/2000, Oracle 9i, MS Excel, Report Net 1.1, Cognos
connection, Query Studio, Cognos connection, HTML.

ADITI Pvt. Ltd /Talisma Corp. Pvt. Ltd, Bangalore, India
Role: Application Developer
Sept 1999 - Nov 2002

Description: Talisma Corporation (previously a known as ADITI) is a
privately held international corporation that delivers quality outsourced
hardware / software support services. The project is to manage the
development and to enhance reports, re-design and post production
maintenance.

Responsibilities:
. Mentor a team of 8-10 members.
. Assist in Training programs, as needed (new hire training, technical
refresher training, etc.).
. Bug fixing and problem solving with the existing Excel, Cognos reports.
. Document article and write new KB articles on the new products released.
. Subject Matter Expert (SME) for all technical, products, tools and
process issues
. Knowledge Transfer on Cognos to the Team.
. Involved in Development/Production Maintenance, Enhancement development
while on Production used by Business users
. Collate, prepare and send Daily and Weekly Flash reports regarding the
important metrics.
. Review trends on Operational Analysis with respect to SL Metrics and
other process data with the Managers and Team Lead to work on Action
Plans to improve inconsistency.
Contact this candidate