Shinoj Yohannan
*** ******* **** *****, *** Jose CA-95131

Professional Summary

Experienced Reporting, Data and BI Analyst with over 10 years of IT
including over 7 years of experience in Data Analysis, Data Cleansing and
Extraction using SQL queries, Reporting and Automation using BI tools.

. Experienced in writing complex SQL queries in Oracle, Teradata and SQL
Server for data engineering, cleansing and extraction for reporting,
automation and business and data analysis.
. Possess quantitative thinking, analysis, trouble shooting and issue
solving capabilities.
. Accomplished streamlining data reporting through SQL queries.
. Built and maintained intermediate database tables for storing cleansed
customer and usage data for analysis and reporting.
. Performed Data Quality analysis thus enabling reporting and analysis
of accurate data to business stakeholders
. Analyzed business performance with the data pulled by SQL queries.
. Developed Customer insights and segmentation.
. Analyzed customer movement, lifetime value, cohort, product usage and
adoption.
. Mentored new hires into understanding the business and the underlying
data.
. Used BI tools like OBIEE and Cognos to automate data delivery.
. Have built Relational and Multi-Dimensional Data Models for Cognos BI
on Framework Manager
. Experience in SaaS Business, Manufacturing, Finance Business Domains.
. Possess proficiency in written, verbal and interpersonal
communication.
. I am a self-starter, go-getter, takes initiative, and can perform well
with minimal supervision.
. I am a team player, and also can work independently under tight
deadlines.

Technical Skills

Database Oracle 11g/10g/9i (TOAD), Teradata, SQL Server (2005, 2008)
BI Tools OBIEE, Cognos, Tableau
Languages SQL, C, C++, Java, VB, Excel programming (now learning R and
Python)
Big Data Preliminary knowledge on Hive and Hue
Web Technologies HTML

Professional Experience

Sysmind LLC June 2010 -
March 2015

Clients - Cisco Systems (WebEx Division), Johnson n Johnson (Vistakon
Pharmaceuticals)

Senior Reporting and Data Analyst

. Accomplished data engineering and data extraction for reporting and
analysis.
. Streamlined Customer and Product data and deployed reports for the
online products.
. Wrote complex SQL queries to cleanse and scrub data.
. Built custom tables to store clean customer data.
. Analyzed customer data to study movement in online buy behavior,
product usage and adoption
. Used cohort analysis to analyze the customer lifetime value, and the
trend in product usage
. Used BI tools like OBIEE and Cognos to automate report delivery
. Used Dun & Bradstreet data to perform industry level analysis.
. Built visualizations on Tableau to shows customers, product adoption
trends.

. Built dashboards for presentation to support complex analysis.
. Mentored and trained new hires.
. Ensured Data Quality, delivered and automated clean and accurate data
to Business Users.

Environment: Teradata, SQL Server 2008, Oracle 11g, TOAD, OBIEE, Cognos 8,
Tableau, MS Office

Pantar Solutions Inc. June 2007 - May
2010

Clients - Kronos, Community Renewal Team (State of Connecticut), Johnson n
Johnson (Vistakon Pharmaceuticals)

Data and BI Analyst

. Built SQL queries - simple and complex to analyze, cleanse and extract
data
. Performed Data QA to make sure invalid data is filtered out
. Used BI Tools to build data models for reporting.
. Built reports to automate data delivery and improve data
visualizations.
. Build Relational and Multi-dimensional Data Models for BI Reporting.
. Built Cognos OLAP multi-dimensional cubes to analyze customer
retention
. Used Dun & Bradstreet data to perform industry level analysis
. Built dashboards for presentations to support analysis

Environment: SQL Server 2008, Cognos 8, Cognos Reportnet, Oracle 10g, TOAD,
MS Office.

UST Global Jan 2003 - Feb
2005

Clients - Costco Wholesale, International Trucks and Engines, WellPoint
Healthcare, Ahold USA

Software Engineer

. Analysis of Application Programs in Mainframes
. Build layout of required modifications.
. Testing, Review and QA of Mainframe program code.

Environment: COBOL, JCL, Mainframes, Oracle 9i, TOAD, MS Office

Education

. Masters Degree in Electrical Engg, Wright State University, Dayton,
Ohio. (Graduated Fall of 2006)
. Bachelors Degree in Electronics and Communication Engg, Mahatma Gandhi
University, India (Graduated May 2001)
. Boot camp Software Engineering Training from UST Global as part of new
hire induction program (Feb 2002 - May 2002)

acpgsq@r.postjobfree.com
904-***-****
https://www.linkedin.com/pub/shinoj-yohannan/94/447/aa3
Contact this candidate