SIVASHANKARI SHANMUGAM

Mobile: ***-***-
****
Email :
acptrv@r.postjobfree.com
Objective

To secure BI Technical Big Data Analyst position that best utilizes my
extensive skills and experience which can be used to create the optimum
technical business solution in the context of the customer's environment,
requirements, and financial resources.

Skills Summary

. Over 12 years of IT experience.
. Actively involved in Implementation Project lifecycle -Requirements
Gathering, Blueprinting, Customization, Configuration, Data
mapping, and Functional Data Validation.
. Strong knowledge in Hadoop Ecosystem, MapReduce, HDFS, Hive, Scoop,
Datameer, EMC Greenplum, Spotfire and Jasper Reports.
. Strong Big Data Solution Architecture & Development experience.
. Proven Experience in handling structured and unstructured data
using Datameer / Hive.
. Excellent working knowledge and understanding of Hadoop
Architecture, Master / Slave Nodes and MapReduce Framework
including Hadoop HDFS, Jobtracker, Tasktracker, Namenode, Datanode
and MapReduce Programming.
. Experienced in defining job flows, importing and exporting Data
into HDFS using Datameer, Hive and Apache Sqoop.
. Analyze and develop Transformation logic for handling large sets of
structured, semi structured and unstructured data using Hive and
Datameer
. Developed transformation workbooks using Datameer from various data
sources
. Exported the transformed code from Datameer to Greenplum.
. Developed HQLs to extract data from source to stage and ODS base
tables in Hadoop HDFS.
. Developed extract HQLs to export the data from hive to Greenplum.
. Developed HQLs to extract PSOL - EID Authentication data from first
party data source.
. Developed HQLs to create data currency of EID Authentication,
Alerts and Order ODS tables.
. Developed Greenplum stage DDLs to read gzip data files exported
from HIVE/Datameer.
. Developed Greenplum DW DDLs and DMLs to load data from stage to
base and curr tables.
. Developed Greenplum SQLs to create aggregate tables from various DW
curr tables for Accounting and Financial Requirements.
. Worked as a SME for reconciling the payment amount difference
between CHASE and PSOL advanced analytics Spotfire payment reports.
. Developed code for bi-weekly Transunion and monthly Experian Roster
Reconciliation logic.
. Proven working knowledge in generating and modifying queries for
Spotfire reports.
. Developed Greenplum extract SQLs to export data in canonical file
formats to ODW.
. Performed weekly & monthly Transunion and Experian Roster
reconciliations to generate ADDs and DELETEs file.
. Expertise in capturing Business Requirements in PDD and prepare
Functional specs and map it to SAP ECC and SAP BOBJ Standard system
functionality.
. Performed GAP Analysis to identify scope of custom Development &
Enhancement.
. Performed Requirements Risk Analysis to forecast Business
criticality and Failure probability.
. SME in SAP ECC Sales and Distribution Module.
. Performed Functional Validation of the SAP ECC Standard & Custom
Reports and Business System Validation Compliance of Client facing
BOBJ Crystal and Web Intelligence Reports.
. Validated Financial and Accounting Reports to be in alignment with
Current Good Manufacturing Process (cGMP) Standards and Practices
per Healthcare Validation Protocol audited by clients.
. Expertise in design and Validation of Regulatory Compliance Reports
for License Verification (State and DEA License Verification) and
Suspicious Order Monitoring.
. Conducted Validation Compliance trainings to IT and Business users
conforming to UPS ALM Methodology and actively involved in creating
SAP ECC, SAP BOBJ End User Procedures.
. Expertise in preparing Business Process Master List (BPML) for SAP
ECC, SAP PI, SAP BOBJ, SAP BW Support Pack Implementation and Pre
and Post Support implementation Validation.
. Proven proficiency coordinating with Development, Functional and
Business teams to generate real-time reports.
. Expertize in generating Standard & Custom Reports to validate Data
integrity between SAP ECC, SAP BOBJ and other interfaces.
. Performed Unit, Functional, Integration, Regression, Performance
Validation of SAP ECC, SAP BOBJ, and Web Order Entry (WOE)
Applications by querying the Databases.
. Expertize in Operational Qualification (OQ) and Performance
Qualification (PQ) Healthcare Validation Protocols.
. Data Validation of various Inbound and Outbound EDI IDoc XMLs (850,
945, 856, 940, 101) to ensure the Data integrity between
interfaces.
. Performed Report Revalidation based on the Defect fixes, execute
queries to check data flow between SAP ECC and BOBJ Universe.
. Proficient in design and development of data warehouse/data marts
using Informatica Power Center/Power Mart. Expert skills in
Repository Manager, Server Manager, Workflow Manager, Workflow
Monitor.
. Strong Knowledge of Data warehousing concepts, Relational Database
Management Systems and Dimensional modeling primarily Star schema
and Snowflake schema.
. Expertise in HQL, SQL, PL/SQL, stored procedures, triggers.
. Proven efficiency working in Agile, Waterfall software
methodologies.

Education

. Bachelor of Engineering, India. Graduated in 2001.
. Completed Training Certifications from Stanford University in Database
Management.

Technical Skills

ERP : Siebel 8.0, SAP ECC 6.0, SAP Solution Manager, SAP TAO,
Manhattan WMS

BI Reporting Tools : TIBCO Spotfire 6.5.0, Jasper Reports, Tableau 8.2,
SAP BOBJ 4.0, Crystal Reports, SSRS Reports, OBIEE

ETL Tools : CDH (Cloudera Distribution including Apache Hadoop) 5.1.2,
Hadoop 2.3.0, Hive-0.12.0, Hue3.6.0, Datameer 4.5.8,
Sqoop, Informatica Power Center 8.x,7.1.2/6.2/5.1/1.7, SAP
BO Data Integrator

RDBMS : Oracle 11g/10g/9.x/8.x, EMC Greenplum DB 4.2.7.2 build,
PostgreSQL 8.2.15

DB Tools : pgAdmin, Aginity Workbench 4.4, Toad, SQL Developer

Languages : PL/SQL, SQL, C, C++, Java, MapReduce, UNIX shell
scripting

Methodologies : Ralph Kimball's Star Schema and Snowflake Schema

Operating System : Linux, UNIX, AIX, Windows NT/95/98/2000/XP

Office Applications : MS-Office 97/2000/2003/2010/2013

Management Tracking

Tools : Rally, Confluence, Serena Business Manager, Jira, Bugzilla,
UPerform, iRise, HP Suite of Tools

Industry Experience

As a BI Technical Big Data Analyst, my responsibilities include Data
migration from existing source systems to Big Data Advanced Analytics
Platform which involves Collection, manipulation and Data Analysis. Have a
thorough understanding of relationships between organization's various
databases which involves extracting information from source databases using
complex query statements and advanced database tools and loading into HDFS,
Greenplum and create Reports.

- ODW PSOL Advanced Analytics Data Warehouse SME
- Worked as a SAP-SD SME for Global HealthCare Office Services.
- Responsible for reviewing and ensuring project deliverables with
respect to Data quality and timelines.

Project Details
1. Project Name: PSOL Advanced Analytics & Operational Data Warehouse
(ODW)
Client: Equifax INC
Description of the project:
The main scope of this project is to maintain the CFPB compliance for all
Equifax active and inactive US consumers, by developing an internal audit
system built on latest Big data technologies and real time Reports on large
and sensitive Financial Data sets (including PII information) to monitor
and perform Daily Reconciliations for 1st Party Equifax Data and 3rd Party
Data from other Credit monitoring Bureau's like Transunion and Experian.
This includes building Data warehouse on a Big Data platform (Cloudera
Hadoop distribution and EMC Greenplum) and develop daily automated Feed for
PSOL EID Authentication events, PSOL consumer Alerts, Transunion, Experian
Roster and Partner Customers monitored by Equifax on their behalf. This
involves consolidation of consumer Data from multiple sources to HDFS. Main
objective of the project is to enhance business ability to quickly assess
and make decision on current and futuristic data and maintain CFPB
compliance. This project is highly focused to leverage PSOL Advanced
Analytics capabilities and migration of existing data from Siebel OBIEE
platform - Financial, Accounting, Call Center, CFPB Security reports to new
Big Data platform and generate Daily automated Canonical Feeds from
Greenplum to integrated ODW audit system.
Role: BI Technical Data Analyst
Responsibility: Requirement Analysis, Functional & Technical
Specifications, Estimation & Implementation, Customization & Configuration,
Business Demos, End User Training, Project delivery, Production
Deployments,, Validation of Financial and Accounting reports.
Duration: June 2014 - Till Date
Environment: CDH (Cloudera Distribution including Apache Hadoop) 5.1.2,
Hadoop 2.3.0, Hive-0.12.0, Hue3.6.0, Datameer 4.5.8, Sqoop, EMC Greenplum,
Java, Linux, TIBCO Spotfire 6.5.0, Tableau 8.2, Jasper Reports, Confluence,
Rally, Jira, Informatica Power Center 8.6, Informatica Data Quality, OBIEE,
Oracle 11g, Toad, Linux, Tivoli Job Scheduler, Shell scripting, Aginity,
pgAdmin III, sqldeveloper

2. Project Name: Controlled Substance Ordering System (CSOS)
Implementation
Client: UPS Supply Chain Solutions
Description of the project:
This is a Controlled Substance Ordering System Project to support UPS
3PL Business capability to handle Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA)
approved Controlled substances via EDI in addition to Manual entry process.
DEA Form 222 to purchase or transfer Class 2, Class 3, Class 4, Class5
Controlled substances legally is implemented per the standards for
documents received electronically. Form 222 Number and Issue date are
captured in EDI Sales Order for Controlled Substances to maintain the
validity period. Develop Custom Order Status Report (Not released) to
include Form 222 information for Operations & Business.
Role: SAP SD Business System Validation (BSV) Analyst
Responsibility: Requirement Analysis, Functional & Technical
Specifications, Estimation & Implementation, Customization & Configuration,
Business Demos, End User Training, Project delivery, Production
Deployments, Reports Verification and Validation.
Duration: Dec 2013 - Jun 2014
Environment: SAP ECC 6.0, SAP BOBJ 4.0, Crystal Reports UPerform, SAP
Solution Manager, SAP TAO, iRise, HP Suite of Tools, Java, Serena Business
Manager, SSRS

3. Project Name: European Global Template implementation
Client: UPS Supply Chain Solutions
Description of the project:
This is an Implementation Project to extend the SAP ECC Order to Cash for
UPS Healthcare European Clients. The Business objective of this project is
to provide integrated global order management capabilities, License
Verification, Suspicious Order Monitoring (SOM), Global Inventory
Management of Healthcare Products, Integrated Global Contract and Pricing
management, Account Receivables, Billing, Invoicing, Tax calculation,
Collections and Warehouse Movements, Inventory Transactions and Shipment
for European Healthcare Clients.
Role: SAP SD Business System Validation (BSV) Analyst
Responsibility: Requirement Analysis, Functional & Technical
Specifications, Estimation & Implementation, Customization & Configuration,
Business Demos, End User Training, Project delivery, Production
Deployments, Reports Verification and Validation.
Duration: Jun 2013 - Dec 2013
Environment: SAP ECC 6.0, SAP BOBJ 4.0, Crystal Reports UPerform, SAP
Solution Manager, SAP TAO, iRise HP ALM 11, Java, Serena Business Manager

4. Project Name: Canadian Global Template for Order to Cash
Client: UPS Supply Chain Solutions
Description of the project:
This is an Implementation Project to extend the SAP ECC Order to Cash for
UPS Healthcare Canadian Clients. The Business objective of this project is
to provide integrated global order management capabilities, License
Verification, Suspicious Order Monitoring, Global Inventory Management of
Healthcare Products, Integrated Global Contract and Pricing management,
Account Receivables, Billing, Invoicing, Tax calculation, Collections and
Warehouse Movements, Inventory Transactions and Shipment for Canadian
Healthcare Clients.
Role: SAP SD Business System Validation (BSV) Analyst
Responsibility: Requirement Analysis, Functional & Technical
Specifications, Estimation & Implementation, Customization & Configuration,
Business Demos, End User Training, Project delivery, Production
Deployments, Reports Verification and Validation.
Duration: Feb 2013 - Jun 2013
Environment: SAP ECC 6.0, SAP BOBJ 4.0, Crystal Reports UPerform, SAP
Solution Manager, SAP TAO, iRise, HP Suite of Tools, Java, Serena Business
Manager, Vistex, Vertex

5. Project Name: Order Processing for Controlled Substances & Warehouse
Report for Returns
Client: UPS Supply Chain Solutions
Description of the project:
This is a Controlled Substances Order Processing Implementation Project to
support the UPS 3PL Business capability to handle Drug Enforcement
Administration (DEA) Logistics. Process of utilizing DEA Form 222 to
purchase or transfer Class 2, Class 3, Class 4, Class5 Controlled
substances legally is implemented as per the standards. Form 222 Number and
Issue date is captured in the Sales Order for the Controlled Substances to
maintain the validity period. Custom Order Status Report - Not released is
developed to include the Form 222 information.
Role: SAP SD Business System Validation (BSV) Analyst
Responsibility: Requirement Analysis, Functional & Technical
Specifications, Estimation & Implementation, Customization & Configuration,
Business Demos, End User Training, Project delivery, Production
Deployments, Reports Verification and Validation.
Duration: Nov 2012 - Feb 2013
Environment: SAP ECC 6.0, SAP BOBJ 4.0, Java, Crystal Reports UPerform, SAP
Solution Manager, SAP TAO, iRise, HP Suite of Tools, Serena Business
Manager, SSRS

6. Project Name: Client Support Model 3
Client: UPS Supply Chain Solutions
Description of the project: This is a Client Support Model 3 Implementation
Project to support Sales Order Processing through Manual and via EDI.
Inbound EDI 940 (Sales Order creation in GHOS SAP), EDI 855 Outbound (Order
Acknowledgement to Client), EDI 856 Outbound Advance Shipping Notification
to Customer and Warehouse Shipping Advice (WSH) to the client has been
implemented to support the existing and New clients Business Requirements.
Develop Crystal and Web Intelligence BOBJ Reports.
Role: SAP SD Business System Validation (BSV) Analyst
Responsibility: Requirement Analysis, Functional & Technical
Specifications, Estimation & Implementation, Customization & Configuration,
Business Demos, End User Training, Project delivery, Production
Deployments, Reports Verification and Validation.
Duration: Mar 2012 - Nov 2012
Environment: SAP ECC 6.0, SAP BOBJ 4.0, Crystal Reports UPerform, Manhattan
WMS, SAP Solution Manager, SAP TAO, iRise, Java, HP Suite of Tools and
Serena Business Manager.

7. Project Name: UPS SCS SAP ECC GHOS Model 4 Implementation
Client: UPS Supply Chain Solutions
Description of the project: This project is a Green field Implementation of
SAP ECC - Order-To-Cash (OTC) for UPS Healthcare clients. This project is
developed to enhance the global capabilities of the current Logistics
Management System (LMS) to support the Order to Cash (OTC) for Global Multi
National Logistics Partners. The Business objective of this project is to
provide integrated global order management capabilities, Web-based order
entry of healthcare orders for new and existing global healthcare clients
and their customers, Licensure Verification (LV) and Suspicious Order
Monitoring (SOM), Integrated global inventory management of healthcare
product, Integrated global contract/pricing management, Integrated global
back office functionalities which include Accounts Receivable, Billing,
Invoicing, Tax calculation, Collections and Chargebacks. Integrated end to
end web order visibility and Reporting allowing Operations, global
healthcare clients and their customers to view warehouse movements,
inventory transactions, shipments and proof of delivery. Support industry
standard supply chain business messaging via appropriate technologies &
formats between UPS (3PL) & Global Healthcare clients and their customers
to enable global commerce in a FDA Regulated Validated Environment adhering
to the Validation standards.
Role: SAP SD Business System Validation (BSV) Analyst
Responsibility: Requirement Analysis, Functional & Technical
Specifications, Estimation & Implementation, Customization & Configuration,
Business Demos, End User Training, Project delivery, Production
Deployments, Reports Verification and Validation.
Duration: May 2011 - Feb 2012
Environment: SAP ECC 6.0, SAP BOBJ 4.0, Crystal Reports UPerform, SAP
Solution Manager and TAO, iRise, HP Suite of Tools, Java, Serena Business
Manager, Vertex

8. Project: Knowledgebase Marketing Bellsouth
Client: KBM Group

Project Description:

Knowledge Base Marketing helps direct marketers find, know, keep and grow
profitable customers. KBM provides the data, tools and direct marketing
expertise to help find right prospects and turn them into loyal customers.
Some of the most successful companies in the healthcare, insurance,
financial, telecommunication, and consumer product industries are
partnering with KBM to market more effectively. This Project involves
development of Data Mart for Bellsouth using complex Informatica Maps and
OBIEE Reports.

Role: ETL Developer
Responsibility:
. Extensively worked on ETL using Repository Manager, Designer, Workflow
Manager, Workflow Monitor Tools developing various Transformations -
Lookup, Aggregator, Expression, Router, Filter, Update Strategy, Stored
Procedure transformations, Configured and ran the Debugger in Mapping
Designer for troubleshooting mapping before the workflow execution.
. Worked with Web Log Expert to do analysis of data produced from the
Internet for management to review and schedule Informatica and Teradata
jobs using TNG Scheduling software.
Duration: May 2009 - Jun 2010
Environment: Informatica PowerCenter 7.1, Oracle 9i, Toad, DB2, WebLog
Expert, Teradata V2R5, T-Pump, Lotus notes, MS Office, Windows XP, Oracle
10g (RAC), VSS, Sub Version

Project: Auto Loan Data Mart

Client: Triad Financials

Project Description:
Triad Financial is a major national Auto Financing Company with two
regional centers in Texas and California. With relationships with over
5,000 automobile dealerships, approximately 300,000 borrower-customers, and
the financial strength of nearly $4 billion in managed receivables. The
project involved creating a Data-Warehouse for Application Process for an
auto loan. The business logic was pulled from business users as well as the
logic defined in SQL Server stored procedures. It has all the information
about the Borrower and the Vehicle.
Role: ETL Developer
Responsibility: Requirement gathering, Analysis, Develop transformation
logic, complex mappings for various Facts and Dimensions, create and
schedule Workflows based on demand, run on time, run only once using
Informatica Workflow Manager, create Database connection sessions to run
the mappings, Document DataMart ETL process, Wrapped the sessions with pre-
session and post-session shell scripts, Scheduled batches for daily data
load.
Duration: Sep 2007 - Apr 2009
Environment: AIX, Windows 2000, Informatica PowerCenter 7.1, Oracle 9i,
Toad, DB2, Teradata, Sql Assistant, Windows 2000, Business Objects 6.1

9. Project: cCorporate Financials
Client: Franklin Templeton Investments
Project Description: Franklin Templeton Investments is a global investment
management organization with offices around the world and offers investment
solutions under the Franklin, Templeton, Mutual Series, Bissett, Fiduciary
Trust and Darby Overseas names in more than 100 countries. The project team
cCorporate Financials is involved in building Data Warehouse for measuring
Fund Profitability. Flat file Data from Mainframes is pulled and dumped
into ODS using Informatica 5.1.From Oracle ODS, data is loaded to ODE and
to Data-Mart using DataStage Acential. COGNOS Reports are developed for
Business users.
Role: ETL Developer
Responsibility: Requirement capturing, Develop Source and target Mapping,
Mapplets, reusable Transformations, Design extract transformation & loading
strategy based on source Data, Performance tuning of complex maps having
multiple Lookups and Target tables, extensively worked on various
transformations.
Duration: Jan 2006 - Aug 2007
Environment: Informatica PowerCenter 5.1, Oracle 9i, PeopleSoft, UNIX,
COGNOS 7.0

10. Project: WellPoint life Insurance Data Warehouse
Client: WellPoint Health Networks
Project Description:
As part of Nation's leading Healthcare Benefits Company, WellPoint provides
life insurance, healthcare benefit, pharmacy benefits, dental and vision
benefits plan. This Project involved developing a Data Warehouse for life
insurance customers having different health insurance policies. Data was
first extracted to flat files from the claims processing system and loaded
to staging area after applying necessary transformations. The mapping logic
was based on application logic previously developed in Visual Basic.
Staging area was maintained in DB2 and data populated into Facts and
Dimensions of the EDW using Informatica-Power Center 5.1.
Role: Informatica Developer
Responsibility: Requirement analysis, Design and develop Informatica Source
and Target mappings, Analyze Source and Target Schema, Perform in depth
Data Analysis, identify nuances in claims submitted by various providers,
Mapping and Workflow Documentation.
Duration: Mar 2003 - Dec 2005
Environment: UNIX, Windows 2000, Informatica Power Center 5.1, DB2 UDB 7.2,
Visual Basic, Oracle 9i, Teradata, Toad 6.3, Cogno
Contact this candidate