LEWAM ASSEFAW
Email: acrf4i@r.postjobfree.com
Cell: 650-***-****
Over 10 years of experience in the Business Intelligence Analysis, Software Quality Assurance and Software Development in various Information Technology industries. Experience working for premier global consultancies delivering solutions for cabinet-level Federal agencies and Fortune 500 companies. Experience as a collaborative business partner working with executive and department heads in varying business functional areas. Experience in management of Salesforce and Oracle Business Intelligence Enterprise Edition (OBIEE) environment, as well as in testing large financial systems. Extensive hands-on experience in performing data analysis, business and technical specification review, design and implementation of standardized test plans and quality assurance. Strong team player with international experience and excellent organizational, interpersonal, and problem solving skills. Established track record for scheduling personal workload to meet critical deadlines.
EDUCATION
Masters of Science - Management Information Systems George Washington University – 2009
Bachelors of Science - Information Systems
Fairmont State University – 2004
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
SENIOR BI & REPORTING ANALYST – Fixed Term Sept. 2014 - Present Stanford University, Palo Alto, California
Perform assigned activities involving decision support systems, query and reporting, online analytical processing, data profiling (OLAP cubes, slice & dice, drilling), statistical analysis, forecasting, and data mining. Develop insightful business intelligence reports (KPIs, metrics, adhoc queries), dashboards, scorecards, continuous monitoring (thresholds), and/or ad hoc analyses. Clean and transform data as required to deliver actionable information.
Collaborate with application developers, end users, vendors, & management to ensure the creation and delivery of BI solutions. Facilitate working sessions with central and distributed end users and management to identify and document current information flows, data models, reporting systems, user populations, and coordinate with current and future initiatives impacting reporting.
Originate and coordinate data governance/stewardship assignments.
Use reports and analyses to identify potentially problematic data, make corrections, and eliminate root cause for a range of complex data problems (e.g.: input errors or inadequate field edits), and
recommend possible solutions and communicate their organizational impact.
Perform fit gap analysis comparing existing reporting solutions with BI strategy and assess compliance with best practices and established standards.
Participate in user acceptance testing of new BI analysis and reporting systems, upgrades, enhancements and change requests, plan, conduct and document results of testing. Plan, mentor, coordinate, monitor and review the work of other information analytics type staff during all phases of a project.
SENIOR DATA ANALYST July 2013 – Sept. 2014
BioMarin, San Rafael, California
Maintain and administer the existing reporting environment, including scheduling, distribution, managing permissions, and updating reports.
Lead projects through the commercial product life cycle, and ensuring high-quality and relevant data reporting in a consumable format.
Collaborate, advise and design on the delivery of ad-hoc reports and data, as well as troubleshoot data quality in alignment with business needs.
Streamline processes regarding data flow and quality to improve data accuracy, viability, and value.
Provide end-user training and support.
BUSINESS INTELLIGENCE CONSULTANT Sept. 2011 - June 2013 Creative Resources, Namibia
Analyzed business needs, requirements and generate reports
Gathered requirements by meeting with the business units
Prepared training materials
Coordinated data cleanup activities to resolve data issues associated with development projects SOFTWARE EDUCATION AND ANALYSIS SPECIALIST Jan. 2010 – Aug. 2011 Baha’i World Center, Israel
Evaluated Oracle ERP system to meet the business needs
Developed a scheduling system
Performed requirements gathering for the business needs
Provided support to project teams and system owners by identifying and documenting business needs
Supported in research and analysis of business options to ensuring solutions meet business needs
Assisted the client in assessing data cleansing and quality issues and coordinating data cleanup activities to resolve data issues associated with development projects
Conducted training for in-house developed scheduling system SOFTWARE DEVELOPER – CONTRACT May 2008 – Dec 2009
Mobile Telecommunications Limited, Namibia
Investigated, identified, analyzed business needs and requirements
Designed computerized processes and BI systems
Provided an interface platform / application to the business
Managed development projects
Developed computer systems for operational functions
Provided helpdesk support
Undertook quality control
Managed system documentation
Provided training to system users
Administered user access and roles
Undertook change management
QUALITY ASSURANCE ANALYST March 2007 - May 2008
Deloitte Consulting LLC, Washington DC
Client: Department of Human and Health Services (HHS)
Conducted Strategic Global Defect resolution meetings with the different Operating Divisions under HHS including CDC, FDA, PSC and IHS
Assessed and redesigned the Service Desk Business Processes for the Unified Financial Management System (UFMS)
Managed the Service Desk, which includes Incident Management, Problem Management and Change Management
Supported implementation of ITIL Methodologies
Maintained and administered HP Project & Portfolio Management (PPM) Tool for Change Management and Workflow maintenance
Prepared Executive Level Status reports three times a week
Assisted senior managers in revising Service Level Agreement for different projects
Actively involved in design, development and execution of Test Cases and Test Procedures
Trained junior testers with application
QUALITY ASSURANCE ANALYST Feb. 2005 - March 2007
Accenture LLC – Reston, VA
CLIENT: DEPARTMENT OF COMMERCE
Conducted Unit, Functional, and Acceptance Testing on the Core Financial System (CFS), which consisted of Accounts Payable, Accounts Receivable, General Ledger, Budget, & other modules
Analyzed new software and its impact on existing software through the creation of test scenarios and scripts
Documented and communicated system enhancements and upgrades to end users by way of monthly system maintenance report
Created test scenarios and conditions using Quick Test Pro Automated Testing Tool for the financial system
Verified data postings using SQL queries
Created test plans for the full testing life cycle
Generated reports on the findings on data validation and communicated the findings to the information architecture team
Maintained log of software issues for regression testing
Based on the requirements, Test plans were created in Test Director
Accessed test scripts via Test director
Used Test Director to update scripts from MS Word and Excel TECHNOLOGY PROFILE
TOOLS AND APPLICATIONS:
Administer Salesforce.com
Tableau
Training in Oracle Business Intelligence, Advanced Quick Test Professional 9.0, Oracle 9i,10g, 11g: SQL, SSGL(General Ledger)
Software System: SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS), Crystal Reports, Oracle Business Intelligence Enterprise Edition(OBIEE)
Computer Language: PL/SQL, SQL, Quick Test Pro, Test Director 7.5/8.0, Visual Basic.Net and C++
Database Management Systems: Oracle 8i – 11g, Microsoft Access, Microsoft SQL Server 2005
Software Packages: Microsoft Office, Adobe Photo Shop
Information Technology Governance (ITG) tool
Applied skills in Adobe in building content for presentation materials and reports
understanding of Healthcare informatics related technologies and standards e.g. DICOM, HL7
Engaged in various multi tired problem-solving initiatives using classroom and on-the-job learned technical skills, people skills and solution driven analytical processes
Contact this candidate