Sandeep Raichura
Database Analyst

Mobile: 425-***-****
Email: acsqhf@r.postjobfree.com,
LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/sandeepraichura

SUMMARY:

12+ years of experience spanning Data Analysis & Reporting, Data Visualization, Database Administration, IT Change & Release Management, Technical Support, Training, Infrastructure Management & Project Management skills to deliver and maintain robust, scalable and reliable IT & Database environments of highest standards.
Currently in a Technical Manager role, I’m passionate about building reports and dashboards using latest tools such as Tableau, Power BI & SSRS and bring value out of data.
Experience in Excel (Power BI), Database Reporting, Administrating, designing, analyzing & developing of SQL Server […] and SQL Server Business Intelligence Development Studio with strong background in Reporting and ETL experience.
Good Knowledge in High Level Design of DTS and SSIS Packages for integrating data using OLE DB connection from heterogeneous sources like (Excel, CSV, Oracle, flat file, Text Format Data) by using multiple transformations provided by SSIS such as Data Conversion, Conditional Split, Bulk Insert, Merge and union all.
Experienced in extracting data from various sources using Power Query, Power Pivot to build data models and build reports in Power BI and Tableau.

CERTIFICATIONS:

Certified Scrum Master
ITIL Version 3 Foundation
Dell Certified Trainer

EDUCATION:

CSE-Data Visualization from University of Washington, Seattle, USA
Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science from Osmania University, India
Diploma in Software Engineering (DNIIT) from NIIT, India

WORK EXPERIENCE
Database Analyst - Trimax Americas Aug 2015 to Present
Project Manager - Tech. Mahindra USA Jan 2008 to Aug 2015
Sr. Support Analyst - Dell International Services Jun 2003 to Dec 2007
Database Analyst (Trimax Americas) August 2015 - Present
Responsibilities:

Work on Database migration assessment activities.
Support the Database Migration activities from SQL 2000, 2005 to SQL 2012
Working on estimates for Database migration from SQL 2005 to SQL 2012
Defining the IT Change/Incident management processes in the organization

Technical Project Manager/BI Analyst (Tech Mahindra) March 2013 – August 2015
Client: Microsoft Corporation - Seattle, WA

Responsibilities:

Lead the Infrastructure Support Team providing direction and support to ensure the availability and reliability of key systems and services to the business.
Manage the systems powering MSIT applications through strong understanding of technologies and principles of system administration, service delivery and operations. This is a leadership role in terms of coordinating vendors and engineers to complete a wide variety of work activities.
Expert on creating Power View (Score Cards, Metrics, Tables.) using Office 365.
Expert on Creating Power Map in Three-Dimensional (3-D) data visualization Report.
Create multiple KPIs to collect Infrastructure data of all MSIT servers.
Experience on creating a full Business Analysis, by gathering Data from multiple sources
Manage the design and implementation BI reporting and dashboard solutions using latest tools such as Excel, Power BI, Power View, Tableau & SSRS and publish them in SharePoint
Lead the implementation of the Infrastructure Strategy and set direction for continuous improvement.
Worked on ETL tools like SSIS to extract data from SQL server and transform and load it to other databases.
Worked on setting up SQL Always On in Win 2012/SQL 2012 servers.
Lead effort in providing capacity planning, contingency planning, configuration management, disaster recovery and other ITIL Related disciplines.
Set direction for continuous improvement in order to better align infrastructure.
Ensure that the data in CMDB (Configuration management database) is accurate for correct reporting and tracking purposes
Lead complex technology platform upgrades and helped in staying current on OS and SQL versions. Also drove the adoption of Service Transition team’s new processes and tools across engineering teams.
Liaison with application teams to onboard applications to Cloud and reduce infrastructure costs.

Service Engineer (BI Operations) (Tech Mahindra) Jan 2009 – Feb 2013
Client: Microsoft Corporation – Hyderabad, AP, India

Responsibilities:
Responsible to manage a team of Service Build Engineers at Microsoft.
Lead critical releases of over 10 applications at MSIT.
Managed to reduce the IT cost of releases by introducing the concept of release consolidation and Quarterly Release in the business process.
Helped in improving the release readiness and engagement of Service Transition team and Operations team by bringing predictability in the release cycles (Annual Release Planning) and proactively engaging both teams in the early phases of the project
Accountable for UAT Refresh activities to restore the most current data in UAT Environment from Production.
Flawlessly lead complex technology upgrades and helped in staying current on OS and SQL versions by migrating applications from Win 2003 to 2008 & SQL 2005 to 2008
Lead the adoption of Service Transition team’s new processes and tools across engineering teams
Planning & performing monthly security patches & password updates
Working with Service Engineering team & Dev team in case of build failures and work on streamlining the process.
Configured SQL High Availability techniques like Always On, Replication, Mirroring and Log Shipping and maintaining them.
Hands on experience on Data center operations
Experience in Migration/Upgrade of Window Server infrastructure
Debugged IIS Web Server connection problems and performance tuning for databases.
Monitoring Server issues, proactive system analysis and standard SQL & windows administration.
Acting as a final escalation point to project on technical perspective
Working closely with Application Service owner of the applications for patch deployment schedules & Quarterly releases in the Production
Publishing weekly reports/ MBR on project/team performance.

Project Lead (Tech Mahindra) Jan 2008 – Dec 2008
Client: Microsoft Corporation – Hyderabad, AP, India

Responsibilities:
Lead a team of 5 associates.
Working with Service Owner in designing & streamlining the project.
Train and mentor the new Associates in the project.
Working on Service requests and raise relevant Change Requests.
Monitor the queue and assign SR’s.
Coordinating with Duty Managers of different teams on high priority issues to ensure a faster resolution.
Designed R&D Tenant Hosting Dashboard for reporting the metrics and update it as necessary.
Designed Tenant Hosting SharePoint to the clients for offering services.

Sr. Training Specialist July 2003 – Dec 2007
Dell International Services – Hyderabad, AP, India

Responsibilities:
Imparting technical/process/customer handling skills training (10 weeks) for newly joined technical support employees and take complete accountability of their performance during their probation period (6 months).
Preparing weekly and monthly reports on productivity, quality and performance analysis of the team.
Analyze the individual performance of the new hires and provide an action plan to improve the performance.
Experience on Create scorecards and dashboards to empower reports from OLTP, OLAP and reporting tables using Performance Point Server and Excel sheet
Developed and modified the existing reports from basic Chart and tabular to parameterized reports including valued parameters and reports based on new business logic.
Coordinating the calibration and quality calls with client.
Regular quality audits and providing feedbacks to improve the quality and customer satisfaction.
Mentoring the team and helping the new hires in resolving the technical issues.
Facilitate Train the Trainer programs in view of any new product/new process update.

Volunteer Experience:

VP of Membership – Toastmasters International (Redmond2828) – March’ 2015 to June’ 2015
VP of Public Relations – Toastmasters International (Redmond2828) – July’ 2015 to Dec’ 2015

(SANDEEP RAICHURA)
Contact this candidate