Sirisha M
ad0aml@r.postjobfree.com

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY:

Business Analyst with 5+ Years of experience in business process analysis modeling, business requirements gathering, analysis, design and development of web based and client/server applications.
Good understanding of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) methodologies like Waterfall, Agile such as Agile XP Agile Scrum and RUP.
Experience in gathering requirements by conducting of JAD sessions (Joint Application Development), Interviews, Workshops and Requirement Elicitation sessions with end-users, clients, stakeholders, and development team and converting them in to BRDs (Business Requirement Documents) and FRDs (Functional Requirement Documents) or NRFD (Non-Functional Requirement Document), Systems Design Specification, Business Continuity Plan and Workflows.
Developed Power BI reports and dashboards from multiple data sources.
Experience in performing GAP Analysis between AS IS and TO BE workflow models.
Microsoft Power BI dashboards, visualizations, and interfaces with Microsoft SSRS to deliver meaningful Reports.
Developed calculated columns and measures using DAX in Power BI.
Worked with Bookmarks and Selection Pane in Power BI for creating Dashboards.
Implemented Row-Level security as per requirement.
Proficient in developing Data Flow Diagrams (DFD), Use Case Diagrams, Flowchart Behavior Diagrams (Sequence diagrams and Activity diagrams) based on UML methodology using Rational Rose and MS Visio.
Experience using MS Visio, MS Project and MS office tools like MS-Word, PowerPoint, Excel, and Access.
Good working knowledge of Health Insurance Plans (Medicare, Medical, Commercial payers), and managed care concepts with thorough understanding of the claim's life cycle.
Strong knowledge on the tracking process of the performance measurement of the healthcare metrics, also called the key performance Indicators (KPIs), which is crucial for achieving organization's strategic goals.
Good knowledge of SQL queries.
Understanding of Data models and Data Marts that support the Business Intelligence Data warehouse.
Experience in User Acceptance Testing, Back End and System Level Load and Stress Testing for many types of applications including web and client-server applications.
Assisted QA team in writing test plans, defining test cases, test scenarios and data sets.
ACADEMICS:
Masters: Business Analytics
Bachelors: Electronics and Communication Engineering

Client: Truist, NC
Role: Business Analyst October 2022 - Present
RESPONSIBILITIES:
Worked with client to determine user requirements and goals at requirement elicitation stage using Agile Methodology.
Analyzed business requirements and created use cases to assist the development and QA/UAT team in design and testing.
Reviewed and analyzed business requirements from user interviews and then converted requirements into technical specifications.
Derived Functional Requirement Specifications (FRS) based on User Requirement Specification.
Worked with the users and different teams involved in the application development for the better understanding of the business and IT processes.
Conducted regular JAD sessions with the stakeholder, SMEs, system architects, developers, database developers, quality testers during the entire project to assure that the critical as well as the minute details of the project were discussed, and issues were resolved beforehand.
Analysis of HIPAA rules to incorporate in the development of PCAS application.
Propose strategies to implement HIPAA 4010 in the new MMIS system & eventually move to HIPAA 5010.
Generated periodic reports using Power Pivot, Power Query, and Power View based on statistical analysis of data from different time frames and divisions.
Acted as the liaison between the technical and functional team members, ensured that requirements were developed accurately.
Created ad-hoc reports in Excel Power Pivot and shared them using Power BI for strategic planning.
Gather requirements and write SQL queries for data and metadata updates.
Designed data marks and multi-dimensional models like Star schema and Snowflake schema.
Developed complex reports in Power BI with various graph features for business analysis.
Coordinated data profiling/data mapping with business subject matter experts (SMEs), data architects, ETL developers, and data modelers.
Used SQL queries for the retrieval and management of data.
Developed and maintained sales reporting using MS Excel queries, SQL, and MS Access. Produce performance reports and implement changes for improved reporting.
Ensured applications are designed to support business objectives, business processes and will provide superior user and customer experiences.
Participating in discussions using Acceptance Test Driven Development (ATDD) with agile project methodology to develop business/System requirements and process maps.
Working with the data warehouse teams to gather requirements and analyze all data elements needed for the data migration.
Create and maintain product backlog items, bugs, features, etc. in JIRA and TFS / Azure DevOps for story tracking and documentation.
Used MS Office suite (Word, Excel, Access, Visio, Power Point), for project tracking, documentation, and presentation.
Worked with the QA team for designing Test Plan and Test Cases for the User Acceptance testing (UAT).
Performed Manual Testing and Involved in Functional, Black box, Usability and Regression Testing for UAT (User Acceptance Testing) and SIT (System Integration Testing).

ENVIRONMENT: MS Access, MS Excel, MS Word, RUP, UML, Rational Rose, Requisite Pro, Clear Case, Rational Clear Quest, MS Visio, SQL.

Client: InfoTech Enterprises Pvt Ltd – Hyderabad, India May 2018 – March 2022
Role: Business/Financial Analyst

RESPONSIBILITIES:
Elicited customer requirements by organizing interviews with internal/external stakeholders and subject matter experts (SMEs).
Prepared Business Requirement Document (BRD) coordinating with other Business Analysts in the team.
Responsible for coordinating JAD sessions with business users to analyze the present shared resource, analyze the needs of the new application, application lifecycle, gather and define the key performance indicators, document, and present the requirements specifications.
Installed and configured and maintained Power BI Report Server.
Created Power BI dashboard and generated reports using the SQL server tables as a source. Lock objects on the reports.
Presenting information through reports and visualization
Created access for users to use the Power BI reports on the web and across mobile devices.
Acted as a communicative bridge between the upper management and the technical team and assisted Project Manager in scheduling tasks.
Performed Gap analysis by identifying existing technologies, documenting the enhancements to the end state requirements.
Used RUP methodology and coordinated with other members to implement the process and create the following various RUP artifacts scope statement: high-level requirements, detail requirements (use cases), functional specification.
Analyzed Use Case specifications and Use Case models for technical criteria.
Created weekly Claim reports for management and administration purposes.
Wrote SQL queries to validate data after testing the changes.
IT business analyst and liaison between Business and IT development team Client interfacing and offshore coordination.
Liaison between client and acted as POC between clients and organization on IT development.
Involved in maintaining the Requirements Traceability Matrix (RTM) across deliverables.
Documented User Requirements with MS Word as the editing tool and Rational Rose to develop the Use Cases.

ENVIRONMENT: RUP, MS Office, MS Visio, MS Project, SQL, Quality Center, and Windows.

Client - Metlife, Chennai, India June 2016 - May 2018
Senior Business Analyst
Project Summary: MyBenefits is a web-based application, used by millions of customers of the Insurer. The project was to enhance the features of the website by including new functionalities.
Worked as the Lead BA for enhancing the functionality of MyBenefits portal, which is integrated to portals for Life Insurance, Retirement, Disability, Dental.
Involved in liaising with the business and development teams to define requirements, conducting impact analysis, and coordinating user-acceptance testing.
Involved in offering solutions for the business requirements for enhancing the functionality of the application, preparing Functional Requirement Documents (FRD)
Coordinating with the development team for preparation of the Technical Design Documents (TDD)
Responsibility included issue resolution during the preparation of the FRD and TDD, FRD walk through for the FTEs.
Worked on preparing and updating Use Case documents based on the FRDs, proposing, and documenting new Business Rules during the FRD preparation.
Prepared unit test cases, reviewed QC (Quality Check) test cases, smoke testing, unit testing, and defect resolution
Contact this candidate