Irfan Cheema
Power BI Developer
ad0geh@r.postjobfree.com
469-***-****

SUMMARY
* ***** ** ** ********** in using Microsoft SQL Server IT Projects involving Business Intelligence (BI), Data Warehousing and Data Conversion in System Design, Development and Support of Microsoft
SQL Server 2016/2014/2012/2008 R2/2008/2005 in Development, Data warehouse, Test and Production
Environments on various business domains like Banking/Financial, Investment, Healthcare, Retail, Manufacturing, Pharmaceutical and Delivery Services.
Hands on experience in installing, configuring, managing, upgrading and migrating, monitoring and troubleshooting MS SQL Server 2012/ 2008/2008 R2/2014.
Experienced in using T - SQL for developing Stored Procedures, Triggers, Tables, Indexes, Views and User De ned Functions.
Expertise in the usage of ETL tools including SSIS, DTS for large-scale Data warehouse implementation Projects involving conversion of data from heterogeneous data sources including SQL Server 2000/2005, DB2 and Oracle.
Experience in providing Logging, Error handling by using Event Handler, and Performance Tuning in SSIS packages by using Row Transformations, Block and Unblock Transformations.
Created and organized knowledge supply & knowledge supply Views, Dimensions, Cubes, Measures, Partitions, mistreatment SQL Server 2008/R2 Analysis Services.
Worked on all the Products in Power BI such as Power BI Desktop, Power BI Pro, Power BI Embedded, Power BI Report Server, Power BI Premium, Power BI Mobile
Expertise Knowledge in writing DAX Queries and MDX Queries
Strong understanding of project life cycle and SDLC methodologies including Waterfall and Agile.
Experience in facilitating Joint Requirement Planning (JRP) sessions with Business User Groups, conducting Joint Application Development (JAD) sessions with IT Groups.
In depth understanding of the As-Is and To-Be (Gap Analysis) business processes and experience in converting these requirements into Technical Specifications for preparing Test Plans.
Expertise in Tracking, Documenting, Capturing, Managing and Communicating the Requirements using
Requirement Traceability Matrix (RTM)which helped in controlling numerous artifacts produced by the teams across the deliverables for a project.
Expertise in designing and creating various analytical reports and Dashboards to help users to identify critical KPIs and facilitate strategic planning in the organization.
Expert in visualizing the data, reporting and analyzing, creating the dashboards and reports in an intelligible pictorial representing like bars, geographic maps, bubbles, pies, lines etc.
Hands-on experience Relational Database Modelling and Dimensional Modelling in combination with SSAS to develop OLAP cubes having Star/Snowflake schemas.
Worked on Power Bi and created reports and dashboards and published them on service.
Experienced and Created logs for ETL load at package level and task level to log number of records processed by each package and each task in a package using SSIS 2012
Expertise working with SSAS Tabular model to produce reports in excel les using pivot tables.
Excellent T-SQL programming skills and experience in the development of SSIS packages using BIDS, complex Stored Procedures, Configuration Files, Tables, Views, Triggers and Functions.
Worked on administration tasks such as Data loading, Batch Jobs, Data unloading, Backup & Recovery, User and Application Table Management, upgrades, creating Databases/File groups/Files/Transaction logs.
Developed Custom Reports and different types of Tabular Reports, Matrix Reports, Ad hoc Reports and distributed Reports in multiple formats using SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS) in Business intelligence development studio (BIDS).
Experience with full development cycle of a Data Warehouse, including requirements gathering, design, UAT, and Deployment
Strong interpersonal skills with demonstrable verbal and written communications to maintain effective work relationships with all levels of personnel.
Experience working with offshore team.
TECHNICAL SKILLS:
SSIS, SSRS, SSAS, Informatica, Power BI, 10.x/9.x/8.x, Power BI, Dashboard Designer, SQL, Google Analytics
ETL Tools: Informatica Power Center 9.x, SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS), FDMEE.
Languages: SQL, Custom SQL, Stored Procedure, ANSI 89/92, PL/SQL, HTML, Python Data Modeling: Star
Schema/Snow ake Schema model, Fact & Dimensions tables, SCD Type 1/2/3, OLAP, OLTP, Conformed Dimensions
Databases: Oracle 10g/11g/12C, MS SQL Server 2008/2012/2014, Teradata, MS Access, Salesforce, MySQL, DB2, PostgreSQL, Hive.
Operating Systems: Windows XP/Vista/7/8/10, MAC OS X, Linux, Unix
MS Outlook, Visio, MS Project, MS: Excel, Power Pivot 2010, MS-Access
Industries: Banking/Financial, Investment, Healthcare, Retail, Manufacturing, Pharmaceutical and Delivery Services.
Document Management: JIRA, Share Point, Version One

EDUCATION
Bachelor of Arts

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:
Ameriprise Financial Group, Remote – Dallas TX
September 2021 – till date
Senior Power Bi Developer
Responsibilities:
Developed Rich looking Analytical Dashboards and Reports in Power BI for Business Executives to take better decision.
Worked with Data Sources such as Amazon Redshift and Azure SQL Data Warehouse.
Developed Power BI Custom Visual custom table bars with D3 Java Script and Type Script.
Familiar with DAX Functions Such as SUMX, CALCULATE, ALLEXCEPT, FILTER, RANK.
Created Drilldowns, Drill throughs and Bookmarks in Power BI Reports for easy navigation and storytelling.
Worked in ‘M’ Language and Power Query for data cleansing in Power bi desktop query editor.
Created and Managed Parameters in Power BI Desktop for changing the source with different environments such as development, test and production.
Created Dynamic Dropdown measures in slicer with the help of DAX in Power BI Desktop.
Developed Measures, Calculated Columns, Conditional Columns, Custom Columns in Power BI.
Developed different types of reports such as Descriptive, Predictive, Prescriptive for end-users.
Created and developed Dynamic and Static Row-Level-Security in Power BI Desktop according to the roles assigned to the users
Created various visualizations such as Scatter Charts, Bubble chart, Slicers, Stacked Charts, Pie Charts, Donut Chart. Cards according to business requirements.
Installed and Configured Power BI gateway (Personal/Enterprise) to schedule daily jobs to refresh reports/dashboards in Power BI Service.
Wrote SQL Queries in Amazon Redshift & Azure SQL Datawarehouse to test the data and verify the quality of data. Designed Data Models in Power Bi Designer by using schemas such as STAR, SNOWFLAKE and GALAXY.
Handled Relationships in Power Bi desktop such as MANY-MANY, ONE-MANY, MANY-ONE, ONE-ONE.
Developed and deployed reports for the internal users in Power BI Report Server.
Embedded Power BI Reports in to our own .Net Application via REST API’s for giving better access and exibility to the end-users
Worked with both the modes of connection in power bi such as Direct/Import Query Modes.
Azure Data Lake/Data Factory
Created, Managed, Scheduled Pipelines in Azure Data Factory.
Worked with both the version in Azure Data Factory such as V1 & V2
Development level experience in Microsoft Azure providing data movement and scheduling functionality to cloud-based technologies such as Azure Blob Storage and Azure SQL Database. Wrote U-SQL Scripts to transform RAW Data in to meaningful data stores and data lakes Created Copy activities and linked service for both source and destination Databases.
Worked on all the different activities such as Data Movement, Data Transformation and Control activities.
Installed and Configured Integration runtime for Data Source.
Worked on backing up and restoring the Azure Data Factory V2.
Used Poly base for loading data into the destination of copy activity.
Environment: Power Bi Desktop, Power Bi pro, Azure Data Lake, Power BI Premium, Power BI Embedded

BCBS, Dallas, TX January 2018 - September 2021
Power BI Developer
Responsibilities:
Generated periodic reports for Marketing, Logistics in Tesoro.
Data Sources Used: SAP BW, Salesforce and Excel Files
Designed and developed Power BI graphical and visualization solutions with business requirement documents and plans for creating interactive dashboards.
Hands-on working on dummy projects with creating solution driven views and dashboards by developing different chart types including Heat Maps, Geo Maps, Symbol Maps, Pie Charts, Bar Charts, Tree Maps, Gantts, Circle Views, Line Charts, Area Charts, Scatter Plots, and Histograms in Power BI.
Developed Custom Visualization in Power Bi such as Fuel tank, Liquid ll Gauge, Charts.
Used Microsoft Power BI Power Query to extract data from external sources and modify data to certain format as required.
Used Import Theme Concept such as custom theme to color the report in meaningful way using JSON files.
Familiar with Apps workspaces and Embedding power bi reports from Power BI Service.
Published Power Bi reports to end user via mobile and content packs.
Worked on various Conditional formatting in power bi visuals to display the data in appropriate way.
Designed trend by Year, Quarter and Month by using visuals such as Line & Stacked column chart, Line & Clustered column chart, Combo chart
Showcased the Geography data in Power BI using visuals such as MAP, Field Map, Shape Map, ArcGIS and Globe Map.
Worked with Longitude and Latitude data to plot the locations exactly and give insights of particular location to show the progress.
Weekly Presentation of Power Bi Prototype and wireframe reports to business users and stake holders and also provide training how to use and navigate power bi report.
Worked on Data Cleansing Part in Power BI desktop using concepts such as, Merge Columns, Merge
Queries with necessary joins, Pivot, Unpivot and Transpose columns and rows in query editor
Created the KPI to show the difference between actual, budget and forecast data using visuals such as DUAL KPI, KPI and Power KPI
Created and Presented Power point presentation to business users on Prototype and Wireframe of Power bi reports visually every week.
Created Several User Roles and Groups to the end - user and provided row level security to them
Analyzed all the SAP BW data dimensions, Measures and created data dictionary for all the data elements needed for report
Worked on Type script, D3 Java script, html, CSS and developed custom visualization in Power BI
Created KPI, Gauges, Clustered column chart, Slicers for better understanding of the report
Developed Operational Reports for the Marketing in Tesoro Corporation such as daily reports
Environment: Power Bi Desktop, Power Bi pro

Minnesota Fain Plan Insurance, Minnesota, MN June 2016 - January 2018
BI Analyst
Responsibilities:
Requirement gathering for various users, interviewing them, and satisfying their exact needs.
Involved in the complete Life cycle of the Project and in the data analysis process Gather the various requirement matrices from the business analysts.
Assisted the DBA in converting the logical models to physical.
Conduct Design discussions and meetings to come out with the appropriate Data Mart using Kimball Methodology.
Created technical designs for the various reporting requirements.
Designed different BI Dashboards for the Company Executives, through an e
Created all possible Metrics, for enabling the end users to generate customized reports by creating their own Templates and Fifilters.
Built Complex Reports using advanced reporting functions like with YTD calculations, percentage dierences, sets and groups etc.,
Involved in report tuning, caching, specifying query governing thresholds, and report optimizations.
Environment: Tableau 8.x (Desktop/Server), Teradata, Oracle, SQL Server, Power Designer, MS Visio, JIRA Microsoft
Contact this candidate