AshwiniDeshpande
Toronto, ON +1-437-***-****
ad0wop@r.postjobfree.com
Post Graduate in Business Analytics from Cambrian College, Sudbury, ON. Skilled in recording, interpreting, and analysing data in a fast-paced environment. Advanced proficiency in all aspects of Excel, Power BI, SQL, and Python. Experienced in preparing detailed documents and reports while managing complex internal and external data analysis responsibilities. Experienced working as a software tester for four years. SKILLS
Ability to grasp new concepts efficiently, Excellent knowledge of SQL, Proficient in Microsoft Excel (Reporting and data analysis), Excellent problem-solving abilities, Knowledge of Python (Numpy, pandas) Programming, Knowledge of Power BI, Excellent communication skills, and Knowledge of ETL process.
EXPERIENCE
Business/Data Analyst April 2023 - present
Tata Consultancy Services, Montreal, QC
Working on the creation of a detailed business solution and opportunities for new business.
Planning and monitoring resource involvement in projects.
Performing Aging analysis and reporting on backlog requests and providing the inputs to respective stakeholders.
Managing the coordination between different stakeholders. Data Analyst Intern Jan 2022 - Mar 2022
FieldTurf, Toronto, ON
Responsibilities:
● Extracted, Analysed, and Presented Data in a Graphical Format using Power BI, such a way that helped the project manager to make Business Decisions.
● Worked on data profiling, data analysis, and validating the reports.
● Performed data cleaning using SQL and Excel to get meaningful data.
● Designed and created accurate dashboard frameworks within turnaround time by gaining business knowledge through constant interactions with the Sales Director and Senior Data Analyst.
● Developed business and analytical skills in a fast-paced work environment. Performed routine tasks under the direct supervision of the Director of Sales.
● Utilized various professional statistical techniques and maintained large databases to collect and analyse data from partners and customers. Conducted testing and documented test results.
● Used Joins like Inner Join, and Outer Join while creating tables from multiple tables
● Expertise in generating graphs using MS Excel Pivot tables. Extracted data from existing data sources, Developing and executing departmental reports for performance and response purposes by using SQL, and MS Excel.
Environment: Agile
Business Analyst Intern Sep 2022 - Nov 2022
Delphi Technologies, Toronto, ON
Responsibilities:
● Conducted requirement elicitation sessions with stakeholders.
● Ensured that stakeholders adopt processes to enhance workflows and quantify business impacts for management reporting.
● Created process flow and business rules and translated business requirements into technical solutions using UML diagrams such as Use Case, Activity, and Sequence diagrams.
● Created and maintained project artifacts such as Business Requirements Document
(BRD), data flow diagrams, process flow diagrams, screen prototypes, wireframes
(screen mock-ups), and user interface designs.
● Maintained documents for change requests and implemented procedures for testing changes.
● Maintained Requirement Traceability Matrix (RTM) in collaboration with the QA Team.
● Liaised between the client and the technical development team. Environment: Agile
Software Quality Analyst Mar 2016 - Dec 2019
Atos, Mumbai, India
Responsibilities:
● Assessed software bugs and compiled findings along with suggested resolutions for development team members.
● Wrote and optimized test cases to maximize the success of manual software testing with consistent, thorough approaches.
● Verified acceptance by developing and implementing automated and manual application features and regression tests.
● Supported test review, defect control, and configuration management within the delivery pipeline.
Environment: Agile, Waterfall
EDUCATION
Post Graduate Certification - Business Analytics May 2021 - Jun 2022 Cambrian College, Greater Sudbury, ON
Bachelor of Engineering (B.E.) - Computer Science Jun 2011 - Jun 2015 University of Mumbai, Mumbai, India
For any interview schedule, please kindly send an email to ad0wop@r.postjobfree.com to book a time instead of calling directly, thank you so much for your cooperation.
Contact this candidate