Jerry Ekienabor
Houston, TX *****
(Open to work Remotely)

Recruiter Summary:
Business/Data Analyst professional with a track record of driving business growth through ambitious strategies that increase sales, market share, and post market penetration.
5+ years of Healthcare, Medicare, and Insurance data reporting experience.
Exposed to Oracle Business Intelligence and performed proof of concepts on Oracle BI publisher and developing and maintaining reports objects in OAC/OBIEE/OTBI/Cloud.
4 years of SQL BI production, 6 – 8 years of experience in software development and with data structures/algorithms and scripting experience, as well as a 2016 SSMS developer with a strong understanding of Power BI and Tableau.
5 years of Tableau, Power BI, and SSRS experience. 8 years of Office 365 (Excel, Visio, Word, etc.) experience with Agile (SCRUM) methodology and experience using python libraries like TabPy etc. for Tableau.
Tableau is used to create, build some HR data models & dashboards, and create custom LODs and other measures to get accurate numbers for HR data.

Skills:
MS-SQL Server, SQL Visual Studio and SQL Management Studio
MS Office Suite, MS Project/Visio and Technical Writing skills
Data Analysis, Data Visualization and Presentation skills
Machine Learning, Quality Assurance and Project/Program Planning

Experience in Documentation
Experience with Medical Claims
Experience with Excel - Pivot tables and VLOOKUP
Experience in Technical Writing
API, Web Services and Oracle RDBMS
Power BI, Tableau, JIRA and SAP
Snowflake
SSRS, SSIS and ETL
Transformation Services and SharePoint
SCRUM Master
Python
OAC/OBIEE/OTBI/Cloud.

Education and Training
MBA in Human Resource Management Lincoln University CA Jul 2020
Bachelor of Science in Bachelor of Technology in Civil Engineering Ladoke Akintola University of Technology Nigeria Apr 2013

Certifications:
Certified Scrum Master (CSM) Microsoft Office Suite Data Entry and Analysis SAFe/Agile Scrum Business Analysis Project Management Market Research Jira Scrum and Azure ITIL Foundation Framework Help Desk Certification.

Technical Skills:
Experience with AI/ML open-source projects in large datasets using Jupyter, Argo, Spark, Pytorch, TensorFlow
Experience using python libraries like TabPy etc. for Tableau
Experience creating Unit and Functional test cases using PyTest, UnitTest
GraphQL/Swagger implementation knowledge
Strong understanding and experience with Kubernetes for availability and scalability of applications in Azure Kubernetes Service
Experience building CI/CD pipelines using Cloudbees Jenkins, Docker, Artifactory, Kubernetes, Helm Charts and Gitlab
Experience with tools like Jupyter Hub, Kubeflow, MLFlow, TensorFlow, Scikit, Apache Spark, Kafka

Professional Experience:
Texas Medicaid & Healthcare Partnership Austin, TX Nov 2022 - Present
Data Analyst/Reporting Analyst
Create documents with high-level requirements and assist technical teams in developing the best use cases and database design, Reporting, and Interpreting data to provide insight that support Business Decision.
Create, and maintain report, dashboards, and other data Visualization tools.
Used python libraries like NumPy, Pandas, SciPy for analysis purposes, while visualization libraries of Python like Seaborn, Matplotlib for graphs plotting.
Present the dashboards using BI analytics tools like Power BI, designed customized interactive dashboards in Tableau using Marks, Action, filters, parameter, calculations, and Relationships.
Work closely with the BA Lead on the development of the new systems that will allow the bank to offer new goods and services to its stakeholders, during various stages of testing, coordinate with the testing team in the UAT phase, represent end-users.
Created ETL jobs and custom transfer components to move data from smaller teams to centralized area (SQL Server) to meet minimum capital requirements using SSIS.
Conducted a needs assessment for the department of healthcare.
Worked on catapulting data from Teradata to snowflake to consume on Databricks, provided data-driven insights to inform business decisions.
Experience in various enterprise level application for Texas state agency including Health and Human Services Commission, Texas Workforce Commission and Office of Attorney General, Child support.
Developed reports or created dashboards, providing financial-related information to make informed business decisions.
Monitored competitive landscape to develop knowledge of prevailing trends, financials, and operating drivers across multiple industry segments.
Support during Production deployment, Post implementation support for Production issue resolution.
Procuring items for equipment, pulling items from the WH via reservations and procuring items without equipment reference of all master data objects required to support SAP PM, MM, FICO and CRM.
Assigning numerical value to essential business functions so that business performance can be assessed and compared over periods of time.
leader of large-scale full project life-cycle deployments.
Provided Product Owner SME support and technical interface to drive business requirements gathering, systems build acceptance strategy, quality assurance testing execution, and production rollout for application enhancement releases.
Using statistical tools to identify, analyze, and interpret patterns and trends in complex data sets could be helpful for the diagnosis and prediction, End-to-end design workshops, SAP PM implementation.
Using automated tools to extract data from primary and secondary sources, remove corrupted data and fix coding errors and related problems.
Created different interactive views and reporting Dashboards by combining multiple views using Tableau Desktop, preparing final analysis reports for the stakeholders to understand the data-analysis steps, enabling them to take important decisions based on various facts and trends,
Created ETL jobs and custom transfer components to move data from smaller teams to centralized area (SQL Server) to meet minimum capital requirements using SSIS.
Management planning, business analytics, system & database design, and program/project implementation initiatives working in child welfare, health, social services local government and financial services industries
Create custom LODs and other measures to get accurate numbers for HR data.
Working with programmers, engineers, and management heads to identify process improvement opportunities, propose system modifications, and devise data governance strategies, PowerBI, Analytics, SQL Data Analysis, Microsoft Azure OR Active Directory data sources and structure, Programming which can include PowerShell, Python, Java, etc.,
Well versed in probability and statistics, Data Management and Warehousing, Dashboarding and Visualization, Data model design, High level understanding of IT infrastructure and complex systems.
Expertly managed deployment, maintenance and post-implementation support.
Expertise in migrating data into data warehouse and worked on techniques like Star flake schema and Snowflake schema to arrange and modify the data warehouse.
Presenting dashboards to leadership and business partners, Data connection into major infrastructure systems.
Reporting and Analytics:
Used SAP Business Intelligence tools to create insightful reports and dashboards, providing valuable insights into equipment performance, maintenance costs, and resource utilization.
Developed and maintained reports objects in OAC/OBIEE/OTBI/Cloud.

Farmers Insurance Irving, TX Sep 2018 – Oct 2022
Business Analyst
7+ years’ experience in business analysis or a related field.
Ability to work with business units and determine reporting needs based on existing models.
10+ years of hands-on development experience with Microsoft Business Intelligence stack.
Demonstrates proficiency in the development of Power BI reporting and analytics platforms including data modeling and Power BI Report and Dashboard development.
Assisted and work with supervisor on special project such as setting up computer for clients training classes and help greet and assist clients requiring child care.
Exposed to Oracle Business Intelligence and performed proof of concepts on Oracle BI publisher.
Ability to analyze existing reporting and determine how to incorporate changes and enhance using Power BI.
Ability to develop and document user/data stories, build wireframes for visualization utilizing best practice on data visualization.
Create Process Flow documents for the Child welfare Support Process.
Ability to create project plans and schedules as well as develop a roadmap based on client's reporting requirements.
Provide support in testing of BI reports and Dashboards.
Managed coding, unit testing, deployment, maintenance and post-implementation support.
Under contract to reverse-engineer and re-implement a large-scale case management system.
Tableau used to create and build some HR data models and dashboards.
Conduct client demos and solicit feedback on the artifacts created by the team.
Test and configure Cisco devices and provide production rollout support as well as break/fix support.
Willing to establish strong work relationships with clients and team members.
Ability to generate ideas and understand different points of view.
Strong prioritization and multi-tasking skills with a track record of meeting deadlines.
Ability to be creative and analytical in a problem-solving environment.
Involved in Discovery Sessions for the Child welfare Support Process.
Excellent verbal and written communication skills.
Child Welfare background a plus.
Provide expertise in Data Modeling and Database Design.
Architect and develop data models utilizing Power BI applying best practices to the development lifecycle.
Documentation of source-to-target mappings, data dictionaries, and database design.
Identify areas of improvement to optimize data flows.
Expected Deliverable(s) BI Data Model, Source-Target Mapping document, Data Dictionary, SQL Queries and Stored procedures.
Responsibilities
Work with business units and determine reporting requirements.
Develop and document data/user stories.
Build wireframes for visualization utilizing best practice on data visualization.
Develop project plan and schedule.
Present client demos and solicit feedback.
Co-ordinate with client and development team to fine tune requirements and design.
Develop and share status reports with clients.
Identify and highlight risks and work with clients to resolve the same.
Expected Deliverable(s) Data Stories, User Stories, Data Visualization Wireframes and Mock-ups, Project plan and schedule.
Ability to thrive in a fast-paced, dynamic, client-facing role delivering solid work products.
Excellent communication and interpersonal skills.
Adaptable to new environments, people, technologies, and processes.
Ability to manage ambiguity and solve undefined problems.
Extremely strong SQL skills.
Experience working with Agile development methodology.

Mechanics Bank Rodeo, CA Mar 2016 – Aug 2018
Business/Data Analyst/ IT Audit
Enable/Support platform to do distributed data processing using Apache Spark and other distributed / scale technologies.
Build ETL pipelines, ingress / egress methodologies in context to AIML use-cases.
Build highly scalable backend REST APIs for metadata management and other misc. business needs.
Developed, created, and deployed business intelligence (BI) solutions for data, finance, and accounting.
Experience of ETL and Data Warehousing principles, as well as incremental loads, Maintained and supported data analytics platforms, converting business requirements into technical specifications, created dashboard reports from relational databases, and developing data storage tools.
Experience developing AIML platforms & frameworks (including core offerings such as model training, inferencing, distributed/parallel programming), preferably on Kubernetes and native cloud.
Highly skilled with Python or JAVA programming language
Highly skilled with database languages like SQL & NoSQL
Experience designing, developing, and deploying highly maintainable, extensible, and testable distributed applications using Python and other languages.
Design, develop, test, deploy, and maintain distributed & GPU-enabled Machine Learning Pipelines using K8s/AKS based Argo Workflow Orchestration solutions, while collaborating with Data Scientists.
Perform functional, benchmark & performance testing and tuning to achieve performant AIML workflow(s), interactive notebook user experiences, and pipelines.
Work with relevant engineering, operations, business lines, and infrastructure groups to ensure effective architectures and designs and communicate findings clearly to technical and non-technical partners.
Proficient in customizing SAP PM functionalities, including equipment and technical objects management, maintenance planning, work order management, and preventive maintenance, educated clients how to use Salesforce and its services through customer and administration training sessions.
Contact this candidate