SATYA VENI LEKKALA
(***) *** - **** ad1881@r.postjobfree.com linkedin.com/in/satya-veni-lekkala/

SKILLS
Technical Proficiency:
●Power BI (Power Query, DAX)
●MS Office, Excel – Pivot Tables, VLookup
●Tableau
●DevOps
●SQL
●Python, R
Analytics: Data Processing, Data Cleaning and transformation, Data Visualization, Statistical Analysis
Project Management: Implementation Coordination, Milestone Tracking, Workflow analysis
Business Analysis: Scheduling, Recording and Minutes, Attention to detail, Task prioritization
Customer Relations: Business Process Analysis & Improvement, Stakeholder Management.
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Streamline Healthcare Solutions, Kalamazoo Oct 2022 – Dec 2023
Associate Business Analyst (Jun 2023 – Dec 2023)
●Overseeing project schedules and monitored the progress of implementation tasks by organizing daily tasks for better efficiency and use of resources.
●Documented comprehensive meeting notes to confirm customer requirements and expectations throughout the project and implementation phases before the go-live stage.
●Produced project status reports, scrutinizing patterns, and assessing information
●Collaborated with stakeholders to define project objectives, criteria and generated process documentation.
●Cultivating customer relationships and evaluating EHR management requirements by assisting Clinical/Billing/Data Integration departments and customers to understand business needs and translate them into requirements and project scope to improve client satisfaction by partnering with the Subject matter experts (SME).
●Created tasks in DevOps and updated the status accordingly to the customers by coordinating with cross-functional teams.
●Deployment of latest build releases and MSPs into the EHR environments.
●Engaged in consultative sessions with clients to comprehend and address software needs as well as overseeing update coordination.
●Exercised critical thinking to resolve various errors encountered in the EHR platform.
●Conducted training sessions for new users of the application on the EHR Ticketing system and Ad-Hoc reporting etc.
●Collaborated with the technical team to execute enhancements and improvements after reviewing and evaluating the implementation process as well as the inputs from customers.

Data Analytics (Product Management) Intern (Oct 2022 – Apr 2023)
●Microsoft Excel: Researched and compiled data to prepare competitive analysis and trend analysis for business development by performing data cleansing and creating visualization tools to demonstrate a correlation between multiple factors using Pivot tables, pivot charts, and Dashboard.
●Reviewed, and tested User cases for process standardization in the EHR platform.
●Addressed product-related questions by reviewing reports to provide informed responses.
●Communicated effectively with internal stakeholders to ensure work quality and provide deliverables promptly.
●Power BI: Professional Survey Data was transformed using Power Query editor and various plots were built using visual encodings and various charts for storytelling. A dashboard was created to draw better insights showcasing individuals working in different industries, their job preferences, high-paying roles, interest in learning new programming languages, etc. aiding in effective job search and improving their skills according to the demand and geographic diversity.

Sr. Research Associate, Suven Pharmaceutical Sciences, India Apr 2015 – Dec 2018
●Worked four years as a Quality Analyst (Sr. Research Associate) to manage a scientific facility to ensure a quality environment.
●Lead and trained a team of four to complete tasks and projects with integrity and in a timely manner by paying close attention to detail, delivering accurate and precise results ensuring quality.

EDUCATION
Grand Valley State University (GVSU), Michigan, MI Aug 2021 – Apr 2023
Master of Science in Health Informatics and Bioinformatics (3.88 GPA)
Teaching Assistant/Student Grader Feb 2023 – Apr 2023
●Evaluated and managed documents for 50+ students for a Statistics course in an organized manner to ensure academic integrity and accuracy.
●Assisted students in encouraging and enhancing their performance by providing regular feedback on students' strengths and areas for development.
IT Technician (IT Services) May 2022 – Apr 2023
●Managed IT Labs to ensure that the facility is operating efficiently by monitoring systems in operation and quickly troubleshooting errors.
●Served faculty and students by providing excellent customer service and resolved technical challenges.

ACADEMIC PROJECTS

Obesity Data Analysis and Visualization (Tableau) Apr 2023
●Performed Data Analysis and Data Cleaning using Microsoft Excel on Obesity data.
●Generated various plots and created a dashboard to visualize the impact of genetics, lifestyle, and dietary choices on the prevalence of Obesity using visual encodings and various charts.
Lung Carcinoma and Employees Medical Data Analysis (R Studio) Apr 2022
●Performed statistical analysis on lung carcinoma data and visualized the significant factors using ggplot.
●Employees' medical data was pre-processed, and analyzed, and the best classification models were predicted.
Social media usage analysis (Python) Dec 2021
●Data was collected from the undergraduate students of GVSU and was analyzed using python.
●The results were visualized (matplotlib) to determine the most widely used social media platform among Tik-Tok, Instagram, and Snapchat during weekdays by the undergraduates.

HONORS

●Received “Graduate School Citation Award for Academic Excellence” at GVSU.
●Won 3rd prize for Poster presentation at Pharma Analytica event (India)
Contact this candidate