Yolanta Wrotniak-Vucic
Healthcare Data Analyst
ad1ns0@r.postjobfree.com • 739566431
www.statconsultingzoo.com• Zamosc, Poland

Summary
Highly skilled and experienced Healthcare Data Analyst with over 15 years of experience in healthcare statistical data analysis and epidemiology. Proficient in programming with SAS, R, SPSS, MINITAB, and MS Access, with a focus on handling large data sets. Adept at applying statistical methods and constructing various log linear models, including modelling of continuous and categorical data. Proficient in Tableau and Power BI, capable of creating interactive animated graphs and dashboard presentations. Expertise in utilizing wide range of statistical techniques, including linear, multiple and multivariate regression, univariate analysis, MANOVA, principal component analysis, factor analysis, canonical correlation, and discriminant analysis.
Technical Proficiencies
Platforms:
Windows 95/98/2000/NT/Windows 7, 10, 11, UNIX
Tools:
Visual Basic 6.0, VB.Net, ASP, HTML, SQL, Access, SQL Server 2000/2005/2012, Teradata, SAS, SPSS, SPSS-Answer Tree 3.1, Minitab, Python, R, Power BI, Tableau
Software:
MS Office 97/2000/2007/2010, Lotus 1-2-3, Excel, QuickBooks, Home Site 5, Adobe Photoshop
Career Experience
EPAM Warsaw, Poland Jan 2022 – Aug 2023
BI Analyst
Analyze business processes and functional requirements, prepare and communicate appropriate documentation to validate findings. Translate business problems into requirements, process changes, test cases, and data mapping diagrams. Create fully functional Power BI and Tableau dashboards from user stories by applying DAX language and business questions. Conduct data and workflow analysis and create current and future state data flow diagrams to assess business impact of changes or enhancements. Assist in developing analytical models and algorithms through data mapping for client FedEx projects. Collaborate with enterprise data team to develop and test innovative solutions to address business needs as part of Agile Change Management processes.
Utilized Excel, Swagger Hub APIs, Jason, and Yaml tools to identify and understand data issues and quantify impacts or provide answers to business requirements.
Performed data analysis via data discovery, investigation, and impact assessments using best practices and illustrated understanding via data flows in draw io software.
Collecting the business requirements in Miro dashboards, facilitating workshops, gathering required information from stakeholders and facilitating meetings with Clients.
Applying database and data warehouse principles-MS SQL Server Management Studio by identifying design activities based on the requirements and success criteria, written and documented Views, Stored Procedures and Functions.
Following that, identifies the appropriate data sources and performs mapping the data from source to target by applying the appropriate SQL Scripts.
Identifying the input fields from Databases and target the correct source by presenting results in MS Excel.
Creating process pipelines through addressing use case scenarios for as is architecture and documenting those processes in MS Word and Excel.
Creating Digital Dashboards and Data Gathering requirements for Clients in Miro Dashboards.
Certara, New York, NY May 2021 – Dec 2021
Senior Analyst, Statistics
Coded clients’ projects using SAS and proc sql, macros, and data steps as per Statistical Analysis Plan (SAP). Evaluated test data and results of complex studies, and devised plans to ensure suitable sample size and statistical methods to support study end points. Created project documentation shell tables for clients, following SAP specifications. Ensured harmonization of clinical monitoring plans, data management plans, and statistical analysis plans, and delivery of high-quality data and analysis results for regulatory submissions. Prepared variables for outputting. Reviewed study database structure, edit checks, and data management coding conventions. Prepared and reviewed programming specifications for creating derived datasets, tables, listings, and figures.
Conducted Survival Analysis with Cox Regression Model, linear, and logistic regression by participating in data set creation.
Authored statistical analysis plans, including definition of derived data and design of statistical tables, figures, and data listings for clinical summary reports, and executed analysis per plan.
Developed statistical analysis programs to merge complex data structures from multiple databases, creating analysis data set (ADS)
Participated in developing database clinical trial data specifications, including eCRF design, user requirements, edit rules/checks, query logic, and data validations, and ensured alignment with statistical analysis requirements and goals.
Provided complex specifications and directions to clinical data analysts for creating ADS and/or TLFs.
Prepared Data Management Plans for clinical projects and coded SAS Macros for outputting results.
Worked on the adjustment through multivariate analysis using Baseline variables as covariates and prepared SAS code for linear, logistic regression as well as Cox Regression modeling.
Written SAS macros for outputting comorbidities and patient baseline characteristics and complications as per Statistical Analysis Plan.
Written in Base SAS programming (Data Steps), SQL programming (Proc SQL) as well as Macro language for use in making this code more efficient for outputting results for the interpretation.
Developed an understanding of client’s data environment and how that applied to developing data models: analyze and determine what data were available and necessary to create desired data models through statistical analysis
Used SAS and Power BI for data exploration, to include developing the intuition about data, exploration of data distributions, summary statistics and graphs including histograms
Norwegian American Hospital Chicago IL Oct 2018– Jan 2020
Data Quality Analyst
Conducted analysis and abstracted information from medical records for CMS. Analyzed processes and developed statistical control charts in QI Macros following the guidelines of Lean Six Sigma for healthcare measures to improve efficiency. Produced and updated statistical reports to depict trends in hospital performance data.
Created statistical process control methods for mortality and complication indices utilizing MS Excel.
Developed statistical models for mortality and complication indices and calculated 60th percentile.
Statistical Consulting, Oak Lawn, IL Aug 2017 – Jan 2020
Lead Data Analyst
Conducted multivariate analysis using discriminant analysis, multivariate regression, or clustering to consider several related variables simultaneously and provide accurate results. Identified limitations of discriminant analysis due to non-compliance with multivariate normal distribution and suggested alternative statistical methods for data analysis. Assisted in selecting appropriate distribution models and estimation methods, like Maximum Likelihood Method and Bayesian Estimation, for survival data analysis based on specific research objectives.
Performed statistical tests to compare means and variation for two or more samples, such as t-tests, ANOVA, and MANOVA.
Developed alternative approach to discrimination between two groups using logistic regression.
CIGNA-Health Solutions, Chicago, IL Jul 2017 – Aug 2017
Informatics Specialist
Validated and extracted membership data, claims data, and care coordination data from different servers and databases. Optimized SQL queries in SQL Server 2012 by creating new ones and enhancing existing queries according to specific needs.
Revitalized compliance reports and financial and operational reports by developing new features and enhancing existing ones.
Produced summary reports in Excel by writing SQL queries to compile CMS Medicaid data.
HCSC-Health Care Service Corporation Chicago Dec 2014 – Jan 2017
Senior Business Solutions Consultant
Developed and improved Value Based Care Project utilizing Teradata and SAS Enterprise Guide. Generated required datasets and coded reports using Mede Analytics and executed UAT testing in Teradata. Created SQL code in Teradata to authenticate reporting outcomes between Cognos and Mede Analytics. Prepared quality data checks for reporting requirements and wrote Testing and Business Documentation in MS Excel for Mede Analytics. Conducted comprehensive evaluation of business information needs and created system and data specifications for reporting modules in Mede Analytics. Executed SAS Enterprise Guide for regression analysis of various clinical measures.
Validated reporting outcomes of each ACO in MS Access using data from both Mede Analytics and company's Teradata database.
Conducted quantitative analysis of health management data sets including pharmacy, claims, provider, and member data to drive business decisions.
Transformed logic from MS Access Database for Mede Analytics Reports using SAS Program for Quarterly Validation.
Created SQL code in Teradata to authenticate various Enhancements in UAT Environment before promoting Code to Production.
Oklahoma Foundation for Medical Quality, Inc., Oklahoma, OK Mar 2013 – Sep 2014
Healthcare Data Analyst/ Biostatistician
Conducted statistical analysis on quantitative and categorical data using SAS software, including Proc Glimmix, and presented results in Excel through extensive macro programming. Organized and processed data by checking for inaccuracies, adjusting and weighting raw data. Applied SAS and Tableau software for stratification of Florida data, creating trend lines and outputting results to predefined Excel tables. Created patient or hospital discharge datasets on heart failure, stroke, immunizations, and emergency visits using SAS Data Steps, Macros, and predefined report templates in Excel.
Analysed hospital discharge data using SAS programs, such as Proc Genmod and Glimmix, and presented statistical analysis in predefined Microsoft Excel tables.
Extracted hospital discharge data from all hospitals in country using SAS programs with Proc SQL and data steps.
Developed SAS programs to analyse heart failure, pneumonia, and acute myocardial infarction for multiple years, and presented statistical results in predefined Excel templates.
Conducted statistical analysis on emergency visit data for AHRQ by calculating median of median and percentages for each state and national rate, presenting results in Excel.
Additional Experience
Epidemiologist, Hektoen Institute LLC, Chicago IL, 2011

Wrote various statistical analysis programs using SAS on HIV/AIDS by manipulating lab results data and prepared various summary reports and graphs. Wrote various data dictionaries and applied various statistical tests as well as created various summaries using Proc Tabulate and Proc Freq in SAS. Maintained and adequately changed various SAS programs of City of Chicago data to show various statistical outcomes necessary for TLC project meetings. Wrote SAS programs summarizing incompleteness of data necessary to be looked up by the data collection team. Applied various SQL join techniques to join the data from multiple tables for summary reports.
Instructed other epidemiologists on applying various statistical techniques: regression analysis, logistic regression, CHISQ, CMH and measures of association based on the available data.
Explained statistical methodology including assumptions of McNemar’s, Fisher Exact, Cochran Armitage Trend tests applied to the binomial and ordinal data.
Supervised employees conducting the HIV/AIDS data entry.

Group System Analyst, Resurrection Hospital, Morton Grove, IL, 2009-2010

Performed case management analysis by generating graphical control charts as per Lean Six Sigma standards using Minitab and MS Excel. Wrote executives summaries on the best practices for risk management and data quality in Medical Records System. Utilizing MS Access, performed physician profiles to determine the best physicians based on the top MS DRGs as well as number of admitted patients.
Performed correlation analysis on the Hospital Acquired Conditions data.
Conducted regression analysis on the length of stay with explanatory variables: patient age, hospital acquired condition and illness severity.

Data Manager, Children's Memorial Hospital, Chicago IL, 2006-2008

Created plan to build Microsoft SQL Server database capturing Chicago Cohort Questionnaire data related to Food Allergy and Immunology Study. Created an implementation of the lung function data collection process designed to capture data in the most efficient way for conducting statistical analysis. Provided accurate data acquisition and furnished accurate data files with appropriately documented data dictionaries to statistical team. Developed skin test data comparison program utilizing Visual Basic.Net software to resolve data inconsistencies while verifying raw data as well as changes conducted during the data entry process. Utilizing Visual Basic.Net software wrote programs reading the lung function data and inputting data in MS Access database capturing data in the efficient way in terms of preparation for statistical analysis. Wrote SAS programs converting questionnaire data to the appropriate formats utilizing SAS data import with ODBC connection, proc SQL and data steps.
Conducted statistical analysis of food allergy data by applying log linear model with proc GENMOD in SAS with dependent variable current asthma diagnosis and age, repeated subject family id as explanatory variables.
Applied GLIMMIX procedure to binomial eczema diagnosis dependent variable and gender, race, age and peanut severity code as predictor variables.
Applied McNemar’s test for symmetry between patients with food allergy and food challenge to test the null hypothesis of marginal homogeneity.
Analyzed statistical association between drugs coded as inhaled steroids and controller steroids and severity of asthma.
Utilizing sas procedure proc MIX analyzed data statistically and interpreted the random effects models to determine the number of patients with food allergies and reasons towards them.
Supervised Research Associates and students in summer working on various aspects of data entry.

Database Manager, Illinois CPA Society, Chicago IL, 2003-2006

Developed customized reports by extracting and combining data from multiple sources utilizing MS Access and SPSS software. Developed and executed complex queries utilizing MS Access and MS SQL Server databases. Assured accuracy of content and established parameters by efficiently maintaining databases being utilized for various marketing campaigns. Provided necessary data for the annual dues billing process resulting in higher accuracy and better payment cycle time by running various queries in MS SQL Server database.
Analyzed data by applying various statistical methods to determine factors having an influence on the retention rate of existing members.
Developed conference attendee profiling ad-hoc reports with a purpose to determine effectiveness in getting members and non-members conference registration process as smooth as possible.
Analyzed and interpreted Accounting Consultation Volunteers data and prepared statistical member retention and chapter demographic reports utilizing MS Access and MS Excel software.

Education
Master of Science in Applied Statistics
DePaul University, Chicago, 2010
Bachelor of Science in Computer Science
DePaul University, Chicago, 2000
Contact this candidate