Manasa Enugala
Data Analyst Power BI/Tableau/MicroStrategy/SSRS
Phone: 408-***-****
Email: ad1vu7@r.postjobfree.com
https://www.linkedin.com/in/manasa-enugala-994502168/

Summary:

Around 7+ years of experience in Data warehousing and Reporting with excellent analytical, problem solving and communication skills
Proven experience in working with end-users, actively listening to their requirements, and designing and delivering Power BI/Tableau/MicroStrategy/SSRS reports with various features such as hierarchies, charts, filters, quick filters, table calculations, parameters, calculated measure, and actions, leading to improved decision-making and resulting in a 90% satisfaction rate among clients
Expertise in connecting Power BI/Tableau/MicroStrategy/SSRS to multiple disparate data sources using SQL database, extracting and transforming data, creating Mappings, Transformations, Sessions, and Workflows to extract data from various sources and load into targets, ensuring data accuracy and completeness.
Strong troubleshooting skills to identify data discrepancies or issues with existing reports and quickly resolving them, leading to improved data accuracy and resulting in a 25% reduction in data discrepancies.
Demonstrated ability to deploy changes into development, test, and production environments in line with the organization's change and release processes, using industry-standard tools like Bit Bucket, and Teams foundation server.
Proven track record of motivating others, working collaboratively with cross-functional teams, and delivering results on time, leading to high team morale, productivity, and customer satisfaction.
Proven experience in creating visually appealing dashboards and reports using Power BI/Tableau/MicroStrategy/SSRS, integrating them into other applications using embedded tools like Power BI service or Tableau Server or MicroStrategy Web, leading to improved user engagement.
Conduct workshops, sprint planning, user story creation, stand-up meetings, retrospectives, and refinement sessions.
Practice leadership in business modelling, use case modelling, logical data modelling, process & data flow modelling.
Perform business analysis in all phases of project life cycle, including initial requirements, evaluation of alternative solutions and gap analysis.
Provide KT and training to the new recruits and end users.
Prepare Business Requirement Documentation (BRD, FRD)
Collaborate with the teams & present technical requirements to the business.
Demonstrate experience working in an environment managing multiple, concurrent deliverables with shifting priorities, demands, and timelines.
Strong in writing & Optimizing SQL
Attend workshops, conferences to learn and implement the new features that promote data analysis.
Collaborate with cross functional teams and present the data to higher executives (Director and Vice President) to drive strategic decision making.
Propose innovative ideas/solutions to reduce cost and improve revenue of the company.

Technical Skills
Reporting Tools
Power BI,Tableau,MicroStrategy,SSRS.
Database
MS SQL Server, MS-ACCESS, Big Data Impala, Hive,Oracle
Programming
TSQL, DAX
SDLC Models
Agile,Waterfall,Iterative
Productivity Applications
MS Word, MS Excel, MS Access, MS Project, Visio
Quality Assurance tools
Bugzilla, HPQC, JIRA

Education: B.Tech in CS, Kakatiya University, India – 2012

Experience:

Citi Group, Jersey City, New Jersey Apr 2017 to present
PowerBI/Tableau/MicroStrategy Architect

Platform: Power BI
Reponsibilities:
Experience with Microsoft Power BI (Desktop, Service, Mobile)
Database performance tuning Built and published customized interactive dashboards utilizing Power BI.
Created the data model by pulling the data from multiple sources and transforming the raw data into business information by applying the transform rules.
Expertise in writing complex DAX functions in Power BI and Power Pivot.
Automated Power Query refresh using power shell script and Windows task scheduler.
Utilized Power Query in Power BI to Pivot and Un-Pivot the data model for data cleansing and data massaging.
Developed and rendered monthly, weekly, and Daily reports as per the requirement and gave Roles, and user access with respect to security in the report manager
Created multiple dimensions, perspectives, hierarchies, and dynamic measures (DAX) to analyze the performances of each KPI.
Created complex DAX Queries to meet the business requirement of conditional hiding of data, created conditional columns and measures.
Worked on Data Analysis Expressions (DAX) for accessing data directly from the tabular SSAS Database.
Used MDX to create custom groupings, parameters, named sets, main reports, and sub-reports. Also, for creating reports with line and pie charts included.
Design & implement migration strategies for traditional systems on Azure (Lift and shift/Azure Migrate, other third-party tools) worked on Azure suite: Azure SQL Database, Azure Data Lake (ADLS), Azure Data Factory (ADF) V2, Azure SQL Data Warehouse, Azure Service Bus, Azure Key Vault, Azure Analysis Service (AAS), Azure Blob Storage, Azure Search, Azure App Service, Azure data Platform Services.
Worked on writing ad hoc SQL scripts which are required for reporting purposes.
Worked on user management for Power BI. Sharing the dashboard access for Power BI online.
Worked on Power BI dashboards and ad hoc DAX queries for Power BI.
Extensive back-end support for many various reports on Tableau and Power BI.
Built the model on the Azure platform using Python and Spark for the model development and Dash by Plotly for visualizations.
Built REST APIs to easily add new analytics or issuers into the model. Automate different workflows, which are initiated manually with Python scripts and Unix shell scripting.
Create, activate, and program in the Anaconda environment.
Worked on predictive analytics use cases using Python language.
Write Python scripts to parse JSON documents and load the data in the database.
Generating various capacity planning reports (graphical) using Python packages like Numpy, and Matplotlib.
Analyzing various logs that are been generating and predicting/forecasting the next occurrence of an event with various Python libraries.
Used Python APIs for extracting daily data from multiple vendors.
Recreating existing application logic and functionality in the Azure Data Lake, Data Factory, SQL Database, and SQL data warehouse environment.
Experienced in developing Power BI Reports and Dashboards from multiple data sources using Data Blending.
Experience in developing ETL SSIS Packages with high-level designs for integrating data from various connections from diverse sources (Excel, CSV, Flat files, Text).
Explore data in a variety of ways and across multiple visualizations using Power BI.
Adept in BI reporting, Data Analysis, ETL, creating dashboards and reports by combining data from multiple source systems within Power BI to create executive reports with row-level security (RLS) and distribute among end users using Power BI service and scheduled gateway refresh.
Applied transform rules Data Conversion, Data Cleansing, Data Aggregation, Data Merging, and Data split.
Created new measures and new calculated columns for reports and dashboard analysis.
Created data visualizations using various visual objects (Line chart, Bar chart, Treemap, Single card, KPI, Map, Pie chart, custom visuals).

Platform:Tableau:

Worked with business stakeholders and participated in requirement gathering sessions to understand the business needs.
Responsible for creating dashboards and overall creation of data visualizations.
Created dashboard designing with effective data visualization of large data volumes from various data sources (SQL server, oracle, spreadsheets etc).
Converted MicroStrategy Dashboards to Tableau Dashboards
Used advanced chart visualizations in Tableau—such as dual axis, box plots, bullet graphs, tree maps, bubble charts, and waterfall charts—to solve complex problems and to create interactive dashboards and visualizations.
Created different Action filters, Parameters and calculated fields to create most complicated dashboards.
Prepared Dashboards using calculations, parameters in Tableau and created calculated fields, groups, sets and hierarchies etc.
Used Oracle, SQL server, Big Data Impala and Hive as data sources for designing Tableau Reports and Dashboards.
Distributed Tableau reports using techniques like Packaged Workbooks, PDF etc.
Provided customer support to Tableau users and Wrote Custom SQL to support business requirements.
Expert level capability in Tableau calculations and applied complex, compound calculations to large, complex data sets.
Worked closely with reporting team for deploying Tableau reports and publishing them on the Tableau and Share point server.
Validated data at the row level and data level to ensure completeness and correctness of data.
Reconciled the report data with the source systems and reviewed it to find any data anomalies.
Created custom date time calculations and macros in the reports.
Created jobs, schedules and report views for the business users.
Involved in administrative activities, doing deployment and monitoring schedules and jobs.
Used a 3rd party Tableau extension tool(Use Ready Pixel Perfect) to create print ready PDF, Excel and Power point reports.
Provided customer support to Tableau users and Wrote Custom SQL to support business requirements.
Configure & maintain multiple data source connections in Tableau/Power BI across a variety of complex data sources.
Apply Row Level Security to restrict access to data
Tableau server experience with admin works been carried out (user addition, customizing privileges, creation & maintenance of groups and projects, Migration etc.,)
Prepared data using Alteryx for dashboards and reports from multiple data sources
Created training videos and conducted workshops to promote usage of tableau reports.
Determine initial visualization requirements, including development of technical workflow diagrams, Tableau wireframes & interactive Proofs-of-Concept (PoC’s).

Platform: MicroStrategy

Worked on advanced MicroStrategy Reports concepts by creating attributes, facts, metrics, filters, Custom groups and templates using MicroStrategy Desktop
Analyzed and developed the new objects in Dev environment. Migrated them to QA environment after unit testing
Created complex Logical Views in MicroStrategy
Worked with Pass through Functions like Apply Simple, Apply Comparison & Customized attribute Qualification Filters
Designed and built schema objects using MicroStrategy Architect
Involved in creating MicroStrategy objects like Metrics (Conditional, Transformational, Dimensional, and Compound), Filters, Prompts (Filter, Object), Templates and Reports
Responsible for maintaining the Intelligence Server including the Metadata repositories for different environments
Working with Business Users to fix reports which required minor changes.
Involved in the troubleshooting and Performance Tuning of the reports using VLDB properties.
Built Documents and visually stunning dashboards as per the requirement of end users.
Worked on developing Expression and Table based Transformation.
Developed MicroStrategy Dynamic Dashboards in the Flash Mode using several controls and worked extensively on widgets.
Created Schedules for the reports and documents suggested by the End Users.
Involved in migration of projects from Dev to UAT and UAT to PROD
Created drill maps for end users to drill down and recover data.
Worked in both Ad-hoc and standard reporting environments and involved in creating Reports scalable to large volumes of data.
Tuned and improved the performance of the dashboards using VLDB properties, database tuning and using cubes.
Involved in troubleshooting MicroStrategy Web Reports, optimizing the SQL using the VLDB Properties.
Took part in design and development of Data marts and integrating them with Data warehouse.
Used Administrator tools like Project Merge and object Manager to move the objects from one environment to another environment.
Designed and Developed MicroStrategy Dashboards using customized Widgets.
Created Datasets for the Dynamic dashboards using various selectors, panels and widgets.
Extensively used report services to create dashboards to create summary level reports using multiple datasets.
Used several new controls for dashboards like time series slider, radio buttons and dropdown menus for the Flash version of the dashboards.

T-Mobile, Dallas, Texas Oct 2016 to Mar 2017
MicroStrategy / SSRS Developer
Created and modified public and schema objects using MicroStrategy.
Developed reports, dashboards & scorecards for HR & financial reporting.
Migrated reports from Business Objects to MSTR.
Provided subject matter expertise on analysis and visual representations to foster analytical insights.
Converted numbers into meaningful visualizations to demonstrate business performance trends across various sectors.
Widely used Panel Stacks, Selectors, Layouts and Widgets, advanced Filters, Prompts and custom groups.
Performed package creation and migration of objects between projects using Object Manager
Scheduled data loads using Command Manager.
Offered friendly and efficient service to customers, handled challenging situations with ease.
Developed and implemented several types of Financial Reports by using SSRS. Validated reports and resolve issues in a timely manner.
Created sub-reports, drill-down reports, summary reports, parameterized reports, and ad-hoc reports using SSRS.
Experience in developing several Details, Summary reports including line and pie charts, trend analysis reports, and sub-reports per business requirements using SSRS.
Experience in generating on-demand and scheduled reports for business analysis or management decisions using SSRS.
Contact this candidate