SUMMARY

Results-driven, accomplished Business Analyst highly regarded for developing solutions that meet and exceed demanding requirements for enterprise implementations and workflow optimizations. Sought for analytical problem-solving skills to solve complex business challenges using industry standard and cutting-edge technologies. Strong leadership abilities and Agile methodology expertise with a proven track record of team collaboration. Skilled at gathering requirements, managing documentation, tracking progress, leading requirements workshops, conducting stakeholder interviews, creating user stories, and requirements analysis experience in Agile environments. Adept at developing metrics, reports, and training guides to drive adoption. Exceptional technical acumen with Excel, Power BI, Google Analytics, and other data tools. Proven ability to adapt and multitask in fast-paced environments. Holds a Master of Science in Information Systems from the University of North Texas.
Core Competencies

Data Analysis/Data Visualization
Data Structures/Algorithms
Problem Solving and Decision-making
Relational Databases
Data Warehousing
Written and Verbal Communication skills
Solution Implementation
Team Collaboration

SKILLS

Data Visualization
Tableau, MS Excel, Power Bi, DAX
Data Warehousing
Dimensional Modeling, ETL, SSIS, OLAP
Tools
UML, MS Office, Visio, Outlook, SharePoint, Confluence, Jira, Rally, Elastic Search
Methodologies
Agile (Scrum, Kanban) Waterfall
Testing Tools
HP ALM, QC, Jira, Selenium
Operating Systems (OS)
Windows95/98/2000, Windows 7,10, UNIX
Languages
HTML5, XML, C, Python
Browsers
IE, Mozilla Firefox, Google Chrome, Android, IOS
Certifications
Python (Coursera), Web Developer Bootcamp (Udemy)

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Project: Datahub Reports Development Feb 2023 – Present
Company: Capital One, Tx
Role: Business Systems Analyst

Description: Data integration and development of various Capital Markets reports regarding Valuations and Risk generated from Broadridge Financial Systems required by business groups to analyze business related intelligence and market risks. It is an integration of Oracle to Hadoop reporting system. The data was extracted, transferred, groomed, enriched, and loaded (ETL) in the Datahub developed using Windows SQL Server, and Python and transmitted using Kafka and Talend. Represent Datahub to business for various strategic projects and provide valid inputs and gathered requirements for its ultimate success.

Responsibilities:
Gather requirements from business regarding near live report development for Valuations and Risk Calculations, frequency, need, and data requirement using automation through Kafka connectors linked to Cloud Servers.
Organize for consistent data streaming, storage, processing and publishing using Kafka APIs.
Near live messaging inputs are provided for Credit Valuation Adjustment (CVA), Funding Valuation Adjustment and Profit and Loss Attribution for trading using automation through Kafka connectors and Swift Messaging.
AS-IS and TO-BE process analysis to estimate the existing GAP analysis in process flows and requirements using MS Visio.
Represent the clients, created, and elaborated on User Stories and confirmed all requirements are covered.
Employed Agile methodology namely Scrum and SAFe and coordinating daily scrum, sprint planning and iteration reviews.
Conducted Walk-through sessions with stakeholders to explain reports.
Used Salesforce to understand and reengineer client onboarding and sales processes.
Organized for correct and updated data feeds for Precise adjustment of Valuations of Equities and Derivatives.
Supported front to back Extract, Transfer and Load (ETL), Electronic Data Interchange (EDI), Digital Products and Applications using SOA (Service Oriented Architecture) and RESTAPI.
Developed V-Look ups, Micros, pivot tables, various Formulas using advanced excel skills.
Analyzed the SMA system by using Splunk to identify security issues by analyzing log records.
Used Elastic Search for search words optimization requirements.
Created data mapping dictionary and transmission channels to transition and support Electronic Data Interchange (EDI), Digital Products, ERP systems and Applications.
Prepared the SRS Document using Use Case diagrams and Activity Diagrams to depict system functionality and user interaction.
Conducted Source to Target mapping exercises and created documents.
Worked as a SME to clarify complex terminologies regarding Equities, Derivatives, Repo, Options, Mutual Funds, Fixed Income Investments and Fund Wrap Systems.
Anti-Money Laundering (AML) related reports were created for submission to FINTRAC under PCMLTFA and associated Regulations.
Extensively utilized SQL queries for data analysis and data mining to verify data quality.
Analyzed daily financial transactions and reconciled revenue data from multiple source systems to provide accurate financial reporting.
Performed variance analysis on budget vs. actuals and partnered with Controller team to explain and document results.

Project: Data Transformation Project Apr 2019 to June 2021
Company: Jarus Technologies, INDIA
Role: Business Systems Analyst

Description: Bigdata systems development and data migration project for integration of data from different legacy systems (Windows) to the latest Data Lake environment developed on the Cloud using Big Data / Hadoop. Live and interactive reports were developed using Artificial Intelligence (AI) are presented on Tableau Application utilizing Kafka streams from Jethro Instance for streaming data. Development of complex reports from the new systems was a critical part of the project.
Responsibilities:
Gather and finalize business requirements to deliver accurate, live, and interactive reports using Tableau Application from Data Lake environment created on Big Data / Hadoop and transmitted using Kafka API streams from AWS Cloud.
AS-IS and TO-BE process analysis to determine project feasibility.
Documented standard operating procedures and validation checks for new data analytics platform to ensure data integrity.
Developed Data Mapping, Integration, Consolidation, Manipulation and Staging documents.
Performed GAP analysis of business rules, business and system process flows and requirements.
Work closely with UI/UX designers to translate user interface requirements into design dashboards.
Review and provide input on wireframes, mockups, and prototypes to ensure alignment with projectgoals.
Involved in development of thorough documentation for capturing business and technical details like Business Requirements Document (BRD), Functional Requirements Document (FRD), System Requirements Specification (SRS), Requirements Traceability Matrix (RTM).
Assisted the Project Manager in creation of the Project Charter, Project Management Plan (PMP),Work Breakdown Structure (WBS),and Change Control Management, Defect Management, and Project Management.
Collaborate with UI/UX designers to create wireframes, mockups, and prototypes that capture business and user requirements.
Practiced Agile (Scrum) methodology and coordinated daily scrum and iteration reviews.
Conducted Walk-through and training sessions to justify User stories.
Created data transmission pipelines to support Extract, Transfer and Load (ETL) front to back Electronic Data Interchange (EDI), Digital Products, Applications and AP systems using Rest APIs and SOA (Service Oriented Architecture).
Compliance issues were handled using SailPoint Controls and log information was recorded using Splunk.
Integrated ingenium for streamlining data and file management systems.
Conducted and participated in JAD sessions for requirement and risk analysis with various stakeholders.
Prepared the SRS Document using Use Case diagrams and Activity Diagrams to depict system functionality and user interaction.
Meticulously mapping each requirement to its corresponding design elements, code modules, and test cases within the RTM.
Partnered with development teams to ensure requirements were accurately implemented.
Implemented automated validation scripts to verify accuracy of migrated data against several legacy source systems.
Worked with the Legal and compliance teams to create Anti Money Laundering (AML) reports for FINTRAC under Proceeds of Crime (Money Laundering) and Terrorist Financing Act (PCMLTFA) and associated Regulations.
Acted as an interface between management, stakeholders, and execution team.
Finalized Test Plan, Test Cases and Test Specification Document for the application under test (AUT) in Quality center (HPQC).
Conducted the UAT and reviewed testing in HPALM and Selenium before final submissions.
Extensively utilized SQL queries for data analysis and data mining to verify data quality.
Created interactive reports, dashboards, and visualizations using Power BI to provide business stakeholders with insights into KPIs, trends, and operational data.
PROFESSIONAL COURSES
Scrum Foundations Certified (SFC) – SCRUM study
CBAP (IIBA) Examination Prep Course
EDUCATION

Masters in information systems and Technology (Aug 2021 – Dec 2022)
University of North Texas, Denton, TX 76201

Bachelor of Technology in Electronics and Communications Engineering (Sep 2015 – May 2019)
CVR College of Engineering, Hyderabad

ACADEMIC PROJECTS

Bi-Directional People Count
It is useful to register people count in public places with different entrances and exits using Infra-Red sensors and updating the data using IOT for security check-up while closing. Additionally, Electricity intensity can be controlled depending on the value of people count.

Predictive analysis on Housing Pricing
Analysing and Predicting the House Prices in a county by using Descriptive analysis and Predictive models that accept inputs from user that influence the price.
Technology Used: Python

IPL ANALYSIS AND PREDICTION
Developed a Machine learning project using classification algorithms to predict the best playing Xi for a team.
Dynamically extracting the data by iterating through webpage using selenium tool.
Technologies Used: Python & Selenium.

Prosper Loan Data visualisation
The tableau project is about the exploration done on the relationships between the people, what affects their Prosper Score and the penalty rate.
Technology Used: Tableau
Contact this candidate