Keerthana Lingampally
ad2fbh@r.postjobfree.com / +1-718-***-**** / Austin, TX
Summary
Experienced Data Researcher/Financial Analyst, boasting 5 years of expertise delivering insightful financial analysis and strategic recommendations. Proficient in financial modeling, budgeting, and forecasting. Demonstrated expertise in identifying key financial trends and providing actionable insights to drive business growth. Proven ability to collaborate cross-functionally and communicate complex financial information effectively to support informed decision-making.
Skills
Data Analysis, Market Research, Power BI, Financial Ratios, Audit and Assurance, Financial Modeling, Accounting, Finance, R, SQL, Strategic Insights, Financial Statement Analysis, Peer Analysis, Valuation Analysis, Cashflow Projections, Data Visualization, Data Analysis, Data Quality, Risk Analysis, Revenue Recognition, Invoice Processing, Data Reporting, Microsoft Power BI, Corporate Finance, Microsoft Suite (Excel, Word, PowerPoint)
Experience
Data Researcher II
S&P (Standard and Poor') GLOBAL
07/2021 - 01/2022
Build custom financial models, automated financial templates and descriptive models like Ratio Analysis, Peer Analysis, Valuation Analysis etc. for investment bankers, portfolio managers and research firms to assist them in their research and decision-making process. To perform the audit and assurance for the financial models, build by other analysts and to provide feedback after the audit to enhance the usability and performance of template. Partner with product teams on the timely and thorough testing of products, with an eye toward the client experience
Working with senior analysts on projects that improve and develop subject matter expertise, these include performing data pulls and providing editorial support. Working with clients to identify template opportunities and guide them through template building process. Participating in special projects that enhance Company’s operational excellence by reducing deficiencies and removing inefficiencies.
Prepare and issue management reports, including for Deferred Compensation and Stock Compensation to business partners.
Address business partner inquiries and ad hoc reporting requirements. Direct liaison with internal, as well as external employees and vendors.
Created Power BI dashboards and reports to present to the high-level management and clients Identify and analyze data trends to support business decision-making. Data Researcher I
S&P (Standard and Poor') GLOBAL
11/2018 - 07/2021
Analyze and interpret financial data to identify patterns and trends that can provide valuable insights for investment decisions.
Use data analytics tools to identify trends and patterns in large datasets. Collecting, forecasting, and analyzing the estimates data, calculating the actual data by considering historical data from client company reports.
• Using R studio to import the data from the client and analyze the data through visualizations and frame an informed decision on it.
Fixing a standard metrics for every stage of line items in financial statements to compare the same with actuals. Finalized design of a MYSQL database to store the output we received from R after the above two steps.
Using RPA (Robotic Process Automation) to eliminate duplication workflows. Maintain and update the most accurate information and deliver the data timely to the clients. Consistently make proactive suggestions regarding product usability, presentation, and data quality
Financial Analyst
Growth Idea Lab
05/2017 - 09/2018
Analyzing and interpreting the financial statements of Tech Giants to understand the impact of technology in global world.
Discussion with the management to understand the client investment portfolios, risk appetite of clients and their goals.
Regularly updating with accounting standards of international accounting body. Understand the product, database, UI and the contract. Create a mechanism to collect variable billing data and provide the finance team with relevant information for revenue recognition. Based on above knowledge/process, collect billable information and send the same to team OM for invoicing. Understand the contract and service delivery mechanism, ensure validity of the incoming invoice, partner with commercial and AP team to get the payment released. Understand the product, contract and data gathering mechanism. Resolve invoice dispute as per the overall business understanding.
Using your understanding of the business, contract and invoice, provide reporting back to the Sales/Commercial team to help them make critical decisions. Obtain a complete understanding of overall business cycle (Contract-service-billing) which includes the functioning of Sales, Sales Ops, Contract Management, Order Management, Accounts Receivable, Accounts Payable, SAP Reporting, Cash Application, Operations, Client Services etc. Perform quality control checks with the team to ensure all tasks completed where properly vetted out. Education
Master of Science in Business Analytics
Trine University • IN, USA
06/2022 - 12/2023
Post Graduate Diploma in Management in Finance and Operations ICBM- School of Business Excellence • Hyderabad, INDIA 07/2017 - 04/2019
Bachelor of Commerce
Satavahana University • INDIA
06/2014 - 04/2017
Academic Projects
Analyzed four company’s financial statements and calculated the financial ratios, Chat presentations using Power BI compared them with industry standard and suggested the improvements. Certificates
Certification in R from Udemy, Certifications from Securities Market Module, Certification on Indian Financial markets conducted by Karvy stock broking ltd, Certified Lean Facilitator
Contact this candidate