RIDWAN OKUNOLA
Richardson, Texas *****
214-***-****
ad2j5e@r.postjobfree.com

Career Objective:
With a rare eye for Insight, I am a committed Data Analyst with a background in International relations, looking for an ambitious company. As a lead Power BI Developer working on advanced Data Analysis with Power BI and a great understanding of cloud technology architecture such as AWS, GCP and Azure. I possess thorough troubleshooting and problem-solving skills. I am great at communicating insights from data to C-Suite executives with depth of technical experience Strong problem solving and analytical skills.

Core Skills:
Microsoft Power BI, Web Scraping, Data Cleaning, Survey Monkey, Google Analytics, Microsoft Forms, SQL, Data Analysis, Data Visualization, Reporting, Microsoft Excel, Requirement Gathering, Data Entry, Data Auditing, Creating Data Reports, AWS Administrator, Google Cloud Administration, Azure Q&A chatbot maker, Tableau, DAX, SAP, Power Query, Power Automate, Power Platform.

Work Experience:
ITECH DATA CONSULTING
- Power BI Developer/Data Analyst (Remote) July 2020 – Current
(Baltimore, Maryland)
Utilized Power BI to develop and analyze data models for both structured and unstructured data, including designing a Human Resources dashboard to track the hiring process.
Developed a Sales Analysis Dashboard to track and analyze sales performance across different regions of the company.
Established dynamic table relations, implemented measures in DAX, and created visuals with level filters to maintain data consistency across interactive/dynamic pages.
Translated business needs to technical specifications, conducted unit testing and troubleshooting, and efficiently handled large sets of data.
Designed, published, and maintained Power BI data models with many interrelated tables connected.
Successfully predicted monthly sales with an accuracy of 94.6% using historical financial records, completed 50 data reports for investors in Washington DC.
Designed and developed a Power BI dashboard for realtors, including a sales revenue projection feature.
Created a Revenue dashboard showing the Total Income generated weekly, monthly, and average all locations yearly using measures in DAX using Power BI.
Created a Franchisee recruitment Dashboard to show inquiries Leads/Deals in Pipeline by Recruiter and Step Analysis over time using Power BI.
Created a Call Analysis Dashboard showing the total number of calls answered, answer rate %, no of queue callbacks, average durations of calls, no of breaks by Agents and Call Hour over time using Power BI.
Created a Survey dashboard calculating Dax Measures for NPS Score, promoters, and detractors, while visualizing Comments using Word cloud and Table etc.
Created a Compliance Process Dashboard to show Franchisee, if they are Compliant/Non-compliant on certain attributes using Power BI.
Got data from Five9, Smartsheet and salesforce while Cleaning and preparing them in Power Query For analysis use in Power Bi.

Nigeria Inter - Bank Settlement System PLC - VI, Lagos - June 2019 - May 2020
Business Analyst

Main Duties
Data Scraping and Cleansing
Data scraping from shipping websites, cleaning of unstructured data and reorganizing with Excel and Power Query before presenting with Power BI. Worked with multiple data sources. This cleaned data is required for monthly reporting to C-level executives, and decision makers.

Supply Chain Data and Distribution Data Modelling
Created visualization models for pattern recognition for supply chain data for clients across Europe and Africa. Worked with structured and unstructured shipping data to create insight and determine distribution bottlenecks. My work helped the organization to recommend optimization techniques that saved the client more than $2million annually

Data Dashboard and Visualization
Using DAX in Microsoft Power BI, I built interactive maps and data dashboard for shipping locations, oil vessel movement and steel supply across China for the business team.
Interactive dashboards for easy refresh with data sources from Microsoft Excel, SQL, and Microsoft Access.

Educational Background:
. Obafemi Awolowo University (BSc) International Relations 2016 – 2020
. Colaberry, Fundamentals of SQL with MySQL June 2022

Other Skills:
Microsoft Word, Microsoft Excel, PowerPoint, Analytical Skills, Conflict Management, Research Writing, Design Thinking, Team building, Photography& Videography.

Languages: English
Contact this candidate