Monish Manjunath
www.linkedin.com/in/monish-manjunath ad2nhs@r.postjobfree.com https://github.com/monishgowda77
312-***-****
SUMMARY
o Around 6 years of professional experience working as a BI Analyst, Project Analyst, and Data Project Co-Ordinator with diverse industry verticals like retail, banking, healthcare, and service domains. o Has extensive experience as a BI Analyst/Manager, coach, trainer, and transformation engineer managing cross - functional teams using multiple methodologies. I have an exceptional background implementing organizational change management through streamlining and transforming how organizations manage projects (Waterfall, Agile, Hybrid).
o Extensive experience in Managing a project, Migration of work items (Initiatives, Features, User story, Issues, Bugs), creating, and scheduling work items, organizing and facilitating sprint reviews, and retrospective meetings, and designing and maintaining work items dashboard on Azure DevOps. o Proficient in designing and developing various dashboards & reports according to the end user requirements using Power BI, Tableau, and Google Data Studio. o Strong Experience in performing data analysis and data profiling using complex SQL on various source systems including Oracle and Microsoft SQL.
TECHNICAL SKILLS
Tools Tableau & Power BI (Power Query), Looker, SSRS, Excel (LOOKUP’s), Pivot charts. Cloud Services Microsoft Azure DevOps, Jira, Google Data Studio, Azure Data Factory (ETL), AWS. Management skills Business Process Improvement, Project Planning and Scheduling, Resource management.
Databases Oracle SQL Developer, MySQL, Microsoft Access, ETL. Languages Python & SQL.
WORK EXPERIENCE
Microsoft – Chicago, IL (Contract Remote) Dec 2021 – Present BI Analyst Project Manager:
o Hands-on involvement in scheduling work items, backlog grooming, sprint review, and retrospective meetings. o Involved in facilitating infrastructure, team meetings for requirements, blockers, and key metrics discussions. o Backlog tracking and status reporting to Key Stakeholders using Azure DevOps. o Hands on experience in creating and maintaining business process documents from scratch for smooth flow of the project.
o Involved in entire SDLC cycle from Business Requirements, Functional Requirements, Development and QA. o Developing and modifying new and existing Reports and Dashboards in Power BI for Microsoft 365 E5, FastTrack Metrics, O365, and packaged products enables smoother reporting flow to end users. o Developed SQL queries to retrieve and process data from DTL and DW2 databases to check irregularities and generate corresponding reports/dashboards.
Abbott – Chicago, IL (Contract) Jun 2021- Nov 2021 Data Project Analyst:
o Collaborating with clients & stakeholders in facilitating external systems, and databases to the Abbott ecosystem.
o Designed and Developed queries to retrieve data and validate with the DLM applications from business system owners.
o Developed dashboards for the Data Lifecycle Management process which consisted of KPIs like DLM success rate, rejection rate, and total no of applications which increased the efficiency of the DLM process by 20%. o Implemented pivot tables, and VLOOKUP, and performed mathematical operations using Excel. Monish Manjunath
www.linkedin.com/in/monish-manjunath ad2nhs@r.postjobfree.com https://github.com/monishgowda77
312-***-****
Spirit of ’76, LLC – Columbia, MO (Fulltime) Jul 2020 – May 2021 Data Project Co-Ordinator:
o Performed data extraction from CRM(Infusionsoft) and database (Sequel Pro), pre-processing steps like data cleaning and filtering on inventory, marketing, and sales data. o Documented marketing project requirements, scope, and process and Spear headed retrospective meetings between the sales, marketing, and the retail store team. o Facilitating smooth flow of work by co-ordination between various teams involved in the project. o Created reports for the Sales department to predict quarterly and yearly sales and for the Marketing department to show the products in demand based on previous sales using Tableau desktop. o Designed and developed interactive dashboards which included graphs and tables for the Marketing team and Sales team using Tableau which resulted in a 3% increase in customer conversion rate and 2.7 % increase in sales.
Atos India Private Limited, India Jun 2016 – Jun 2018 Data Analyst
ICICI Bank:
o Designed and implemented a relational database for storing details of loans, demographics, and user details. o Created a regression model to understand the overall fit of the variables affecting the model’s response variable.
o Designed and developed interactive dashboards for bank executives of various business segments such as Retail and Inclusive Finance for banking analysis using Tableau, resulting in a 1.7% reduction in loan defaulters.
Sanofi France (Pharma):
o Implemented ETL process on the company’s sales data using Power BI query editor. o Developed and calculated KPIs from evaluated data sources that support pharmaceutical decision-makers. o Designed impactful dashboards for area and product-wise sales analysis which consisted of KPIs like the sale of tablets / pharmaceutical products and revenue generated using Power BI which resulted in a 4% increase in sales.
EDUCATION
DePaul University, Chicago, United States
Master of Science in Information Systems (Business Intelligence) - GPA: 3.98 BMS Institute of Technology & Management, Bangalore, India Bachelor of Engineering in Information Science - GPA: 3.38
Contact this candidate