PRIYALOCHANI
MURALIKRISHNAN
P
M GA *****,
706-***-****
ad2vwx@r.postjobfree.com
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
Results-driven IT professional with over 8+ years of expertise in the Information Technology sector, specializing as a Power BI Developer/Data Analyst. Demonstrates strong analytical skills in development using BI tools such as Power BI, coupled with technical implementation proficiency in MS BI Solutions. SKILLS
Reporting - Package Power BI
(Desktop, Server, Pro), MS (SSAS,
SSRS)
• • Integration Tools (ETL/ELT) - SSIS • Data Modelling - Star and Snowﬂake
• Cloud reporting services - Azure Database tools - Microsoft SQL Server Management Studio, SQL
developer,Teradata
• MS Oﬃce - MS-Excel, MS-Access,
MS- Power Point, Oﬃce 365,
SharePoint
•
Databases - Oracle, SQL Server, DB2,
Teradata
• • Operating Systems - Windows Languages - SQL, PL/SQL, T-SQL, Python
•
EXPERIENCE
BI Developer/Analyst July 2022 - Current
Infosys Ltd
● Converted functional requirements into technical specifications and performed required data analysis, data mapping, functional testing, unit testing, and test case preparation using required tools based on project needs.
● Extracted data from sources and transformed the data using different transformations like Data Conversion, Derived Columns, Lookup, Conditional Split, Aggregate, Union all, Merge Join and MultiCast Transformations.
● Created Cubes using SSAS and process cubes to store data in OLAP databases.
● Involved in creating new stored procedures and optimizing existing queries and stored procedures.
● Used Power BI to develop data analysis prototype, and visualize reports.
● Published Power BI Reports in the required originations and Made Power BI Dashboards available in Web clients and mobile.
● Implemented Power BI as enterprise reporting tool and responsible for managing user licenses, creating and assigning work spaces to Power BI premium capacity.
● Created Power BI usage metrics report to help Power BI Service administrators to analyze the utilization of premium capacity resources.
● Expertise in creating different visualizations using Slicers, Lines, Pies, Histograms, Maps, Scatter, Bullets, Heat Maps, Treemaps, etc.
● Created DAX calculations in SSAS Tabular cube.
● Implemented Row level security in Tabular model.
● Deployed Tabular model to Azure Analysis services and created Jobs to automate SSAS Tabular and Multidimensional models.
● Deployment of Power BI using deployment Pipelines.
● Worked with both technology and business concepts in an ever-changing environment. Developed quick Power BI prototype visualizations using local datasets while working in parallel with data integration team for data automation.
● Developing Power BI data flows and datasets by applying transformations in Power Query to implement the ETL steps within Power BI Stack where ETL resources are unavailable.
● Developed several datasets with incremental load in Power BI and used XMLA end points to refresh the partitions for heavy data loads exceeding 10 GB in size.
● Used Power BI Gateways to keep the dashboards and reports up to date.
● Installed and Configured Enterprise Gateway and Personal Gateway in Power Bi Services.
● Published reports and dashboards using Power BI. SQL Developer June 2012 - January 2016
Banca Sella Chennai, India
● Requirements gathering from Business users to perform technical design, development and testing.
● Worked extensively in writing and debugging complex stored procedures, views, triggers, and user-defined functions.
● Designed the Data warehouse and done the mappings from Source to the Target tables.
● Created views and Stored Procedures for generating report. Responsible for creating the reports based on the requirements.
● Wrote complex SQL queries to extract, transform, and load data from various sources, reducing data processing time by 25%.
● Conducted performance tuning tasks, optimizing database performance by implementing indexing strategies and query optimization techniques.
● Created and maintained stored procedures, functions, and triggers to automate data manipulation tasks and enforce data integrity, resulting in a 15% reduction in manual data entry errors.
● Collaborated with cross-functional teams, including software developers and data analysts, to understand their database requirements and ensure smooth integration with application systems.
● Maintained documentation for database schemas and code, making it accessible for team members and aiding in seamless knowledge transfer.
● Developed ETL processes for data integration, cleaning, and transformation, reducing data processing time by 30%.
● Assisted in database testing and quality assurance, creating test data and scenarios that improved data accuracy and reduced application errors by 25%.
● Automated routine database tasks using scripts and scheduling tools, streamlining data maintenance processes, and reducing manual effort by 40%.
● Assisted in handling escalating billing issues and propagating bug fixes in the production environment.
● Scheduled reports for daily, weekly, monthly reports for executives, Business analyst and customer representatives for various categories based on business needs. EDUCATION
Bachelor of Engineering - BE - Computer Science June 2012 M.A.M. College of Engineering, Trichy, India
Junior Data Analyst May 2022
NPower Canada
ACCOMPLISHMENTS
• Exploring Power BI - Advanced
• Basics of Data Analysis Expression - DAX
• Data Analyst Professional Certificate
• Microsoft Certified: Azure Fundamentals AZ-900
Contact this candidate