OMOTOLA ANIBABA
Houston, TX 281-***-**** ad318p@r.postjobfree.com LinkedIn Python/R Projects
SUMMARY
Detail-oriented Analyst with a strong foundation in analyzing, manipulating and visualizing data in the SaaS industry. Proficient in R, Python, SQL, relational databases and ETL processes. Proficient in developing tools, conducting analysis, and communicating findings effectively. Seeking to leverage expertise to contribute to an organization and optimize data-driven decision-making processes.
Technical Skills: Python R SQL Microsoft Power BI Microsoft Excel Snowflake Tableau Oracle SQL Developer MongoDB Atlas AWS Salesforce PyCharm R-Studio Visual Studio Code Jupyter Notebook
EDUCATION
Bachelor of Science (Post Baccalaureate), Computer Science • Oregon State University— Corvallis, OR (2024)
Bachelor of Science, Psychology • University of Houston— Houston, TX (Magna Cum Laude, 2018)
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Insite360 • Houston, TX Support Analyst 2022 – Present
Developed SQL queries from relational databases to extract, analyze, and manipulate large datasets.
Provided technical support to internal teams and external clients, resolving issues related to database systems, Power BI, and ETL processes.
Conducted in-depth analysis of customer data by utilizing functions, pivot tables and data visualization in Microsoft Excel to create comprehensive reports and dashboards.
Created thorough statistical documentation and reports for internal and external stakeholders.
Designed interactive Power BI dashboards to visualize critical business KPIs by implementing effective strategies, leading to a 12% increase in Productivity.
Collaborated with cross-functional teams, including IT and development teams, to escalate and resolve complex technical issues.

GradReach/Insite360 • Houston, TX Support Analyst Intern 2022-2022
Provided technical support to end-users, addressing inquiries and resolving issues related to software, hardware, and network connectivity.
Conducted data analysis using SQL to identify patterns, trends, and anomalies, providing valuable insights for decision-making.
Complied with standard work protocols and ticket processing procedures to create and update service requests.
Resolved customer issues through exceptional customer support by troubleshooting software-driven equipment, resulting in a 98% increase in Quality.

European Wax Center • Richmond, TX Guest Service Associate 2021 – 2021
Processed guest payments, refunds, and appointment requests accurately. Managed guest check-ins and check-outs to offer seamless and positive experiences for visitors.
Oversaw all center opening and closing procedures, showcasing communication skills through both written and verbal interactions for smooth operational transition.
Informed guests about current in-center promotions, benefits, and savings opportunities while staying up-to-date on latest corporate policies and procedures.

Churrascos • Sugar Land, TX Bartender 2015 – 2020
Served high volume of guests to deliver exceptional dining experiences and top-notch service. Sustained inventory control of bar products and supplies. Assisted in production and maintenance of daily and weekly sales reports.
Operated Maitre'D POS system to handle payment transactions and input customer orders directly into system.
Shared product knowledge with guests to enable informed decision-making and enhance overall experience.
CERTIFICATIONS
Google Data Analytics Professional Certificate, Coursera Python Basics for Data Analysis, DataQuest Python for Data Science: Fundamentals Part I & II, DataQuest Intermediate Python for Data Science, DataQuest
Contact this candidate