Skilled Data Analyst and IT Professional
with four years in Microsoft Business
Intelligence tools, adept at remote
collaboration using tools like Zoom and
Microsoft Teams. Specializes in Power
BI, SQL Server, and Tableau, with a
focus on data warehousing and SQL
optimization. Proven ability to enhance
decision-making in virtual
environments through advanced data
analysis and process automation.
Excels in managing remote work
demands with strong time
management, problem-solving, and
adaptability skills.
Power BI, Power Automate
SharePoint, Citrix, Oracle database
SQL System, SPSS, Tableau
Linux, MacOS, Windows 10, MS
Office (365)
Peoplesoft HCM, TALEO,
Kronos,Trello
Microsoft Dynamics CRM, LPM & TMT
QuickBooks, Remedy, Service Now
Slack, Zoom, Chime, Microsoft
Teams
Strong knowledge of market trends
Technical Support/Remote
Proposal resulting from detailed
Data analysis
Data Modeling
Data Validation
Project Management
Simulation Modeling
Data Warehousing
Certification
IBM
San Francisco, CA
Introduction To Data Engineering, 09/2023
Post Graduate Diploma
Anglia Ruskin University
London, UK
Hospitality Administration And Management, 07/2015 Bachelor of Arts
Anglia Ruskin University
London, UK
Applied Accounting, 09/2013
Wiverse Delacan LLC (Crown Castle)
Data Analyst Wheaton, IL 11/2022 to Current
Expert in SQL and WebFOCUS for advanced data extraction and query optimization.
Proficient in designing and implementing Power BI reports, skilled in data aggregation, cleansing, and transformation from SQL Server, SAP BW, and Oracle.
Ensured data accuracy and quality through effective collaboration with data entry and data warehouse teams. Provided consistent Power BI support, contributing to business intelligence (BI) strategy and roadmap development. Effectively managed stakeholder expectations in product development cycles.
Valiant Residential
Data Analyst Dallas, TX 01/2022 to 10/2022
Led Development of reporting monthly, quarterly, and yearly data containing 20 Power BI report for 7 corporate divisions Embedded queries developed complex Power BI formulas and queries for 30+ procedures to support Power BI and Power Hamza
Ansari
ad31j6@r.postjobfree.com
832-***-****
Dallas, TX 75234
Summary
Skills
Education and Training
Experience
HA
Automate reporting
Formulated, updated, and utilized Modern SharePoint for presentation and data management
Capture, design, and develop custom solutions within Modern Developed multiple custom page layouts, designer, master pages, and application pages for the Publishing portal in modern Sharepoint.
EmployBridge
Payroll Coordinator Farmers Branch, TX 09/2020 to 01/2022
Managed payroll for 1000+ employees using CRM, LPM, TMT, Power BI, and Excel
Produced weekly Excel accounting and payroll reports for executive decision-making
Assisted in audits, achieving a 22% reduction in account. Alpine Logistics
Business Analyst Dallas, USA 10/2019 to 02/2021
Process Improvement errors
Calculated payroll liabilities, ensuring compliance with taxes and regulations
Collected and resolved payroll data and timesheet
discrepancies
Analyzed and reported payroll data using Power BI for strategic insights
Managed accounting tasks including ledger, reconciliations, and financial statements
Reduced liabilities through efficient tax and financial management
Handled payroll, insurance, compliance, and carrier relations.
Analyzed logistics data for supply chain optimization. Led employee recruitment, training, and performance management.
Holiday Inn
Data Analyst Intern, On-site Manager Barnsley, United Kingdom 10/2013 to 07/2015
Achieved savings and improved margins through operational enhancements
Processed data entries accurately from source documents Increased data-entry productivity and resolved issues Optimized marketing campaigns using industry analysis Researched and compared competitive market trends
Coordinated with management on operations and guest services
Enhanced data-entry productivity and marketing campaign optimization through issue resolution and industry analysis.
Contact this candidate