SWATHI THUMMALUR

Hardworking and passionate job seeker with strong organizational skills eager to secure QA Analyst position.
Ready to help team achieve company goals.

Contact

Address
Nazareth, PA, 18064
Phone
570-***-****
E-mail
ad34ox@r.postjobfree.com

Skills

TECHNICAL SKILLS
Power BI, Microstrategy, Dataware Housing, Informatica power center, SQL, UNIX, XML, Creating Test Data, Selenium with Java
DATABASES/TOOLS
ORACLE 11i, SQL SERVER 2005, TOAD, Snowflake
ENVIRONMENTS WORKED ON
J2EE, Java, WEB 2.0, AJAX
PRIMARY DOMAIN
Banking and Finance, Insurance
Environment
Quick test pro, UFT, Windows 3, SQL Server, and MS Word, Jira

Around 6 years of experience in QA testing performing as a Software Test Engineer using strong analytical and business skills.
Have worked with the Clients Cisco Systems Inc. USA, Selective Insurance USA and MasterCard International, Dublin.
Possess specific experience in the Banking and Financial Domains.
Proficient in writing Test Cases, Test Scripts, Test Scenarios and Test Summary Reports for both Manual and Automated Testing.
Hands on expertise in Data ware housing concepts and tools. Involved in the ETL processes.
And also having experience on UNIX, working on XML files and SQL, test data preparation like Orders creation in ERP, processing till required status and delivering the test data on time to Testing teams.
Having good exposure in Selenium. Hands on Experience in Onsite offshore coordination.
Experience in Business Process Testing and experience in Oracle E-business Suite applications involving ERP/CRM modules – Order Management, Inventory, Purchasing, Shipping, Financials modules – General Ledger, Accounts Receivable, Accounts Payable.
Possess specific experience performing testing including Backend, Frontend, Regression, Functional, System, Interface, Usability, and Black box, Integration Verification and Validation End-to-end and User Acceptance Testing.
Experienced in Agile Methodology. Proficient in Quality Center for Test Designing, Requirement Mapping, Reports, Test Execution and Defect Tracking.
And also used organizational level customized Jira tool to write the user stories (Test scripts) and defect tracking.
Ability to work independently or in a team environment or in a rapid pace environment.
An effective communicator and strong analytical, problem solving, Organizational abilities and Presentation skills.
Having good experience in Waterfall/Agile/V-Model software Development methodologies. In-Depth understanding of Power BI and Microstrategy.
Good knowledge on creating and developing Power BI Dashboards into rich look. Understanding of architecting, designing large-scale data and analytics solutions on Snowflake Cloud Data Warehouse.
Practically created various measures by using DAX functions and represented data with KPIs. Expert knowledge of architecting and developing Power BI solutions by configuring the data security, RLS and sharing the reports and dashboards to the different user groups in the organization.

Work History

2015-04 - 2016-06

Sr.QA Analyst
Sat Solutions, NJ
Credit Cards, Auto and personal insurance.
AUTOMATED TOOLS
QTP, HP Quality center, Order to cash, Order Management, Selenium web driver, TestNG frames work, BDD, GitHub
Projects have worked on in-house projects like Database and web applications.
Contributions:
Attending review meetings to analyze client requirements and arranging test environment for the execution of test cases.
Collaborating with different teams throughout the software development life cycle to create test cases as per business requirements.
Planning various test case scenarios to detect bugs, classify the errors based on severity, priority, and interacting with the development teams.
Preparing test case modules for systems, and integration testing to assist in tracking defects.
Documenting the test cases, their outcome, and the expected results to determine the quality of the software product.
Interacted with the project team to assign priority to Projects based on dependency and criticality.
Attended meetings with logical data modelers to enhance knowledge of Back-end Testing, like acquiring the data from different databases by using Informatica.
Attending weekly training to understand real-time application of Selenium software testing framework

2013-05 - 2014-03

QA Tester
MasterCard, Kuala Lumpur
MasterCard Incontrol is a web-based application, and it maintains the credit cards information issued to the customers by issuer
This allows the users to track the customer's information and credit statements.
It also provides the required reports to the application users.
The family solution application provides the real-time text alerts or an email whenever card usage within a specific category or time period exceeds set parameter.
In this way, the Incontrol family solution application usage communication channels that is already extremely popular among such consumer.
Contribution:
Requirements Understanding
Used Informatica as an ETL Tool for Developing the Data Warehouse
Regression testing of application in multiple cycles to test the functionality.
Writing test cases and validating/executing the test scripts using HP Quality Center (11.0), defect tracking using Jira to report and track the defects.
Creating/Updating Test cases according to the FS and URD
Coordinating with Development team for Defect Analysis and Communication test result
Involvement in peer reviews of the test cases and test data prepared by team members.
Having major experience in test scripts writing, test reporting, resource planning and coordinating with developers and Business analysts
Executing the transactions using UNIX commands and XML scripts
Debugging the issues from log files
Environment: SQL, Toad, UFT12.5, VB Scripting, Descriptive programming, HP QC 11.0, Jira, Oracle 10g, Windows, MS Office, MS Excel, XML, Unix

2012-04 - 2013-05

QA Tester
Selective Insurance, Hyderabad
Personal Lines application deals with the personal property &, automobile insurance
The project team provides the support for maintenance and enhancement of the application system.
The changes to the application are carried out as per customer's requirements and tested versions are delivered to the customer.
Selective Insurance P-lines Application has following Line of Business's
1) PCL 2) HOME 3) AUTO 4) Dwelling Fire
Contribution:
Understanding the requirements
Deriving the test cases based on the client requirements.
Executing the Test Cases based on the test cases.
Involving in peer reviews
Performing functional and GUI testing
Performing back-end testing
Bug Tracking and reporting
Preparing test metrics & traceability matrix
Attending regular status meetings as required with onsite teams.
Environment: Windows, Oracle, TOAD, HTML, XML, Test Director, Quick Test Pro, Unified Functional Testing (UFT), VB Scripting, Quality Center

2010-11 - 2012-03

Test Engineer
BodhTree Consulting, Hyderabad
The Next Generation CCRM (Next Gen CCRM) project is chartered with the goal of eliminating these capability gaps, reducing costs, and improving efficiency by delivering on the following key goals: Eliminate manual work by providing a powerful system with new features and capabilities.
Integration of CCRM data with downstream such as EDW (Teradata)
Reduce the time lag of hold processing.
Contribution:
Participated in system design/development and involved in preparation of Test Scenarios, Test Plan and Test Cases for CCRM and NGCCRM reports and Test Scripts as per the specifications.
Involved in designing the Hybrid framework based upon user requirements.
Created Reusable functions and actions for automation test cases.
Designed the Automation scripts based upon scenarios by using QTP/UFT
Prepared the datasheets for regression testing.
By using UFT, performed the smoke test and regression test suites.
Based upon test scenarios used various functions methods and Descriptive programming and VBscripting for writing the test scripts using Unified Functional Testing (UFT)
Used synchronization and Dictionary objects and Regular expressions concepts where it's necessary in UFT.
Worked in the environment of Agile Software development methodology.
Configure test environment for specific test cases, create test data and execute automated or manual tests, document results and updated and uploaded Test scenarios & Test cases in Quality Center.
Used Datatable methods and Excel objects and Utility objects for designing the reusable functions.
Participated in cross-functional team meetings to understand the user requirements and documented them.
Involved in UAT testing along with clients. And prepared the UAT test plans and scenarios to check the application.
Used SQL Queries to retrieve data from tables and to perform Back-End testing.
Interacting with the developers in resolving the bugs
10g, Windows, MS Office.

2008-10 - 2010-10

Tester
InfoAspire Ltd Team, Hyderabad
It is a FREE, feature rich and one-stop online classifieds/ads website, serving over a million locations globally, covering over a dozen advertising zones.
The users can post or search free local ads in Real Estate/Rentals, Jobs, Autos, Merchandise, Local Events, Yellow Pages, Dating/Personals, Services, Pets and Travel
Users can also advertise their businesses, products or services on all Infozeal network websites by posting Ad Links or Ad Banners for FREE
Contribution:
Documented the test cases for Enhancements based on Requirements Documents
Responsible for testing the e-commerce solution of shopping cart software at front end perform the task of testing in web ERP accounting and inventory management system at the back end as well.
Performed Database testing and writing SQL Queries
Tracking defects, Quick Test Pro, Unified Functional Testing (UFT), VB Scripting, Quality Center

Education

2005-01 - 2008-07

Master of Computer Applications
Osmania University - Hyderabad

2002-06 - 2005-06

B.SC: Chemical Technology
Osmania University - Secunderabad

.
Contact this candidate