Ashok Nandyala
LinkedIn: linkedin.com/in/ashok-
nandyala-60a012209
ad36mo@r.postjobfree.com
SUMMARY
Pittsburgh, PA 901-***-****
Experienced Data Analyst with 4+ years of expertise in Data Modeling, SDLC, SQL, Python, R, Text Analytics, and machine learning libraries. Skilled in data collection, cleaning, model development, and visualization.
Experience in data visualization using Tableau and Power BI.
Strong experience in Database like AWS, MySQL and SQL server.
Experience in coding SQL / PLSQL using Procedures, Triggers and Packages.
Worked in Agile methodology and Test-Driven Methodology. Adoption to agile contributing to Story points, Scrums and Sprints.
Created Database program in SQL Server to manipulate data, Responsible for writing complex SQL Queries and Stored Procedures.
Developing visual reports, dashboards and KPI scorecards using Power BI desktop, Tableau Server, Tableau Desktop.
Connecting to various data sources like ADLS, Application Insights, Power BI Datasets, SQL Server, excel etc., importing data and transforming data for Business Intelligence.
Excellent in analytical thinking for translating data into informative visuals and reports.
Strong skills in visualization tools Power BI, Tableau, Confidential Excel - formulas, Pivot Tables, Charts and DAX Commands, Lookups etc.
Strong Knowledge in Informatica Power Center (Repository, Designer, Workflow Manager, Workflow Monitor).
Implemented row level security on data and have an understanding of application security layer models in Power BI.
Experience in using advanced level calculations on the data set.
Responsible for design methodology and project documentation.
Developing, publishing, and scheduling reports as per the business requirements. SKILLS
Programming Languages: SQL, Java, Python, R language and C Programming. ETL/ DWH Tools: Azure Data Factory, Azure Synapse Analytics. Reporting/ Data Visualization: Power BI, Tableau, SAP Business Objects, Spotfire. Analytics Tools/ Database: SSIS, SSAS, SSRS, SAS (Enterprise Miner and Guide), MS SQL, Teradata. Cloud Technologies: Microsoft Azure, AWS.
Big Data Ecosystems: Hadoop, HDFS, Hive, Scala, Spark. Development Methodologies: Waterfall, Agile, Scaled Agile (SAFe), QDM (Quality Driven Management). Version Control/Reporting: GIT, SharePoint, QuickBase, AUTOSYS. EXPERIENCE
HCA Healthcare, United States Jan 2023 - Current Data Analyst
Employed Python, and SQL to analyze extensive datasets, extracting valuable insights and trends that contributed to improved decision-making processes and business strategies.
Utilized Power BI to visually communicate data insights, trends, and findings to stakeholders, enhancing decision- making processes.
Developed predictive models with an accuracy rate of 80%, enabling early identification of potential readmissions and supporting proactive patient care.
Created interactive Tableau dashboards to visualize and communicate healthcare data trends to stakeholders, achieving a 90% improvement in data accessibility and facilitating better understanding and decision-making.
Implemented data transformation logic using Python, SQL, and ETL tools like Informatica, and Talend.
Performing data collection, data cleaning, data wrangling, data analysis, and building machine learning models on the data sets in both R and Python.
Created functional and technical documentation including “as-built” documents, dashboard design specifications, release notes and security requirements for all the reports created and maintained.
Worked on the project using specifically Agile and Scrum methodology with the short-term releases
Understanding of data governance principles and best practices in the context of big data analytics, including data quality, data privacy, and compliance considerations. Streebo Inc, India July 2018 - June 2021 Data Analyst
Conducted a time-series analysis of 15 years of audit data records to identify seasonal trends and adjust staffing levels, resulting in a 20% increase in audit efficiency during peak season.
Utilized the Waterfall methodology of development for Requirements, Planning, Design, and Deployments.
Leveraged Python and SQL to create and automate web scraping and data analysis tools, reducing manual data processing time by 75% and increasing data accuracy and consistency.
Performed data analysis and data profiling using complex SQL queries on various source systems including SQL Server.
Performed Data Cleaning, features scaling, and features engineering using pandas and NumPy packages in Python, and built models using deep learning frameworks.
Analyzed over 500 audit reports to identify areas for improvement and developed recommendations using Power BI for process enhancements that led to a 10% reduction in audit time. CERTIFICATIONS
Google Data Analytics
Power Bi Certificate
Master’s projects:
Major Project:
1) Visualization of Datasets and Machine learning models (Aug 2022 – Dec2022) In this I used different kinds of machine learning models and visualized the data on different datasets like MNIST, SMNIST and Attention MNIST.
2) Heart-Disease prediction system in my data mining course (Jan 2022 – May 2022) Here I worked on predicting the heart disease using Naïve Bayes and Decision Tree Classifier and I got an accuracy of 0.93.
3) Application of Edge AI in Transportation in my AI Course (Jan 2022 – May 2022) Here I wrote a review paper on how Transportation is building using new technologies of AI how it is helpful in making the Autonomous vehicles.
Bachelor’s projects:
1) Major Project Title: Efficient R-Tree Based Indexing Scheme for server centric cloud storage system. (Jan 2018
– June 2018)
Using Cloud Computing Technology, we worked on retrieving the data from multiple sources. 4) Minor Project Title: Car Pooling (Jan 2016 – June 2016) EDUCATION
Masters in Data Science Dec 2022
University of Memphis
Bachelors in Computer Science June 2018
Contact this candidate