Parthiban Sivaprakasam
ad3jir@r.postjobfree.com +1-860-***-****

SUMMARY

Business Analyst excels in formulating and executing test scenarios, root cause analysis, and solution implementation within test and staging environments.
Data Analysis and visualization Expert certified in Microsoft Power BI, Tableau, and SAS Visual Analytics, and proficient working on tools like SQL Server, Teradata, SAS, and MS Office tools (PowerPoint, Excel, Word)
Prior experience with CVS Health for 3+ years with a good understanding of PBM data and Claims & demonstrated expertise in Teradata SQL and SAS reporting for the Transform Diabetes Care program.
Successfully spearheaded developing and implementing cutting-edge enterprise data platform solutions for a prominent Railcar Leasing industry leader, involving high-level technical consultations with senior client executives.
Skilled in SQL for data manipulation and analysis, with expertise in data migration processes. Leveraged expertise in Microsoft SQL Server, SSIS, and Power BI to enhance data warehousing capabilities, encompassing Star Schema Modeling, adept data extraction and manipulation, and advanced analytics to drive insightful reporting.
Analytics & Marketing Research experience across industries (Consumer Finance - Synchrony Financial, Retail – Lenovo, Avery Dennison, Popeyes, Nokia Money. Consumer Behavior Research – Shopper research and consumer trends in Indian Retail) – Expertise in Research Design, Data analysis & insights generation.
Implementing Lean Six Sigma Project for Synchrony Financial Operations team that provided annual cost savings of $100,000+ and drove productivity savings of 3500+ hours by streamlining the process.
Team Management: 4+ years of experience in managing a team of 10+ analysts in the execution of lifecycle and acquisition campaigns for various US Retail Clients like Walmart, Lord & Taylor, Steinmart, etc.
Strong in effectively communicating analysis and insight to all levels of the organization.
Certified in SAFe Agile: Leadership program on Lean-Agile transformation.

TECHNICAL SKILLS

Analytics Tools
SQL, Base SAS, SAS Customer Intelligence, SSIS, Teradata
Reporting Tools
Microsoft Power BI, Lucid Chart, SAS Visual Analytics, MS Office tools - Excel, Pivot Tables, PowerPoint, Word & Knowledge in Tableau
Operating System
Windows, Unix
Database
SQL Server, Oracle, Teradata, Epsilon for Campaign Execution
Big Data Technologies
Pig, Hive, Sqoop, Flume (HDP Certified Developer)

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Principal Consultant – Kavi Associates [Mar 2016 to Present]

Kavi specializes in Analytics, Business Intelligence, Data Warehousing, and Systems Integration. Kavi offers a set of comprehensive, customizable services ranging from Strategic Consulting, Solution Delivery, and Support.

Client: SMBC Rail & Marmon Rail Chicago, IL
Data Management Project that required coordination and ongoing support of data collection, consolidation, and reporting within the data analytics team. Worked alongside the Data warehouse and analytics team that maintains and builds the entire data platform and supports the Enhanced Prudential Standards.

Data Migration & Visualization [Sep 2020 to Present]

Coordinating with the SMBC business (Data, Controllers, and Risk Management) to ensure that the business unit satisfies their data needs.
Working with the Chief Data Officer and other business stakeholders to elicit and analyze data requirements. Assist in the development and execution of a strategic plan for the railcar portfolio management activities including transitioning existing business reporting and intelligence to Power BI.
Reconciled automated PBI data build to help management present reports to Japan.
Utilizing SSIS and stored procedures, Conducted an analysis of total expenditure across various business units and locations. Subsequently, developed a dashboard prototype that visualized the spending patterns by shops.
Developed ETL jobs in Advana in Azure (Synapse) & and AWS environments and assisted with defining, documenting, maintaining, implementing, and ensuring compliance with data business definitions, standards, and quality rules. This required performing data profiling, creation of data dictionaries, data transformation rules & integration requirements.
Designed and implemented comprehensive data solutions encompassing data warehousing, ETL processes, and data modeling, with Star Schema design expertise to enhance the Advana product.
Tools & Technology used:
Databases: SQL Server, Stored Procedure, T-SQL, SSIS, Advana
Cloud Tools: Azure Synapse
Visualization Tools: Microsoft Power BI

Client: CVS Health, Chicago, IL

The program aims to help reduce spending on diabetes patients through personalized strategies to improve medication adherence, control over blood glucose levels, and help its clients better manage their diabetic patient’s overall healthcare costs.
Improved HbA1c Control: Actively worked on reducing the complexity of care for diabetes patients. By improving HbA1c control by 1.2 percentage points, over 50% of members transitioned from uncontrolled to controlled diabetes status.
Collaborative Decision Support: I collaborated closely with Product Innovation and marketing teams, providing valuable decision support on program performance. I also suggested process enhancements to improve the tracking and reporting of crucial business KPIs.
Data Profiling and Standardization: Conducted data profiling to gain insights into source data patterns. This analysis informed our standardization strategies, ensuring data consistency and accuracy.
Automated Data Integration: Designed and implemented automated Data Integration jobs, efficiently extracting relevant business data from various internal database systems.
Product-Specific Analysis: I performed product-specific headroom analysis and quantified the financial value of network products. Additionally, I identified opportunities with clients to address key challenges related to medication adherence while ensuring patient refills were tracked without contributing to drug over-supply.
Program Metrics Implementation: I established a delivery roadmap for tracking and implementing program metrics across a list of enrolled clients. This included tracking member eligibility, enrollment, and termination processes, and providing critical insights into program effectiveness.
Dynamic Reporting with Power BI: Developed and deployed interactive dashboards, visualizations, and dynamic reporting interfaces using Power BI. My collaboration with the Enterprise Analytics team allowed for in-depth data analysis across various perspectives and multiple visualizations, harnessing the full capabilities of Power BI.

Tools & Technology used:
Analytics Tool: SAS, Teradata, SQL,
Visualization Tools: Power BI

Client: GE Aviation, Cincinnati, OH

The project aimed to create a blueprint for supply chain cost analytics that would improve supply chain efficiency and accelerate the identification of cost-out opportunities.

Data Analyst – Strategy [Jun 2016 to Jan 2017]

Evaluated the current state of Analytics and BI maturity, highlighted the gaps to build cost analytics at the enterprise level, Laid out a roadmap of cost analytics vision.
Functional Data Needs: Conducted interviews with stakeholders across the board to understand the functional needs from a cost analytics standpoint to drive cost-out opportunities.
Use Cases Identification: Identifying the analytical use cases from key stakeholders and prioritizing them based on important scores.
Storyboarding and visualization of business metrics and KPIs using Power BI that provided business users with actionable information that they could act upon to improve performance metrics and highlight gaps in the process. This involved working with multiple complex data sources & the ability to storyboard the use cases & visually tell a compelling story with the data.
Tools & Technology used:
Business Intelligence: SAS, SQL
Visualization Tools: Microsoft Power BI, Lucid Chart, MS Office

Campaign Analytics Manager – Genpact [2005 to 2007] & [May 2011 to Feb 2016]

Genpact is a global professional services firm that delivers digital-led innovation and digitally enabled intelligent operations for its clients, primarily Global Fortune 500 companies.

Client: Synchrony Financial, Atlanta, GA Work Location: Genpact - Bangalore, India

Synchrony Financial is a consumer financial services company that provides the delivering customized financing programs across key industries including retail, health, auto, travel, and home, along with consumer banking products.

Business Analyst: Contact Center Reporting/Analytics & Campaign Execution Management

Data & Reporting Integration Opportunity:
Productivity savings of 3500 hrs. with annual savings of $100,000 by capturing the end-to-end processes in the Lean GB framework.
Data Audit/Campaign Approval across campaign types (Acquisition & Lifecycle campaigns): Present quarterly operating reviews on campaign performance & process improvements.
Base SAS to work on Contact Center Reporting/Analytics for retail private label credit card clients by designing reports with critical quality metrics across functions (Cross-sell, IVR, Call Inquiry).
Proficiently designed and developed Frameworks and reports, optimizing data analytics processes and successfully executed the migration of existing reports on cross-sell and IVR metrics for Consumer Finance business, contributing to enhanced data management and reporting capabilities.
Tools & Technology:
Trained in Base SAS, SQL Concepts, and SAS Customer Intelligence Tool and responsible for campaign delivery across multiple portfolios by ensuring timely delivery & accuracy of campaigns on email and direct channels.

Research Consultant – Technopak Advisors Pvt Ltd [Oct 2007 to Apr 2011]

Technopak provides management consulting services to business organizations in India and internationally. The company provides services in the areas of business strategy, start-up assistance, performance enhancement, capital advisory, and consumer insights into retail and consumer products.

Client: Consumer Retail Clients in India Work Location: Technopak Bangalore, India

Research Consultant: Data Design, Survey, Data Validation, and Analysis
(i)Consumer-Centric
Shopper Behavior Analysis & Retail Activation Strategy for FMCG Client: Research on developing shopper-specific strategies using product adjacencies, stocking, display & in-store data.
Consumer Food Habits Research to understand the behavior of the Indian household to decipher the eating habits quantitatively / qualitatively, alcoholic consumption & health aspects.

(ii)Market Entry Strategy
Developing the Go to go-to-market strategy for acquiring merchants for Nokia Money in the Indian market that includes Market mapping and current state analysis on financial solutions of Merchants and developing a Value proposition and customizing it for different merchant segments.
Developing the retail design strategy for a new global storefront for Lenovo that communicates the powerful representation of the brand that is effective globally yet allows for flexibility for market differences. This required devising an online platform to elicit responses from customers to evaluate the brand based on virtual experience and & make recommendations to the client.

Research Analyst - Blackstone Technologies [June 2004 – September 2005]

Blackstone, a US-based market research firm, specializes in delivering strategic research insights across various domains, including Branding, Customer Satisfaction and Loyalty, Multicultural Markets, New Product Evaluation, Positioning, and Segmentation, empowering businesses with a competitive edge.

Client: Wells Fargo Work Location: Blackstone, Chennai, India
Research Analyst
Survey Analytics - Interpretation of survey data. Present the findings logically and lucidly to the client using the Quantum tool & present findings on Customer Satisfaction Survey results.
Process Mapping - An empirical approach to improvise process outcomes in an agile manner.
Tools & Technology: Trained in Quantum, SPSS, MS Office

EDUCATION

MBA in Marketing & HR, University of Madras, Chennai, India June 2004
Bachelor’s degree in mechanical engineering, University of Madras, Chennai, India June 2001
Contact this candidate