Page * of *
Objective
Career Summary
Education
Saranya Krishnamoorthy
980-***-****
ad3mq6@r.postjobfree.com
Power BI expert with rich experience in creating compelling reports and dashboards using advanced DAX. Looking to work with an esteemed organization that gives me an opportunity to utilize my existing analytical skills and help make better business decisions.
Having 5+ years of IT experience as BI professional with expertise in Power BI, Power BI Report Builder and Tableau.
Strong hands-on experience in Power Query Editor, Modeling, visualizations, Power BI Services, Dashboards.
Having experience in creating visualizations, Reports and Dashboards in Tableau.
Integrated data from multiple sources and worked on all types of transformations and developed model in Power BI desktop.
Experience in creating a calculated columns using Navigational Function.
Solved modeling issues like Role Playing Dimensions and used DAX functions such as Use Relationship.
Developed the reports by using various types of visualizations like Charts, Matrix, Tables etc.
Implemented Power BI interactive report using drill down and drill through from different Pbix files within workspace.
Created visualization using bookmark and selection pane.
Developed profit analysis report using Time Intelligence analysis like Dates YTD, Parallel period, Same period last year etc.
Knowledge on Row level security for various constraints on each defined role.
Good Knowledge on Data warehousing concepts.
Having experience in support and maintenance project.
Having good working experience in Agile and Waterfall methodologies
Master of Engineering under Anna University, Chennai Page 2 of 7
Work Experience
Technical Skill
Projects
AZ 900 – Microsoft Certified Azure Fundamentals
DA 100 - Microsoft Certified Data Analyst Associate (Analyzing Data with MS PowerBI)
GCPDL-Google cloud Digital leadership program
-
Working as Associate in Cognizant Technology Solutions India Pvt Ltd, from SEP 2022 to Jan 2024.
Worked as a Power BI Developer at TATA Consultancy Services (Contractor) from AUG 2021 –AUG 2022.
Worked as a Software Engineer at NKKB Technologies from MAY 2018- JUL 2021. BI Tool : Power BI, Report Builder, Tableau
Data Base: Microsoft SQL Server 2019, Oracle, Google BigQuery Project Methodology: Agile, Waterfall
Tools : JIRA, Service Now
Project #1:
Project Title : XL-UK Reporting TF-TM
Client : AXA, UK
Technology : Power BI, Cognos, Paginated Report
Role : Report Developer
Duration : May 2023 – Jan 2024
Team Size :11
Description and Responsibilities:
AXA is a multinational insurance company founded in1816 in France. With a presence in over 50 countries. AXA is a leading insurance provider, offering a wide range of insurance solution to individuals and business. Committed to provide quality and innovative insurance product and service that caters to customer unique needs. The objective of the project is to migrate various buisness reports from Cognos to PowerBI.
• Migrated Cognos to Power BI Reports as per the user requirements Certifications
Page 3 of 7
• Created DAX query in desktop through performance analyzer.
• Created model using dax functions and connected reports using dataset.
• Created paginated reports as per user requirements replicated to Cognos.
• Achieved Ui as like Cognos in paginated report like hidden columns and date column formats.
• Creating Calculated columns in existing table
Project #2:
Project Title : American Modern Insurance Group
Client : AMIG, US
Technology : Power BI, Cognos
Role : Report Developer
Duration : SEP 2022 – Apr 2023
Team Size :7
Description and Responsibilities:
American Modern is a widely recognized, national leader in the specialty insurance business. With close to 50 years’ experience in the manufactured housing insurance sector, the company delivers specialized products and services for residential property and the recreational market. One of our newest lines is pet health insurance. The company is headquartered in suburban Cincinnati, Ohio. American Modern joined Munich Re as a key part of the world reinsurance leader’s North American insurance operations in April 2008. Munich Re has approximately 47,000 employees in over 50 locations throughout the world and operates in all lines of insurance. It is among the top 100 companies on the Forbes Global 500 list.
• Migrated Cognos to Power BI Reports as per the user requirements
• Created MS power BI Power Automate Process to deliver the Reports through email
• Created Paginated reports as per the user requirements
• Experience in performing Merge queries/Append queries in Edit Queries Window
• Using slicers & Interactions for interactivity between the reports in the page
• We have modified existing query and dashboard to execute in fast manner.
• Creating Calculated columns in existing table
Project #3:
Project Title : Customer Strategic Growth Dashboard Client : Macy’s, US
Technology : Power BI, Tableau, SQL Server, GCP
Role : Report Developer
Duration : Aug 2021 – Aug 2022
Team Size 5
Page 4 of 7
Description and Responsibilities:
Macy's is a leading retail American holding company founded in 1929 and its headquarters’ is in New York, US. It has a chain of Retail stores, sells a wide variety of Men’s and Women’s accessories, toys, clothing, house wares and electronics. The client needs migrating Sales, Finance, Supply Chain Reports and Dashboards from Teradata, DB2, Oracle On-Premises environment to Google Cloud Big Query to improve the performance and enhance the look and feel of the Dashboards and to align with customers standard Architecture.
• Understand the business requirement and translate it into reporting requirement.
• Participate in requirement gathering, design and develop report and analysis project.
• Extract the queries from Teradata and Convert it into Google Big query
• Modifying existing PowerBI Dashboards to use newly converted Big Query
• Add additional Measures, Calculated fields and enhance the existing Power BI reports and Dashboards as per the business requirements
• Created various interactive dashboards and visualizations. Project #4:
Project Title : RADAR (Retail Dashboards and Reports) Client : Five Below, US
Technology : Power BI, SQL Server
Role : BI Developer
Duration : July 2020 – July 2021
Team Size 5
Description and Responsibilities:
Five below is an American retail company. It is a chain of departmental store, sells a wide variety of Men’s and Women’s accessories, toys, books, clothing, house wares, and electronics. The client needs report mainly to analyze & improve their performance in different aspects like sales, fast moving products, and revenues per area, Customer satisfaction.
• Participated in requirement gathering, design and develop report and analysis project.
• Extracted data from various sources and worked on all types of transformations like Append queries, disable load, Splitting queries and merge queries etc.
• Created model in BI tool using transformational functions and effectively resolved challenges like role playing dimensions.
• Created various interactive dashboards and visualizations.
• Resolved modeling issues like Role Playing Dimensions and used DAX functions such as Use Relationship.
• Implemented Row level security on data.
Page 5 of 7
• Implemented Power BI interactive report using drill down and drill through from different Pbix files.
• Created a calculated tables using DAX Functions like ALL, Values and Distinct, Filter. Page 6 of 7
Page 7 of 7
Page 8 of 7
Contact this candidate