NZUBE P. EGBOLUCHE
Email: ad3q7s@r.postjobfree.com Phone: 754-***-****

Professional Summary
Highly resourceful Data Analyst and Research Scientist with over 7+ years of experience in statistical data analysis, data analytics, scientific research, project, and data management with exceptional ability to increase comprehension of data. Dedicated to delivering high quality work through good work ethics, creative problem solving and innovative solutions. Ability to work on multiple projects with high level of confidentiality and minimal supervision.

Technical Skills
§Program management § R, SQL, Tableau, ETL
§Technical report writing § Microsoft suite (Power point, Access)
§Project management § Data Mining, cleaning and interpretation
§Critical thinking § NoSQL Mongo DB
§Dashboard development § Experimental design and data management
§Data analysis § Data visualization- Excel, Tableau, Sigma plot,
§Power BI, Scuba § Unix/Linux and Windows

Professional Experience
Data Reporting Analyst January 2023 – Present
Comcast Cooperation, PA
Develop and implement power automate workflow to support business processes, integrate systems and streamline workflow.
Determine relevancy of data and identifies alternative data sources as needed to ensure analytics requested by business partners and stakeholder can be completed.
Design and build interactive and visually appealing dashboard, reports and data visualization using power BI or Tableau.
Regularly examine data reports to locate and resolve mistakes to prevent wrong forecast and decision making.
Use SQL queries to extract, transform and load large volume of data from different database systems (sqlserver, Mongo DB, Teradata etc).
Accurately analyze BI needs interpreting different business user requirements and translating them into business reports.
Create business reports that provide insight into key data points to inform business strategies.
Communicate data findings to business partners through a narrative-driven presentations using data visualization tool such as power BI or Tableau.
Develop dashboards using Tableau which involves gathering requirement, analysis, designs (Mockups, frame works), development, testing and production of analysis projects.
Monitor data to identify changes in financial and business trends.
Combine data as needed from different data sources to complete analysis.
Tracking and analyzing business KPIs to meet monthly and quarterly objectives using calculated key figure and parameters.
Designed architect of Tableau security by customizing the access level and creating various user groups by assigning rows and column security at the application level, folder and user level.
Consult on areas of uncertainty to promote optimal use of ideas derived from the data.

Data Analyst/Sql Developer December 2021 – December 2023
Maryland Department of Health - Minority Health and Health Disparity Agency

§Extract, interpret and analyze data to identify key metrics and transform raw data into meaningful, actionable information.
§Create Complex Functions, Sql scripts, stored procedures, and triggers to support application development.
§Create databases, tables, reports to fetch insights and produce meaningful solutions based off ad hoc requests.
§Test Databases and fix bugs based off Jira stories.
§Perform database design and other sql development activities as required.
§Perform JOINS and create multiple CTES and views to optimize and create ad hoc reports.
§Utilize Excel, Power BI and Tableau to provide real-time insight on the performance of the programs outcomes and identify areas of improvement for case and program managers which improved impact value by 45%.
§Create data migration and built dashboards and sheet page analysis for KPI reports.
§Perform Data Validation from source to target and involved in data quality assessment and improvement.
§Built logistic data model to help the agency decide which key social determinant of health to target, using SQL, Tableau & Power BI to identify areas of improvement.
§Collaborate with the program managers to identify clients’ challenges, developed strategies to improve data collection effectiveness that improved positive feedback rating from 78% to 89%.
§Resolve data discrepancies with other data teams within the department.
§Translate numbers and figures to inform strategic organization decision, intelligence, and program intervention.

Data Analyst/Power Bi Developer July 2018- December 2021
Global Health and Education Projects Inc., Riverdale, MD

§Utilized SQL to merge tables from different databases for data analysis, interpretation and visualization using tool set such as Tableau, power BI, Excel to provide program insight and data intelligence.
§Provided tutorials on current data management techniques including assisting with analysis and providing technical recommendations on study software.
§Maintained and managed the student’s documentation database to ensure easy access, storage and migration.
§Implemented row-level data security and application security-layer models in Power BI.
§Developed responsive, intuitive, and visually stunning dashboards and reports in both Power BI and Tableau.
§Integrated Power BI and Tableau reports into other applications using embedded analytics like Power BI service (SaaS), API automation, and JavaScript/React Web.
§Created relationships at database level and Tabular Model for custom dimensions.
§Created calculated columns, measures and tables using algorithms and calculations.
§Wrote SQL Queries and analyzed using dashboard reports.
§Involved in database development, management, and access software.
§Implemented and involved in customizing/extending a vendor-provided solution.
§Developed dashboards with Power BI, Tableau, and similar tools.
§Created SQL Server Agent jobs, Triggers, and scheduled jobs for daily process § Created columns to sort data based on Fiscal Month and Fiscal Week.
§Used live connection from Tabular model to TABLEAU Desktop we created Visualization, reports, and dashboard, and then published to TABLEAU service.

Research Scientist (PhD Candidate) August 2017- May 2022
Morgan State University Baltimore, MD

§Facilitated, designed and investigated two original research projects with cross-functional team collaboration that resulted in 3 collaborative conference presentations and 1 publication.

§Used different data analytical and visualization software (Excel, Tableau, R, GraphPad, Power BI) to conduct genomic analysis on Microsoft and Unix/Linux operating systems.

§Experience with bioinformatics software tools such as Bioconductor, BLAST for high-throughput genomic sequence data analysis.

Research Scientist- Graduate Research Assistant September 2015 – May 2017 Michigan State University, East Lansing, MI

§Facilitated and conducted ecological research with emphasis on soil biodiversity, used GPS to accurately determine geographical locations of collected soil samples.

§Strong analytical skill with the knowledge of data analysis software such as SAS, SPSS, Excel, R, SigmaPlot, Prism9, for data cleaning, analyses, interpretation and visualization.

Education
Morgan State University, Baltimore, MD August 2017- May 2022
Doctor of Philosophy (Bioenvironmental Sciences)

Michigan State University, East Lansing, MI August 2015- May 2017
Master of Science (Crop and Soil Science)

University of Nigeria Nsukka, Enugu State, Nigeria September 2007- August 2012
Bachelor’s degree
Contact this candidate