OBI FELIX-UDENZE

Gender: Male Dallas, TX .*****
ad3u25@r.postjobfree.com Mobile: 313-***-****

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
Power B.I developer with over 10yrs experience in data Engineering, Business Intelligence, and data analytics. Skilled in data warehousing (Star Schema & Snowflake), Transact-SQL query development, PySpark, QA testing, data mapping, data modeling, SSRS drill down and drill through reporting. Excellent Dax skills and the ability to create and troubleshoot complex calculations and measures. Skilled in the use of python and notebooks for ETL. Experienced in transforming structured and unstructured data from various data sources using Snowflake,Azure Data Factory and Azure data bricks.

EDUCATION
Bachelor of science in Electrical Electronics Engineering Michael Okpara University (May 2010) MSC Data Science Eastern University (July 2023)
CERTIFICATIONS
Microsoft Power bi Data Analyst PL300
Databricks Certified Data Engineer Associate
Databricks Lakehouse Fundamentals
DP203 Data Engineering On Microsoft Azure
Microsoft azure fundamentals AZ900
Microsoft 70 461 Querying MS SQL server 2012/2014
AWS certified Cloud Practitioner
AWS certified solutions architect
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
HCL
Power BI Technical Architect 08/2021-Present
Tableau to Power bi report migration
Used Role level security to manage user access to reports.
Used power bi app audience to distribute report based on line of business
Created complex UDF in Snowflake
Managed user access to tables using view in snowflake
Used ALM tool Kit for model documentation and dax studio for query grouping
Ensured promoted completion of features and user stories within each sprint
Conversion of Tableau measures to dax
Performed unit testing on various PBIX files before being sent to UAT
Used Azure data lake as data source
Used power bi embedded to display report on company website
Used merge and store procedures to implement change data capture SCD type2 in Snowflake
Performed peer review on other developer work ensuring their work was deployment ready
Ahold
Power BI Developer 11/2020-04/2021
Performed data modelling and cleaning using Power query
Using the tabular Editor in Power BI to create Calculation groups
Data migration from MicroStrategy Reporting to Microsoft Power BI platform
Used role level security to manage report distribution withing the organization
Used Amazon Redshift as data source for bi reports.
Created variables in M Query to configure incremental data refresh
Managed data refresh and scheduling in Power bi service for the different lines of business
Worked with multiple fact tables in data model to implement business logic
Create view on SQL server to improve performance of the date model and enhance security
Bank of America 10/2019-04/2020
Sr Power BI Developer
Implemented operational data store (ODS) for SSDIL with multiple facts and dimension tables.
Ensured strict compliance to company policy regarding data security, while handling mortgage data.
Created workspace and content packs for business users to view the developed reports.
Developed proof of concepts (POC) for report migration from SSRS to Power BI.
Automated refresh and scheduling in Power BI platform with Power BI api.
Developed business logic using Dax to provide custom functionality in Power BI platform.
Generated multiple enterprise reports and dashboard using Power BI and SSRS from SQL server database.
Data mapping and creation of transformation documents.
Extensively used joins and sub-queries to simplify complex queries involving multiple tables.
Worked on dimensional data modelling using star schemas for fact and dimension tables.
Automated data pull from SQL server, SAP BW, Oracle, SQL azure etc. with Power BI api.
Published reports in customer workspaces using Power BI api.
Created parameterized reports, linked report and sub report by year, quarter, month & week.
Developed excel power view, power query and power pivot dashboards for data analysis.
Worked in an Agile environment.

Stonecrop Technologies 10/2018-10/2019
Power BI Developer
Ensured reports published on Power BI service were accessible on Power BI mobile.
Wrote calculated columns, measures & query is in power bi desktop for various reports.
Automated power query refresh using power shell script and windows task scheduler.
Transformed complex business logic into database design and maintaining it by using SQL objects like Stored procedures, user defined functions, views, T-SQL scripting, and jobs.
Designed and created data extracts, supporting SSRS, Power BI, or other visualization tools reporting applications.
Developed confidential proprietary analytical tools and reports with confidential excel, and power pivot and power point.
Data migration form SQL server to Microsoft azure.
Installed and configured enterprise gateway and personal gateway in Power BI service.
Obello INC 1/2016-9/2018
Power BI Developer
Create various visuals and published them to Power BI service.
Running total, year to date, month to date reporting in Power BI.
Performed data loads and routine updates on an ongoing basis.
Developed Power BI model used for financial reporting of profit & loss, as well as headcount.
Created various presentations in power point.
Document backup on Amazon S3.
Nokia (Alcatel-Lucent) 09/2010-09/2015
Senior Data Analyst
Telecoms network architecture and dimensioning using GSM H.O data in Power BI.
Data mining using SQL.
Daily, Weekly and Monthly report generation in SSRS.
Using Pivot Table in excel to plan new Cell Neighbours and improve network efficiency.
Created network utilization reports in Power BI.
Used power maps to generate interactive visuals.
CORE COMPETENCIES AND TECHNICAL SKILLS
Snowflake BI Tools: SQL SSIS, SSRS, SSAS, Toad PySpark
Dax Studio Html, XML, CSS Amazon web services AWS
Power BI embedded GitHub Azure Databricks
Tableau Azure Devops(ADO) Agile/Scrum
Agile (Kanban & Scrum) Win XP, NT,7,10, Sever 08-2016, Linux T-SQL,CTE,UDF,Triggers
Bilingual – Fluent in English and Pidgin (Pidgin is a language spoken in over 10 countries in West African and over 150 million people speak it worldwide)
COMMUNITY SERVICE AND LEADERSHIP IN PROFESSIONAL ORGANIZATIONS

Volunteer Winners chapel int’l Dallas media and technical unit June 2016 - Present
Volunteer Salvation army Jan 2019 - Present
Contact this candidate