POWER BI DEVELOPER REPORTING ANALYST DATA ANALYST SQL DEVELOPER
SKILLS
TECHNICAL SKILLS: Data Analytics and Interpretation (DAX), ETL tools (SSIS, ODI), Business Intelligence Tools (Power BI, Excel, SQL), Row level security implementation, T-SQL, Database Management, Data Visualization (Reports, Dashboards), Datawarehouse and DataMart, Data Modeling (Entity Relationship Diagram, Star, Snowflake, ETL process diagram), Relational and NoSQL Databases (SQL, Oracle19C, Mongo DB, Cassandra), Scripting languages (PowerShell, Unix), Web Development (HTML, CSS, JavaScript)
SOFT SKILLS: Communication, Negotiation, Problem solving, Attention to detail, Team player, Time management. EDUCATION
Graduate Certificate in Reporting Systems and Database Development January 2023 - August 2023 Conestoga College, Kitchener Downtown, Ontario
Bachelor of Technology in Computer Science & Engineering August 2012 - May 2016 Mahatma Gandhi University, India
WORK EXPERIENCE
September 2020
–
December 2022
Senior Associate Consultant
Infosys
PROJECT 1 – Costco, USA
Delivered 40+ interactive visual reports and dashboards with key performer indicators and filters using Excel and Power BI, resulting in enhanced decision-making skills.
Extracted and analyzed data with complex join queries, DAX functions, measures, and calculated columns in Power BI to identify significant trends, patterns, and correlations.
Leveraged Power Query editor to meticulously cleanse and transform data which increased the data accuracy and reduced the data preparation time for analysis.
Crafted paginated reports using Power BI Desktop and seamlessly published them alongside dashboards to the designated workspace within Power BI Service.
Analyzed and interpreted large volumes of raw data from diverse sources for supply chain forecasting, resulting in the creation of over 30 visually engaging Power BI reports.
Delivered performance reports on a monthly and quarterly basis, meeting all deadlines with a 100% on-time delivery rate.
AASHITHA MATHEW
ON, Canada
+1-548-***-****
ad44yg@r.postjobfree.com
https://www.linkedin.com/in/aashitha-mathew
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
Results-driven Power BI Developer with almost 5 years of experience in data analysis, business intelligence, and financial reporting. Proficient in Power BI, DAX, Excel, and SQL for transforming data into actionable insights. Seeking a challenging role where I can leverage my skills to provide revenue analysis, financial performance assessments, and management reporting to enhance decision-making.
November 2019
–
August 2020
May 2018
–
October 2019
Implemented row-level security measures, enhancing data privacy resulting in a 25% reduction in data breaches.
Generated 200+ regular and ad-hoc reports, succinctly summarizing significant findings, metrics, and actionable recommendations, enabling effective data-driven decision-making.
Provided detailed monthly revenue analysis, resulting in a 15% improvement in identifying revenue trends and opportunities for growth.
Enhanced and optimized existing Power BI reports, streamlining processes and improving user experience, resulting in a 30% increase in report accessibility and usability.
Collaborated with cross-functional teams to gather business requirements and deliver clear, concise findings and recommendations to stakeholders in order to optimize service delivery. Associate Consultant
Infosys
PROJECT 2 – Arizona Public Services, USA
Achieved a 20% reduction in device-related downtime for Oracle Utilities Mobile Workforce Management, resulting in improved field productivity.
Successfully resolved 95% of incidents and bugs within agreed-upon SLAs, ensuring minimal disruptions to business operations.
Enhanced order dispatch efficiency by 16% through proactive monitoring and support, resulting in improved field service response times. Systems Engineer
Infosys
PROJECT 3 – Inmarsat, UK
Successfully executed over 80 data loads to target systems like Service Now, MongoDB, Provision, and Automation Server ensuring a 99.9% accuracy rate in data migration, minimizing potential disruptions.
Trained and onboarded 12 team members, resulting in a reduction of onboarding time for new hires.
Improved data load efficiency by 23% through PostgreSQL queries to verify and test data in each load and by code debugging, ensuring data integrity. ACHIEVEMENTS
Awarded Feather in My Cap (Inspiring Performance) several times for handling multiple activities and bringing them to closure in minimum time.
Appreciated for imbibing team spirit among colleagues and maintaining good customer relationships.
Volunteer at The Village of Winston Park Kitchener, engaging with residents, actively listening to their stories, providing companionship, and fostering a sense of community.
Volunteer at The Food Bank of Waterloo region.
Contact this candidate