BHARGAVI REDDIPALLI
DATA ANALYST

CONTACT
Remote,
Richmond, Virginia, 23294
425-***-****
ad46w6@r.postjobfree.com

PROFILE
Analytical, energetic, and detail-oriented information Processor with 3+ years of experience in a high-pressure and fast-paced professional environment as a dedicated Data Analyst with in-depth knowledge of research methodologies and data visualization like Power BI. I have worked on modeling structured and unstructured data using large data sets. Implemented business intelligence dashboards using Power BI &Tableau to produce different summary results based on business requirements. Proficient with Excel and word. Experienced working with Agile and Waterfall data modeling methodologies.

EDUCATION
BACHELOR’S IN COMPUTER SCIENCE • MAY 2019
Lendi University, Vizianagaram, AP, India – 535005.
NAAC Grade A Scale 4.0

KEY SKILLS
Data analytics
Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Access, Outlook)
SQL, PL/SQL
Power BI Desktop and Service
Jira, VersionOne, Microsoft Visio
Azure Data Lake, Data marts,
Azure Data Studio, SSMS
LINUX, Windows 7,8,2012
Basic Python coding
Organized
Multi -tasking
Adaptive
Collaboration skills

INTERESTS
Literature
Environmental conservation
Art
Yoga
Cooking
Travel

EXPERIENCE
DATA ANALYST/POWERBI • DECEMBER 2022 - PRESENT
Tata Consultancy Services, Client: Van Guard, PA - Remote.
Responsible for gathering requirements from Business Analysts and Operational Analysts and identifying the data sources required for the requests.
Involved in changing existing SQL Queries according to the new requirement.
Wrote optimized SQL queries to pull required data for further reporting.
Understands data modeling, data schemas like normalized, flat, star, snowflake, etc.
Used Power BI to conduct analysis by using features such as parameters and DAX functions, calculations field and build up visualization reports based on the analysis.
Created Table of contents/ Landing navigation page, which has all the links to multiple reports.
Created measures and columns in Power BI Desktop also Implemented Drilldowns, Drill throughs, and Bookmarks in Power BI to make the dashboard effective and clear understanding.
Designed and created innovative and valuable visualizations in Power BI to track KPI’s, metrics and other key data points.
Created various types of charts like Heat Maps, Geocoding, Symbol Maps, Pie Charts, Bar Charts, Tree Maps, Gantts, Circle Views, Line Charts, Area Charts, Scatter Plots, Bullet Graphs and Histograms in Power BI.
Actively participated in Agile Scrum sprint planning with daily scrums and 2-week sprints.

DATA ANALYST • FEB 2022 – DEC 2022
Client: Intuit Systems, Hyderabad – India.
Gathered Business Requirements from stakeholders and interacted with the Users, Project Manager, and IT teams to understand the project goals better.
Performed gap analysis of the data and reviewing the requirements.
Analysis of functional and non-functional categorized data elements for data profiling and mapping from source to target data environment.
Used Inner Join, and Outer join while creating SQL Queries from multiple tables for transactions data.
I interfaced with business users to verify business rules and communicated changes to the ETL development team.
Worked with development teams to analyze, develop, and solve issues.
I worked with the development team to develop dashboards, coding standards, and quality policies and procedures.
Participated in continuous improvement efforts in enhancing dashboard performance and providing increased functionality.

INTERN. JR. DATA ENTRY • AUG 2020 – FEB 2022
Apollo Tele Health, Client: Apollo Hospitals, Visakhapatnam – India.
Worked with leadership teams to implement tracking and reporting of operations metrics across Analyzing programs for proper data configuration, increased understanding of how clients use programs, evaluating potential scenarios to advance skills.
Healthcare Data Governance and Compliance
Ensured compliance with healthcare data regulations and privacy standards, including HIPAA, by implementing appropriate data governance practices and security measures.
Involved in loading the data from flat files, CSV files, XML, MS XL sheets into database tables.
Used advanced Excel functions to generate spreadsheets and pivot tables.
Involved in extracting data from multiple sources such as SQL Server and excel by using SQL for further analysis.
Wrote complex SQL queries using joins, sub queries, and correlated sub queries to retrieve data from the database.
Developed and Performed execution of Test Scripts manually to verify the expected results.
Created documentation for the complete project life cycle and mentored the End Users and Provided Technical Support.
Contact this candidate