Prashanthi Ramashetty
848-***-****
ad4f1a@r.postjobfree.com

Data Analyst
Summary

* ***** ** ************ ** experience in developing and designing Data Analysis and Business Intelligence solutions utilizing Power BI, PowerApps, PowerAutomate, SAP, Microsoft office, Azure and SQL Server.
Extensive experience in Power BI on how to import, shape, and transform data for business intelligence (BI), Visualize data, author reports, schedule automated refresh of reports and create and share dashboards based on reports in Power BI desktop.
Besides, hands-on experience with financial tools (SAP FICO, GL, Fieldglass), having a good knowledge of financial accounting, reporting and principles.
Good experience with Azure/Power BI integration such as Azure Data Lake (ADL), Azure Data Factory (ADF), Power BI, SQL Server integration services and SQL Server Reporting services.
Experience in Power BI to design Interactive Reports using Power Query, Power Pivot and Power View.
Facilitated Wealth Business users with Power Apps (Data Table and forms) using Dataverse and SQL data.
Created Automated email workflow for Power BI reports using Power Automate.
Experience in implementing physical data models (Databases, Schema Tables, Views & Virtual Data Warehouse).
Experience in relational database design, SQL queries like Joins, stored procedures, views.
Experience in Creating, Maintaining & scheduling various reports in Power BI like Tabular Reports.
Extract and analyze data using Power Query, PivotTables, MS Excel, Power BI and SSRS.
Experience in Publishing Power BI reports from Power BI desktop to Power BI service.
Worked on ServiceNow tickets for BreakFix and Enhance the Power BI reports according to the requirements.
Performed data cleaning, data validation, and data analysis using data analysis expressions (DAX), power query (MDX) and power Pivot.
Published reports on Azure-based Power BI services (Pro) and schedule subscription and various sharing options (workspace, content pack, and Apps).
Migrated Cognos reports to Power BI and with various databases (SAP HANA, SAP FICO, SAP GL, Teradata, Azure Synapse workspaces).
Converted Alteryx Excel reports to Power BI using Microsoft SQL Server and SSAS under Agile environment.
Proficient in applying transformation rules - Data Conversion, Data Cleansing, Data Aggregation, Data Merging and Data splitting.
Expertise in Microsoft Office tools, particularly Excel, Word and Powerpoint.
Worked with business and other teams (Supply chain, Account Payable, Vendors and clients) to streamline various financial activities and process improvement.
Good understanding of all facets of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC).
Extensive database programming experience in writing T-SQL, User Defined Functions, Triggers, Temporary Tables, Constraints and Indexes using various DDL and DML commands.
Skilled in creating and developing BI Dashboards into rich look for better understanding.
Experienced in generating underlying data for the reports and exporting cleaned data from an Excel Spreadsheet, Flat file, and CSV files to the data warehouse.
Good logical, analytical, interpersonal skills and commitment to perform quality work as well as an excellent team player.
Expert in creating different visualizations using Slicers, Lines, Pies, Maps, Tables, Matrix, Scatter, Bullets, Treemaps and visuals from other App sources using Power BI.
Connecting to data sources, importing data and transforming data for Business Intelligence.
Extensively worked with clients to understand business requirements, recommended technical solutions and documented functional requirements.
Implement functionality of existing systems Ability to work in-groups as well as independently with minimal supervision.
Managed Power BI Portal - Data refreshes / User management and set up gateway data refresh.
Having the ability to work closely with the team to ensure the timely delivery of business requirements in Agile environments.

Technical Skills

Reporting BI Tools
Power BI Desktop, Power BI Service, Power BI Gateway, Power BI Report Server, PowerApps, PowerAutomate, Tableau, Cognos, SSRS
Databases
MS SQL Server 2016/2018, SAP HANA, Azure DataLake, Azure DataFactory, Teradata, Dataverse, Snowflake, MS Access
Web Technologies
HTML, Java Script
Operating Systems
Windows 2012/2016/2018 R2, UNIX.
Scripting Languages
SQL, PL/SQL, T-SQL, VB Script
Other Tools
MS Access, MS-Excel, SAP FICO, GL, SAP-Fieldglass, Postman API, Tabular Editor, DAX Studio, Microsoft Dynamic 365

Professional Experience
Tata Consultancy Services – Wintrust Financial Corp. Aug 2022 – Jan 2024
Data Analyst
Responsibilities

Converted Alteryx report to Power BI reports using SQL import queries, Live and DirectQuery modes for Bank Operations.
Developed various Canvas Apps and Model-driven apps using PowerApps platform for facilitating write-back functionality to the SQL databases and Sharepoint.
Created automated workflows for converting invoice data to structured data, trigger email notifications upon approvals and exception approval workflows using PowerAutomate.
Worked on SSIS to import and export data in and out of the SQL Server.
Conducted Data Analysis and validation for creating data model for Bank Operations and Branch Planning projects.
Worked on Agile environment to deliver the reports on time, collaborated with various teams to gather requirements and data design and development.
Validated the DAX queries using DAX Studio and improved the performance of the queries in Power BI reports.
Worked on Tabular Editor 2 and 3 versions to review the data models/relationships and create/modify the data models, measures and calculated columns for SSAS data.
TCS at Stryker Corporation, Allendale, NJ Jan 2022 – May 2022
Data Analyst
Responsibilities

Supported SAP HANA team while analyzing ServiceNow tickets and solving the reporting issues on Power BI
Worked on Power Query, PowerPivot, DAX and MDX queries to develop new reports and enhance existing Power BI reports.
Worked as Power BI Lead to understand the business requirements, analyze the current scenarios of the Teradata project migration to azure Synapse, design technical document in Agile environment.
Migrated Cognos reports to Power BI and developed reports on Azure Synapse environment.
Worked on Cornerstone REST APIs to analyze and document the existing Power BI reports.

UBS Financial Inc, Weehawken, NJ Feb 2017- Dec 2019
BI Data Analyst
Responsibilities

●Hands on experience in gathering, analyzing, documenting, writing user stories and validating the business requirements and translate into technical aspects.
●Managed forecasting, accruals and invoice payments including credits, debits, Overtimes, time & expenses and Miscellaneous expenses.
●Designed and developed financial models and reports, dashboards, visualizations using Power BI. Applied advanced visualization features wherever necessary to enable cross-filtering, cross-highlighting, drill throughs, drill-down, bookmarks, buttons and create custom visuals.
●Worked on DAX and SQL queries for data sourcing, data modelling and transformation.
●Performed multiple tasks on Power BI reports such as creating paginated reports, Calculated fields, automatic and schedule refreshes, Slicers and filters and publishing the reports to Power apps and Sharepoint.
●Designed financial models and performed P&L forecasting using Managed Contract Database for fixed price contracts.
●Achieved success in implementing various projects through SAP-Fieldglass in both UAT and production environments.
●Recreate existing application logic and functionality in the Azure Data Lake, Data Factory, SQL Database and process the data in Databricks.
●Provide production support of existing ETL process and develop cross validation rules to ensure mapping accuracy for newly added business rules.
●Provide production support of existing ETL process and develop cross validation rules to ensure mapping accuracy for newly added business rules.
●Created and maintained SharePoint publishing and collaboration sites, libraries, lists and developed optimization strategies. Worked with SharePoint user base to understand business needs and build solutions, including integrating external links and enhancing SharePoint libraries.
●Worked closely with stakeholders with business and Supply chain while reviewing documentation including, managed services and contract budget agreements, writing user stories, onsite due diligence reviews on supplier managers, operational support and external staff.
●Actively engaged with Accounts payable team while streamlining the invoices on SAP- General Ledger systems, including adjustments and corrections to ease the cash flow from the business to vendors.
●Created workforce, projects and functional performance including financial trends, report writing, SLAs and KPIs on Tableau tool.
●Performed risk management using regression analysis and value-at-risk analysis and trained third party vendors and the other business teams.
●Evaluated and assisted tickets raised on Service Now with respect to business operations.
●Prepared ad-hoc data and reconciliation reports using SQL queries, Oracle BI, SAP ERP, advanced excel, Visio, pivot tables and VBA.

Education:
Master’s in Information Systems and Assurance 2014 – 2016
Wilmington University, Delaware, USA

Master’s in Pharmacy 2007 – 2009
Shri Vishnu College of Pharmacy, India

Bachelor of Pharmacy 2003 – 2007
Bharath Institute of Pharmacy, India
Contact this candidate