Business Analyst
F A U Z K I G A N DA
737-***-**** ad4gzw@r.postjobfree.com
www.linkedin.com/in/fauz-kiganda-63805017/
Houston, TX 77084
Skills
Requirements gathering
Strategic Planning.
Planning and Forecasting.
Project Management
SQL Python
Excel Google Sheets
Data Analysis
Power BI
Projects
Dec 2023
IT Professionals Survey Data – Personal Project
Created dashboards with Power Bi to show insights of the best IT professionals within the IT industry.
Transformed and filtered data by using aggregating and filtering function to improve reporting process.
Transformed and processed data with Excel and SQL to ensure data completeness for data visualization. Work Experience
March 2018 – Sept 2022
Project Business Analyst:
Huawei Technologies Co. Ltd.
Increased revenue by $5M through analysis of data surrounding customer behavior, vendor relationships, stakeholder goals, and workflows.
Spearheaded weekly reports highlighting business performance, providing key stakeholders with timely insights
Identified business improvement areas and recommended changes resulting in 15% increased operational efficiency
Conducted research, analyzed business operations, and problem solved operating inefficiencies, saving the company a combined 200-man hours a month.
Worked with stakeholders and clients to model and document goals, communicating transparently to meet 98% of deadlines.
Modeled data to generate reports comparing business process evolution, assisting C-level staff with appropriate KPIs based on improved operations.
Negotiated vendor contracts yielding annual savings of over $1.2M Jan 2014 – Nov 2017
Project Control Manager
China International Telecommunications Construction Company [CITCC]
Built meaningful relationships with contractors and used these relationships to hold challenging conversations in order to understand project performance, and establish recovery plans when needed.
Improved overall team morale through recognizing a team member's poor performance and utilizing the performance management/ HR policies to remove the individual from the team.
When required, always lead difficult discussions with contractors to understand project performance and establish recovery plans to ensure delayed activities did not affect CASP milestones, or project dependencies that to 20% project performance.
Completed 80% of data cleaning and data validation of existing spreadsheets to promote robust data management platform, resulting in accurate data analysis and entry. Feb 2008 – Oct 2013
Assistant Operations Manager
Soliton Telmec Ltd
Monitored the progress of work with the master construction schedule and reviewing development plan of the city.
Monitored quality assurance and control to ensure conformance to drawings and project specifications and standards.
Conducted exploratory data analysis to uncover meaningful patterns that led to 15% increase in client engagement.
Generated and ran ad hoc reports with BI tools for senior management to support decision-making process. Education
Post Graduate Program-Data Science and Business Analytics: Simplilearn /IBM May 2023 – Mar 2024 Majors: MySQL, Power BI, Python (Pandas, NumPy, MatPlotLib), R, Tableau, Excel
MA Economic Policy Management: Makerere University Oct 2014- Nov 2015 Majors: Applied Quantitative Analysis, Strategic Planning and Management, International Economics, Management Account and Control.
BA Economics: Makerere University Aug 2004 - Sept 2007 Majors: International Finance, Intermediate Micro-Economics, Monetary Economics, Industrial Economics, Econometrics.
Contact this candidate