Preethi Shankara Bhaktula
Data Analyst
ad4pso@r.postjobfree.com
+1-470-***-****

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY:

Data/Research Analyst with ~7 years expertise in all aspects of the software development lifecycle, including requirements analysis, design, development, functional testing, production support. Well versed with Agile (Scrum) methodology and experience in executing scrum ceremonies. Acquainted with identifying business needs and develop Business Intelligence solutions (Microsoft Office Tools, Power BI) to drive accuracy and Business Continuity.

TECHNICAL SKILLS
QlikView, Qlik Sense
HTML, CSS & JavaScript
Microsoft Office Tools (Word, Excel, PowerPoint
JIRA Tool (Scrum Agile Framework)
Tabular Editor

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Dish Network – Contract (Remote) March 2021 – March 2024
Data Analyst
Utilized Microsoft Power Query to perform complex data extraction from various sources, including internal databases and cloud storage. Enhanced ETL processes by implementing advanced data transformation techniques, reducing data processing time by 30%, and ensuring accurate and efficient data loading into analytics platforms.
Managed end-to-end data flow processes, from extraction to analysis. Optimized data preparation by creating efficient data models and pipelines, which facilitated quicker data access and improved the reliability of analytical reports.
Played a key role in extracting actionable insights from complex datasets, leading to the enhancement of service quality and operational efficiency. Designed and implemented analytical models that predicted customer behavior, driving strategic decisions in product enhancements and marketing strategies.
Established and maintained stringent data quality standards through the implementation of sophisticated data cleaning and validation techniques. Led initiatives for continuous data quality improvement, which resulted in a 20% increase in the accuracy of analytical reports and decision-making tools.
Leveraged statistical analysis and machine learning to identify critical patterns and anomalies in Dish Network's operations, improving service reliability and customer satisfaction by preempting potential issues.
Developed targeted Power BI dashboards for Dish Network, enhancing decision-making with real-time analytics on network performance and customer service metrics, leading to improved operational efficiency and faster response times.
Blue cross blue shield (BCBS) Florida – Contract (Remote) SEP 2018 – March 2021
Data Specialist

Analyzed and interpreted reports developed using Microsoft Excel, gaining a deep understanding of current reporting frameworks.
Actively participated in requirements gathering discussions, gaining insights into business processes and intelligence needs.
Identified key business-impacting factors and designed data models to visually present essential details in reports and dashboards.
Analyzed Key Performance Indicators within BCBS Florida's "Claims Operations" to aid stakeholders in making informed decisions and developing modern strategies.
Developed interactive reporting dashboards in Power BI for the "Claims Operations" division, enhancing data visualization of health insurance claims over time.
Contributed to the development of the "Claims Operations" dashboard, featuring detailed reports/charts on claim submission counts, submissions by trading partner, daily intake, claims aging inventory, and reprocessing counts.
Leveraged DAX functions and measures within reports to transform data, ensuring reports reflected accurate and relevant claims statistics.
Gained experience with SQL queries, including joins, stored procedures, and functions, to build comprehensive data sets within Power BI for dashboard creation.
Performed functional testing, identified the gaps, and ensured completeness of requirements implementation, deployment and UAT assistance,
Experience working in Scrum (Agile Methodology) team and active participation in Scrum Ceremonies.

S&P Capital IQ – corporate finance JAN 2017 – AUG 2018
Junior Research Associate (JRA) (Remote)

Review Financial Data of all Listed Stock Exchange companies (NA - North America Region).
Participate in internal meetings with Offshore team to understand the ad-hoc reports.
Build ad-hoc reports to present stock prices trending of given listed stock exchange companies NA region.
Extract the stock pricing trending details from various internal sources (SQL Database, Excel Reports) and consolidate them into Internal Reporting Tool built on Microsoft Technology (Excel).
Make relevant updates to data extracted, transform, and improve presentability of overall summary report build in Excel.
Prepared summary level reports with Excel using Pivot/Power Pivot features.
Active involved in providing timely and accurate financial information to the internal clients for their review.
Actively pursued and complete relevant internal training specifically to Information Security and Data Privacy practices within Financial Industry.

Educational Qualifications:

MBA (Master of Business Administration) Finance from SIDDHARTHA TECHNICAL INSTITUTE, OSMANIA UNIVERSITY 2009.
BSC (Bachelor of Science) MPCS From ANNIE BESANT DEGREE COLLEGE, OSMANIA UNIVERSITY,2006.
INTER (MPC) From BRILLIANT Jr. COLLEGE, OSMANIA UNIVERSITY, 2003.
SSC from K.V.NO.2, CENTRAL BOARD OF SECONDARY EDUCATION, 2000.
Contact this candidate