Madhuri
ad4ts3@r.postjobfree.com
646-***-****

SUMMARY:
Worked as a Data Analyst for more than 5 years.
Experience and knowledge in multiple domains like Banking, Health Care, Pharmaceutical and Sales.
Created meaningful data visualizations to report and communicate qualitative and quantitative insights using Tableau reports, Power BI Dashboards and Excel.
Implemented databases, data collection systems, data analytics and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and quality.
Collaborated with stakeholder groups and cross functional teams to understand their data needs and provide them with actionable insights.
Proposed solutions on focusing specific requirements in view of the organizational goals.
Collected, cleaned, and transformed large data sets for analysis using MS Excel, SQL queries and Python or R scripts.
Knowledge of ETL processes to facilitate the movement of data between systems.
Detail-oriented, thorough, and vigilant to collect all necessary data without missing critical components.
Experience in Data collection, Data Extraction, Data Cleaning, Data Aggregation,
Data Verification, Data Analysis, Reporting
Adept at queries using SQL and creating reports and analyzing complex data sets to identify trends, patterns and outliers and provide data driven insights to support business decisions.
Developed interactive dashboards and story boards in Tableau featuring crosstabs, Heat maps, Scatter plots and mapping features.
Developed and maintained predictive models using statistical methodologies and machine learning techniques.
Identified and analyzed key performance indicators (KPI’s)to measure the success of various business initiatives.
Proficient use of tools and technologies like Tableau, Power BI, Power Query, DAX, Excel, SQL, Python and Google Data analytics.
Enthusiastic communicator and friendly team player who can motivate colleagues and contribute to shared objectives in efforts to accomplish departmental goals.

Skill Set:
Databases : SQL Server, Oracle
Tools and Utilities : Tableau, Power BI, MS Excel, Google Data Studio,
STATA, R
Web Technologies : Python, Visual Basic, C
Microsoft Office Tools : MS Word, Excel, PowerPoint &MS Access
ETL : Tableau prep, SSIS, Tableau Desktop

Professional Experience:

CVS Mar 2023 –Dec 2023

Sacramento, CA
Role: Mid-Level Data Analyst

Responsibilities:

Worked on development and maintenance of operational reports.
Ran daily, weekly, and monthly reports for the billing procedures performed by the department.
Coordinated with Financial Services to review underpayments or denials.
Monitored charges are handled correctly and facilitate the addition, deletion, or correction of charges.
Ran SQL queries related to the patients and their medications monthly and worked on the reports for new medications that were introduced.
Worked on collecting purchases for contract compliance and ran reports for accurate pricing.
Monitor monthly budget variance, identify significant activity.
Generate a year-end report of budget versus expended dollars based on reconciliation of budget with the general ledger, for each cost center by account.
Compiled data and generated reports related to current expenses to serve as the basis for the asking budget.
Worked closely with the Data Architecture to generate report for department current expenditure documentation with the hospital general ledger.
Interacted with hospital purchasing, materials handling and other departments responsively and productively to promote efficient systems interface and problem resolution related to fiscal and clinical management.
Worked with the Pharmacy Committee by providing financial data to be used in the drug evaluation process using dashboards and graphs for a better Data Visualization.
Created corresponding documentation based on the medications as it pertains to appropriate use and billing of medications.
Maintained reports in compliance with 340B program requirements of qualified patients, drugs, providers, vendors, payers, and locations.
Tools used: Excel, SQL, Python, Tableau etc.

State Bank of India California (SBIC). Aug 2022 – Feb 2023
Fremont, CA
Role: Financial Data Analyst

Responsibilities:

Worked on performing quantitative and qualitative analysis and worked on portfolio management.
Generating, Filing, and submitting daily reports such as Cash Recon, Check Recon, Holds Reports, Dormant account Report, OFAC.
Created and deployed queries, conducted data analysis, and produced reports and presentations to share critical findings with stakeholders.
Created Consolidation Report including the branch deposits, loans, and Net Income, budget, and lockers in use as well.
Worked on reports as per the requirement needs for departments including Finance, Accounting, Credit and Marketing.
FMS Report -sending FMS Report daily to the operations which has totals of the incoming and outgoing wires of the branch.
Worked on documenting various reports and files while pulling data from various sources like SQL server, CSV and flat files.
Entered the data into the Bank’s Database of the performing transactions related to check, cash deposits, withdrawals, transfers, exchange, Issuing Cashier’s checks, Honoring Customer and Non-Customer on US checks.
Worked on the reports and maintained data for the customers with Online Internet or Mobile banking.
Maintained proper documentation as required for record retention purposes and audit checks.
Tools used: SQL, Excel, MS (Financial Management System) etc.

Client: Optum Oct 2018 – Feb 2022
Arizona
Role: Data Analyst. (Health Care Project )

Responsibilities:
Analysis and understanding of the Business Requirements, Project Functional Specifications, HLD, LLD through review sessions with Business Analysts and Project team.
Utilized knowledge of current and planned HealthCare systems to gather information.
specific to the Organization standards.
Ran the queries and created the Summary reports based on the templates on a monthly and quarterly basis for the funds utilized by the department based on medications.
Created and maintained reports for the patients along with their diseases and medications by retrieving data using SQL.
Developed and automated Google Analytics Dashboards for performance statistics.
Worked on the Acquisition costs for the Transportation as well as Medications based on the estimated billing and updated the patient’s records in the Database.
Built several KPI ‘s based on client requirements for financial metrics and billing metrics.
Created weekly, quarterly, and monthly reports as per the requirements by the providers and quality team.
Maintained Excel reports for the non-technical team by using Pivot functions and graphical representation using bar graphs and pie charts when needed.
Worked on large data sets and retrieved the data from multiple tables to generate reports.
Good understanding of ETL process that help facilitate the movement of data between the databases.
Detail-oriented, thorough and vigilant to collect all necessary data without missing critical components.
Tracking and identifying underlying drivers of KPI targets and metrics, synthesizing findings and communicating insights.
Documented the requirements and the steps involved to generate reports for future references for the team.
Also used Excel for summary statistics and VBA to automate data transforming.

Tools used: SQL, Excel, Python, Google sheets, VBA, Tableau

Client: Fossil Jan 2017 - Aug 2018
Livermore, CA
Role: Quality Data Analyst.(E-Commerce website )

Responsibilities:
Collected data such as sales figures, market research, logistics, and shipping costs.
Worked along with web developers and collaborated to optimize data collection and to develop routines using Excel that can be easily modified in other areas..
Worked along with the Senior analysts to create reports that are essential for higher management as they give insights about new trends on the horizon as well as the trends preferred by the online customers.
Worked on the data to find trends and insights that can be used to make recommendations to the Brands.
Collaborated across many other departments in an organization including marketers, executives, and salespeople.
Excellent communication skills and a good team player.

Tools used: Excel, Power Bi etc.

Education:

Master’s degree Business Administration. (With specializations in Finance and Information Technology).-2003
Bachelor’s degree in commerce -2001
Contact this candidate