Sai Teja Busa
502-***-**** ad512a@r.postjobfree.com https://www.linkedin.com/in/teja-busa/
Summary

Results oriented Data Analyst with 3+ years of experience in Financial Services, E-commerce and Business sectors holding a Master of Science degree in Business Analytics and a Bachelor degree in Computer Science and Engineering. Known for process optimization, report automation, and data audits, leveraging novel technologies like Python, Power BI, SAS, MYSQL, API’s. Seeking opportunities in Data-driven, Decision-making roles where I can leverage novel technologies to solve complex business problems.

Skills and Interests

Programming languages: Python, R, MySQL, SAS, SPSS
Databases: Microsoft SQL Server, Oracle RDBMS
Data Visualization: Power BI, Tableau, Visio
Hobbies: Cricket, Badminton.

Experience

A2Z Ozone • Louisville, KY, USA • Internship • Aug. 2023 – Present
Data Analyst

Developed new SAS processes for ROAS (Return on Ad Spend) analysis, significantly reducing reporting time by up to 30 hours per week and documenting workflows for future team members.
Developed automated reports using Power BI, Python, and MySQL, reducing manual intervention and saving 20 hours per month for an analyst.
Developed machine learning models to segment customers based on sales data, enabling clients to predict future customers and increase sales from specific groups, making insights easy to understand for non-technical people also identified relationships between data points and (client) business outcomes and behaviors for statistically performing relevant analytics (Regression Analysis and Clustering mostly) on existing data.
Currently working on a tool to calculate the flow rate for ozone generators based on the oxygen supply rate and generator size, simplifying the process for clients to achieve their desired ozone output. This tool aims to save clients up to 80% in time spent on third-party calibrations and up to 85% in costs.

Kaar Technologies. • Chennai, TN, India • Full Time • Aug. 2021 - June. 2023
SAP Business Analyst
Conducted comprehensive company analysis utilizing statistical regression models and SPSS software, identifying effective potential partners to enhance our company's profitability through informed pitching decisions.
Implemented scheduled analysis which includes data verification and data correction processes that has resulted in an 85% reduction in data errors leading to improved data quality using one or more databases, data visualization tools, and CRM tools for data management and analysis of receipts, registrations, and financial assistance.
Successfully managed end-to-end client engagement, from initial pitch to project completion, cultivating and maintaining long-term customer relationships, resulting in increased business growth and project success.
Conducted frequent interactions with team members, IT personnel, the user community, and others on an ongoing basis to ensure accurate identification and delivery of business requirements and developed Python scripts for data cleaning, analysis, and automating day-to-day activities.

Neon Hut • Hyderabad, TG, India • Internship • Dec. 2019 - July. 2021
Ecommerce Business Owner

Created my first DIY Shopify website from scratch, scaling it to $4,000/month profit using Facebook and Google ads, managed end-to-end operations including coding, SEO, product listings, and performance metrics analysis.
Independently handled all business aspects such as customer support, manufacturer negotiations, logistics, returns, and shipping, demonstrating strong multitasking and pressure-handling capabilities.
Managed a team of 6 in marketing, logistics, customer service, and product development, generating $25,000 revenue within the first 4 months and growing the brand's online presence through social media campaigns and SEO strategies.

AT&T • Chennai, TN, India • Contract • Aug. 2019 – Nov. 2019
Business Analytics Intern
Spearheaded data analysis initiatives at AT&T, leveraging statistical models and machine learning algorithms to optimize fleet operations, resulting in a projected potential savings of millions.
Collected and analyzed data to produce meaningful reports in support of special projects and requests from partners and AT&T leadership.
Partnered with the support organization to provide training, support and technical assistance to operation team and end users as necessary.

Projects

Capstone Project, Detection of Facial expressions using Deep Learning, Bharath Institute July. 2021

Gathered a dataset of images or video clips that capture people's faces while they are in meetings or lectures. Ensure that the dataset represents a diverse range of emotions, including happiness, sadness, anger, surprise, and neutrality.
Used a machine learning or deep learning model for facial emotion recognition while training the model using the preprocessed data and labeled emotions.

Capstone Project, Employees Engagement for Red E App, University of Louisville Aug. 2023
Worked with Red E App for over 2 months to define the KPIs that are crucial for measuring employee engagement. These might include factors like surveys results, feedback, attendance, productivity metrics and more.
Trained and ran an XGboost model on the training data and evaluated its performance using appropriate metrics.

Certifications

SAS- University of Louisville Certificate in Data Analytics Dec. 2023
Microsoft Power BI Data Analyst Professional Mar. 2024
Google Data Analytics Professional Mar. 2024
Education

Master of Science Business Analytics Aug. 2023
University of Louisville, Louisville, KY
GPA: 3.89

Bachelor of Technology Computer Science and Engineering July. 2021
Bharath Institute of Higher Education and Research, Chennai, India
GPA: 3.91
Contact this candidate