DIPTAVO GOSWAMI
Email: ad56dz@r.postjobfree.com
Mobile: +91-983*******, +91-798*******

Experience Summary

1.Having 15+ year of experience in Data Analysis with Telecom, Print Media, Retail, IT and Pharma.
2.Proficient in Business/Data Analysis, Campaign Management, Dashboard and MIS reporting.
3.Experience in Client Handling, VBA, SQL, Advanced Excel, Python,visual reporting by Power BI.

Technical Skills

Databases: Oracle SQL, MS Access
Reporting/Dashboard Tools: Power BI, Advanced Excel, Python, MS Office Suite

Work Experience Details

1. Organization: Teamlease Digital
Duration: Sep 2023 to May 2024
Technologies and Tools: Salesforce, Alteryx, Snowflake, Excel
Profile Summary: Data Consultant (Client is Novartis)

Job Details:
Working as a team member in the following projects:
1. Precise Medicine: Month End Reports and Dashboard for BRAF, PIK3CA
2. LEAP: Daily/Weekly Reports for Cosentyx & RLT, Monthly Agent Performance Tracker
3. Understanding the Patient journey and prepare adhoc reports

2. Organization: True Blue LLP
Duration: 1 year 9 months (Jan 2022 to Sep 2023)
Technologies and Tools: VBA, DTM Assist, SQL, Advanced Excel
Profile Summary: Service Delivery Engineer (Client is DELL Technologies)

Job Details:
Working as a team member in the FedEx project:
1.Weekly Consolidated Reports generation: Using DTM Assist and SQL
2.Automation using VBA of the weekly reports and adhoc reports
3.Maintaining Access database of all applications and their dependencies
4.Creating and maintaining packages with dependencies between apps and assets in DTM

3. Organization: Teamlease Digital
Duration: 1 year 6 months (Apr 2020 to Nov 2021)
Technologies and Tools: VBA, Javelin Incentive Manager, Flexview, IMD Dataview
Profile Summary: Data Consultant (Client is Novartis)

Job Details:
Working as a team member in the following projects:
1. Austria Sandoz: Month End Reports and Dashboard for 1A, Hexal & Sandoz BU
2. Eligibility Calculations for France Pharma – Trimester process
3. Sales Crediting for France Oncology – Monthly process
4. Incentive Calculations for France Oncology – Monthly process
5. Qualitative Bonus Calculations Pharma – Annual process
6. Meaningful Interaction Reporting for Top 11 countries – Monthly process
7.Automation of incentive workbook for QC and date conversion in correct format from source files

4. Organization: Datamatics Global Services
Duration: 5 Months (Sep 2019 to Feb 2020)
Technologies and Tools: MS Excel, SQL
Profile Summary: Senior Consultant (Client is DELL EMC)

Job Details:
1.Coordinating with Clients for approval and facilitating the scheduling process.
2.Automation of excel reports using VBA and MS Access

5. Worked as a Freelancer
Duration: Aug 2018 to Sep 2019
Technologies and Tools: SQL, Advanced Excel

1. Worked as an online & offline faculty on statistics, data analysis and data management.
2. Data management project using SQL and Excel.

6. Organization: SAHAJ E Village Ltd
Duration: 10 Months (Sep 2017 to July 2018)
Technologies and Tools: BI Solutions, MySQL
Profile Summary: Business Analyst

Job Details:
1. Working with various LOBs and Transactions, Revenue Calculation from various states.
2. Finding variance between monthly targets and actual revenue.
3. Calculating payout against various incentive schemes for the sales team.
4. Creating minutes of the meeting during review and other internal meetings.
5. Preparing business data for the CEO.

7. Organization: ABP Pvt Ltd
Duration: 2 Years 4 Months (May 2015 to Sep 2017)
Technologies and Tools: SAP Reports, SQL, Excel
Profile Summary: Asst Manager Circulation

Job Details:
1.Extracting Monthly and daily sales, supply, and subscription data from SAP ECC & CRM modules for both trade & subscription.
2.Agent wise performance tracking and gap analysis.
3.Data modelling using python for the churn base prediction (multiple regression).
4.Various Databases for Subscription part are maintained, like Active Base, Acquisition Base, and Lapse Base.

8. Organization: Netxcell Pvt Limited
Duration: 3 months (March 2014 to May 2014)
Technologies and Tools: Query Builder, GreyBox- Campaign Management Tool, Excel.
Profile Summary: Campaign Manager

Job Details:
1. Revenue and Base Analysis of the campaigns daily via MTD and LMTD data.
2. Designing Campaigns for Aircel MUMBAI/Maharashtra using the Greybox tool.
Designing logic for the campaigns, given by the client using query builder and generate the target bases.

9. Organization: VODAFONE South Limited
Duration: 5 years 3 months (October 2008 to January 2014)
Technologies and Tools: SQL, Oracle DB, Advanced Excel
Profile Summary: Marketing Data Analysis, Data Management and Reporting

Job Details:
1. Extract and Export data: Extract data from remote Data Warehouse (Teradata SQL Client) using Teradata SQL Assistant (TSA) tool. Export and load the dumps to Oracle database using SQL Loader.
2. Maintaining and Verification of Data: Maintaining and tracking different transactions on daily/weekly/monthly tables in system database. Data sources are Teradata warehouse, UPSS (Unified Prepaid Support System), and other BI tools (SAS, Cognos). Verification of data to maintain a minimal variance between different data sources.
3. Report through BI Tools: Standard and cube report generation for usage, recharge and other attributes of the subscribers on daily basis using Tableau, Cognos and SAS reporting tools. Daily & monthly reporting for the business KPI’s like ARPU, Based Churn, Promotions via SMS, Acquisition & Retention etc.

10. Organization: Simplex Infrastructures Limited
Duration: 2 years 5 months (March 2006 to August 2008)
Technologies and Tools: Oracle10g Developer Suite, Oracle 10g Database
Profile Summary: Oracle Developer

Job Details:
1. Oracle 10g Developer Suite Developer and PL SQL Programmer (Packages, Procedures, Functions, Triggers)

Academic Qualification

1. Completed MCA with 80% from West Bengal University of Technology in 2005.
2. Completed graduation (B.SC) with 55% from Calcutta University in 2001.
3. Completed Higher Secondary with 62% from C.B.S.E in 1998.
4. Completed Secondary with 75% from C.B.S.E in 1996.

Personal Details

Date of Birth: 04th April 1979
Father’s Name: Mr. T. Goswami
Languages Known: English,Hindi,Bengali
Marital status: Married
Home Address: 30 Narendra Nagar, Belgharia, Kolkata 700056
LinkedIn Profile: - https://www.linkedin.com/in/diptavo-goswami-76a83366/

(Diptavo Goswami)
Contact this candidate