Moumita Sanyal
Belle Mead, NJ *****
Email : ad57h9@r.postjobfree.com
Phone # 848-***-****
www.linkedin.com/in/moumitasanyal

SUMMARY
CSM Certified Business Analyst with 8 years of experience working at various Fortune 500 companies focusing on financial & retail services industry.
Leading teams and conducting business analysis, requirements gathering, user story workshops, impact analysis & DevOps integrations
Experience supporting end to end project lifecycle including design, development and deployment using AWS (EC2, Lambda) and Azure
Good knowledge in Investment/Retail banking, financial statements, cash flow, financing structures, Capital Management, Asset Data, Fixed Income, Portfolio Analysis, Budgeting
Worked extensively with Microsoft Excel Macros, VLOOKUPS, and Pivot Tables. Proficient Microsoft Word, Power Point, Access and Lotus Notes.
Experience in commercial banking, loan processing and group insurance application
In-depth, hands-on knowledge of Business Analysis, ETL, Data warehousing / Business Intelligence using ETL tools such as Power BI and Advanced Excel
Experienced in designing and generation of Reports and Dashboards using Power BI and various other data visualization software such as SpotFire etc.
Conduct JAD sessions in agile environment and communicate with all business stakeholders.
Demonstrated ability in work across a cross-functional team, collaborate with stakeholders, maintain client relations and deliver executive presentations
Knowledge of Payment Systems- SWIFT messaging system for Funds Transfer, Payment Messages Customer Payments/FI Transfers, Cash Management Messages and Statements

SKILLSET:
BA Skills
SDLC (Agile- SCRUM, Waterfall)
JAD Session
Business analysis
UML
Business Process Improvement
Requirements Gathering
Author User Stories
Scope and Project Definition
Technical Skills
MySQL server, SQL, DB2
JIRA & Confluence
HTML, Java, Angular app knowledge
Mainframes
UAT & User Training
BI (SAS, SAP BO, MS Power BI)
Data Modeling

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE-

M&T Bank September 2022 -present

Scrum Master/Business System Analyst

Responsibilities:
Scrum Events, Project management, People Management, Managing Reporting in JIRA
Removed team impediments with other Scrum masters and/or Project manager.
SM for two teams and managed planning, backlog grooming, and TDD
Implementation.
Responsible for the project management activities.
Responsible for release train management: dependencies, challenges and risks.
Product ownership: created comprehensive functional requirements and prioritized
them for all sprint meetings.
Track, manage and report the functionalities, releases in JIRA.
Educate and reinforce scrum methodology and agile framework to team members
and stakeholders.
Understanding of incremental delivery and the value of metrics including backlog
tracking, burn down metrics, acceptance criteria, velocity, and task definition.
Responsible for communicating to program team members across workstreams and
coordinating cross-scream team communication, issue resolution, and integration
defect triage
Responsible for establishing schedule and process for product/iteration demo’s and
facilitate across scrum teams

Somerset Valley Bank, Somerville, NJ July 2020 - Aug 2022
Business Analyst

Somerset Valley Bank is a commercial banking operation of New Jersey. SVB offers a range of financial services and products to more than 20 million customers. As part of this project, I was contributing towards the development of a brand new web application that serves as a single point of access for retail partners across America. The portal enables a one stop shop experience for retail partners and provides SSO functionality to other applications across SVB to fulfill business needs.

Responsibilities:
Lead requirements management on project(s) which are based on complexity, size and budget as defined by the project governance levels
As part of the SCRUM team, refine user stories and product backlog, lead story refinement sessions and ensure proper updates to acceptance criteria.
Discuss Applications with Application Owners with a focus on Access Control requirements
Discuss Applicable Regulations with Compliance to identify access control requirements
Identify Access Control Requirements of the Business
Provide leadership / guidance and support in defining the business need or problem statement based on strategic drivers and identifying potential solutions
Identify scope and complete analysis to determine impact to project benefits and risks
Facilitate and follow a structured approach to plan, elicit, analyze, document, communicate, and manage business requirements with stakeholders by applying a variety of elicitation techniques to probe, challenge and understand requirements according to the requirements management discipline.
Experienced in troubleshooting and performance tuning of reports and resolving issues within Power BI Reports.
Identify, document and validate current state processes and work with the business and stakeholders to design the desired future state
Establish and maintain full requirements traceability and work with the business to prioritize requirements and scope changes to ensure business needs are met
Collaborate with technology partners and provide recommendations to support development of system requirements and design, testing plans, artifacts/deliverables to ensure business needs are met
Proactively identify and track requirements risks, issues, assumptions, dependencies, constraints and anticipate and effectively manage risks related to requirements.

Contribute to Quality Assurance activities by supporting the development of test scripts and testing of developed solutions, including communication of issues and resolution
Adhere to Enterprise project governance controls to ensure projects meet all performance, quality and compliance standards and conforms to appropriate disciplines
Own and complete relevant work packages through collaboration with multiple stakeholders to prepare for operational readiness, managing deadlines and adjusting to changing work priorities

PNC Financial Services, Jersey City, NJ Feb 2018 – June 2020
Business Analyst

PNC Financial Services is a financial service company offering a variety of banking products and financial solutions like personal banking, small business, retail banking, home financing and equity loans, asset management, wealth management, corporate and investment banking and credit card services to its customers. Personal Banking involves opening and maintenance of checking, savings, recurring deposit accounts and personal loans. As part of the project, I worked on a major enhancement to the commercial loan processing application.

Responsibilities:

Facilitated Joint Requirement Planning JRP sessions with SME's in understanding the Requirements pertaining to Loan Origination to Loan Processing.
Reviewed Design Documents, Requirements Analysis Specifications with Project Lead, Business Owners and the Technical Lead.
Involved in creating the User Interface Specification Document and User Training Manual as per project specification with the help of development team
Assist the technical team in translating application functionality into application architecture and the production of a System Functionality document
Assisted to develop the Test Plan, Test Cases and Test Scenarios to be used in testing based on Business Requirements, technical specifications and/or product knowledge.
Involved in mentoring specific projects in application of the new SDLC based on the Agile Unified Process, especially from the project management, requirements and architecture perspectives.
Created and managed Project Templates, Use Case Project Templates, Requirement Types
Conducted Defect Validation using Test Director to screen the illegitimate defects raised by the QA and UAT teams before hitting Development.
Conducted Functional Walkthroughs, User Acceptance Testing UAT, and supervised the development of User Manuals for customers.
Maintaining SQL Script for creation of Database Objects using VSS Visual Source Safe.

Bank of America, New York City, NY May 2016 – Jan 2018
Business Analyst

Project 1: Mobile app SSO setup, Alerts and loan processing core center update.

Coordinated with the business partners in conducting the UAT User Acceptance Testing.
Closely involved in defining project scope and identifying discrete enhancement efforts as individual tasks or sub-projects and prioritizing them.
Responsible for analyzing and translating business requirements for the development of business rules and system rules for Retail banking.
Performed in-depth analysis and gathered business requirements for client’s website redesign project. Analyze mainframe requirements for data mapping.
Analyzed web site usability using data gathered from the existing website.
Followed Iterative approach for the enhancement effort and divided the requirements in two phases for phased development
Acted as a liaison between stakeholders: User Experience Developers, Business Users and managers, from business side, and software development team to gather requirements.
Developed Prototypes and conducted requirement walkthroughs with technical team to communicate requirements to them.
Worked closely with UAT Team with the business users and took sign off

Project 2: Enhancements to Claims Processing System

The project was to automate the claims processing systems and enhance the CRM by providing real time monitoring for the health insurance division
Gather requirements, conduct JAD sessions, write user stories to include the dashboard feature on homepage
Worked on gathering requirements to show the last twenty-five claims, their statuses, estimated processing time, reimbursed amount and several other fields.
Contributed to all phases of this agile project, supported multiple releases over a 1-year period.

Project 3: Financial Data Extraction, Analysis & Reporting,

Worked extensively on gathering data from legacy mainframe application,
On an ad-hoc basis generate a data extract from the database and perform various types of analysis as per client requirement to generate various types of reports.
Tools used included- Advanced Excel, SSRS, Power BI for visualizing and pattern analysis,
The data was primarily related to financial claim information for the current fiscal.

CVS Health, Florham Park, NJ Mar 2014 – April 2016
Business Analyst

Project 1: Online Pharmacist Licensing Portal

Create cost to benefit analysis, benefits realization timeline and determine client expectations and design customized solutions.
Assess the change impact, project impact on application teams.
Act as the primary liaison between the Business Units, Information Technology (IT) and 3rd party vendors.
Manage all aspects of agile development through Scrum processes.
Evaluate software development processes, impact analysis and make recommendations for updates
Assist business team members in the development of test case scenarios for UAT.
Present the product feature demo to business team after every iteration.
Ensure information security standards and appropriate firewalls are in place to comply with regulatory requirements.
Perform feasibility, gap analysis, present the outcome to core committee,
Conduct JAD sessions and document the proceedings,
Employ quality assurance techniques and develop efficient testing procedures.
Provide expert solutions towards BPR by analyzing and redesigning workflows within and between functional business units to optimize end-to-end processes and automate non-value-added tasks.
Use of Time: 50% as a Business Analyst, 10% QA testing, 40% Data Analyst
Technologies: JIRA, Microsoft Visio, MS Excel

Project 2: IT Forecast automation, PPM process automation, Governance funding approvals
Collaborate with teams across broad technical, financial and business disciplines to gather requirements.
Focused on business objectives and tracked progress to ensure project milestones were completed on time, on budget and with the desired results.
Involved in end to end of the SDLC process from requirements gathering to UAT testing and developing change management approaches.
Risk analysis and risk management by identifying risk and formulate a risk mitigation strategy through careful analysis of various processes around financial and statistical data. Change management- Anticipated and managed change effectively in rapidly evolving global business environments.
Held meetings with information security teams to analyze the security protocols, data management and data retention policies.
Perform enterprise-wide project impact analysis in the form of planning and scoping several inter-related initiatives and helping senior-level business stakeholders make informed decisions
Design the data sharing architecture between third party systems and home system to ensure secure transfer of information via encrypted data exchange gateways.
Lead the requirement gathering efforts by acting as an expert on the process and best practices for conducting requirements sessions.
Help internal stakeholders explore technology possibilities to more effectively execute their business needs.
Use of Time: 60% as a Business analyst, 30% Data Analyst, 10% Business Process Design
Technologies: JIRA, Microsoft Visio, MS PowerPoint, MS Excel, Planview 12

Education-
Bachelor of Science from Osmania University 1993 to 1996
Contact this candidate