BLESSING OKORONKWO
Tel: 717-***-**** Email: ad5h8q@r.postjobfree.com

PROFESSIONAL PROFILE
A motivated and proactive individual with experience designing, developing, testing, and maintaining BI solutions. Involved in gathering requirements and extracting data from disparate sources and designing reports per requirements and tasked to ensure data quality. Analyzed reporting requirements and developed reports and dashboards in Tableau & Power BI. Ability to learn new innovative techniques quickly, while exhibiting great attention to detail. Executing under aggressive deadlines and adapting to quickly changing environments and systems while maintaining the organizational vision. Very passionate about projects and efficiently carrying out tasks that are time-sensitive to guarantee the growth and success of the organization.

TECHNICAL SKILLS
Databases
MS SQL Server 2012 & Oracle 9i, DB2, MySQL
ETL/Other Tools
SSIS, Informatica Power Center, Erwin Data Modeler
Querying Tools
SQL Management Studio
Querying language
SQL, PL/SQL, TSQL, Python, and R script
Business Intelligence Tools
Tableau, Power BI, SSRS, Excel Power Pivot.

WORK EXPERIENCE

IES Communications Tempe, AZ June 2022 – Present
Snr. Data Analyst/ Power BI Developer

Maintain data repositories with data definitions, relationships, linkages, and sources.
Experience building Power BI reports that include slicers, tooltips, and role-level securities.
Communicate open items and issues to key stakeholders, including management, development teams, and business areas. Perform root cause analysis for issues and provide effective and timely results.
Create, organize, customize analysis, and visualize projects and dashboards to present to Senior Level Executives.
Collaborate with team members, and team Lead on projects to determine information needs and to understand requirements for reporting support.
Execute ad hoc reporting requirements for the executive management team.
Import data from multiple data sources, create calculated columns and measures using formulas and build dashboards using Power BI.
Generate charts using MS Excel Pivot tables and develop presentations with MS PowerPoint.
Develop Power BI visualizations and dashboards using Power BI Desktop.
Receive, cleaned, prepped, and analyzed data and created reports (ad hoc, standardized) to provide proactive and presentative insights.
Produce and maintain sales reports & dashboards in Salesforce for the Sales team and Management.
Ensured Security by restricting data access based on user characteristics such as their roles by creating ‘user filters' which is also known as ‘row level security'(RLS).
Collaborate with a team of developers to design, develop, and implement a business intelligence solution for customer KPIs.
Creating reports and dashboards that provide insights into key performance indicators, such as sales trends, inventory levels, and customer satisfaction.
Collect and analyze data from various sources including row data reports, customer feedback, and market research to create reports and dashboards for senior managers.

Charles Schwab Phoenix, AZ June 2021– May 2022 Business Intelligent Developer
Analyzed reporting requirements using SQL Datasets and developed various Dashboards.
Involved in extraction, transformation, and loading of data directly from different database and source systems like Flat files, Excel, Oracle, SQL Server, and PostgreSQL.
Assisted the organization by making strategic data-related decisions by analyzing, manipulating, tracking, internally managing, and reporting data.
Created demos in Tableau Desktop and published onto Tableau Server.
Developed Tableau workbooks from multiple data sources using Data Blending.
Generate KPIs for Track owner’s satisfaction using -tooltip, Calculations, Parameters,
Created and utilized SQL queries to pull and create a dataset used by various departments.
Created Dax Queries to generate computed columns in Power BI.
Used Power BI Gateways to keep the dashboards and reports up to date.
Published reports and dashboards using Power BI.
Used Power BI Gateways to keep the dashboards and reports up to date.
Published reports and dashboards using Power BI.
Used DAX Queries to create customized columns and measures in Power BI.
Involved in creating database objects like tables, views, procedures, triggers, and other functions using T-SQL to provide definition, and structure and to maintain data efficiently.
Prepared high-level analysis reports with Excel and Tableau, providing feedback on the quality.
Designed and implemented a BI solution for users in collaboration with developers.
Use the JIRA tool to create Peer reviews, Manager reviews, and updates for Track owners.
Translates data into the visual representation of information and presents it to the appropriate department.
Strong problem-solving and analytical skills.
Ability to work in a dynamic, and often fast-paced environment.

USAA Phoenix, AZ May 2020 – April 2021
Business Solution Analyst

Created Tableau Dashboards with interactive views, trends, and drill-downs along with user-level security.
Wrote complex SQL queries for data manipulation and sorting.
Generates reports of KPI scorecards & effective dashboards after gathering and translating end-user requirements.
Experience creating stored procedures and views.
Involved in designing, developing, and testing the ETL (Extract, Transformation, and Load) strategy to populate the data from various source systems feeds using SSIS.
Create report templates and enhance reporting templates used in creating reports.
Experience with creating reports using Power BI.
Created Power BI reports using sources like Excel, SQL server, Datawarehouse, SAP, Azure SQL, Synapse, CSV, and SharePoint.
Experience in creating data visualization solutions and report dashboards using Tableau.
Created and developed Dashboards, Tabular, Matrix reports (crosstab or pivot), Charts, Graphs, Drill Sub-Reports, drill down reports, Drill through reports, and Parameterized reports using SSRS.
Created Power BI visualization of Dashboards and scorecards (KPI) for the finance and operations department.
Designed, developed, and implemented Power BI Dashboards, Custom reports, Scorecards & KPI Reports using data from different sources like SQL Server, SAP, Azure, Excel, CSV, and SharePoint.
Created DAX functions in Power BI to manipulate data.
Scheduled Automatic refresh and scheduling refresh in power BI service.
Rendered reports in different formats such as pdf and Excel to be executed automatically on a weekly or monthly basis and managed subscriptions.
Create and maintain detailed documentation on all projects and ad hoc requests.

Cigna Healthcare Uniondale, NY Jan 2015 - March 2020
Data Analyst / Tableau Developer

Engaged in requirement gathering process and created documentation for business based on BI deliverables.
Excellent knowledge and usage of reporting tools such as Tableau, SQL, and Power BI.
Used data visualization tools to provide an easy-to-understand interface for end users to quickly identify key themes within their data.
Connected Tableau desktop to several data sources such as Excel files, SQL Server, and Oracle databases.
Worked with advanced analysis Actions - Calculations, Parameters, Background images, Maps, Trend Lines, Statistics, Log Axes, Groups, Hierarchies, and Sets, to create detail-level summary reports and dashboards using KPIs.
Created, organized, customized analysis, and visualized projects and dashboards to present to Senior Level Executives.
Created reports in Tableau Desktop and published them onto Tableau Server.
Documented the entire process of business requirement gathering and dashboard development.
Created complex reports showing Detailed level Transactions, monthly Aging, YTD cash goal, and Quarterly reports.
Produced Logical Data Models/Physical Data Models using SSIS.
Worked on motion chart, Bubble chart, and drill-down analysis using Tableau desktop.
Deployed Tableau Dashboards and worksheets in a clustered environment.
Manipulated complex formulas in Tableau for various business calculations.
Resolved reporting and design issues throughout the reporting life cycle.
Ensured all project requirements and objectives were properly documented and pursued.
Created conditional filters to filter the data on the dashboard.
Created Parameters for desired functionality.
Worked with client and team members to understand and clarify visualization requirements.
Written complex SQL queries and optimized queries for performance tuning.

EDUCATION & CERTIFICATION

Abia State University - Bachelor of Arts, Humanities & Social Sciences – DEGREE

Safe Scrum Master Certification 5.0 [SSM] – CERT
Certified Scrum Master [CSM] – Cert
AWS Solution Architect Associate Certification - CERT
Contact this candidate