Professional Summary:
Overall *+ Years in Excellent exposure to Data Analysis and System Analysis with Tableau, Power BI, Snowflake, Data Modelling, Business Requirement and Technical Documentation in Developer in Healthcare and Banking industry.
Experience in working with Tableau Desktop and Tableau Server solutions on Enterprise environment.
Experience in handling, administration of databases like MySQL and No databases like MongoDB.
Experience on XML related technologies such as XML, XSD, EXML, JSON and JAXB.
Experience with database technologies like MySQL, Oracle SQL, PL/SQL, MongoDB, No SQL and DB Visualizer.
Developed in creating different visualizations using Bars, Lines and Pies, Maps, Scatter plots, Gantt charts, Bubbles, Histograms, Bullets, Heat maps and Highlight tables.
Proficient in ETL tools like MSBI tools including Informatica, SSRS, SSIS and SSAS.
Strong experience using Agile SDLC methodologies, experience writing user stories and partaking in daily stand-up meetings.
Strong knowledge on Data Visualization, designing and developing interactive Tableau Dashboards views, trends, actions and drill downs.
Experience in creating DDL, DML and Transaction queries in SQL for Oracle database.
Worked on different phases of data visualization development lifecycle, from gathering requirements to testing and implementation.
Involved in Gathering/ analysis, Design, Development, Testing and Production rollover.
Proficient in analyzing missing data and dummy variables by exploring correlations from imputation methods such as iterative imputer on SAS and Python
Experience on Cloud Databases and Data warehouses (SQL Azure, Snowflake, Google Cloud Big Query, AWS Redshift)
Proficient in Big Data tools such as Hadoop HDFS, Spark and MapReduce and Redshift SQL and Data Warehousing tools like Snowflake, GCP Big Query
Experience with Python libraries including NumPy, Pandas, SciPy, Scikit-Learn, Matplot Lib, Seaborn, geopy, NLTK and R libraries like ggplot2, dplyr, Lattice, Highcharter etc.
Experience with Cloud Technologies like AWS EC2, S3, RDS, EMR, DynamoDB.
Responsible for different Data mapping activities from Source systems to Teradata.
Experienced in analyzing Business Requirements Documents (BRD), Functional Requirement Documents (FRD), Test Strategy and Test data preparation, Coordinating User Acceptance Testing (UAT), Preparing Manuals and Training Business Users.
Excellent Communication, interpersonal, analytical skills, and strong ability to perform in a team as well as individually.

Technical Skills:

Databases
MS SQL Server, MS Access, Oracle 18c, 19c, Teradata, MongoDB compass, No SQL Manager.
Software
Microsoft Office (PowerPoint, Excel, Word and Access), Visio, SQL Reporting.
Operating Systems
Linux, UNIX, Windows
ETL
INFORMATICA, SSIS,SSRS
Reporting Tools
Tableau and Power BI
Programming Languages
C, Visual Basic, and C++, VB 16.0, SQL, Python, R, JSON
Project Management Tools
Google Shared Services
Methodology
Agile, Waterfall, Scrum

Academic Qualifications:
Master of Science in Computer and Information Systems – Wilmington University, USA
Bachelor of Technology in Engineering – ECE in Holy Mary Institution of Science and Technology -JNTUH, India
Work Experience:
Client: Nike,OR
Role: Data Analyst January 2023 to Present
Responsibilities:
Worked with the Data Engineering team to analyze and validate large amounts of data in GCP Big query.
Designing and developing Tableau functional reports based on user requirements.
Creating reports which use calculated fields, LODs, combined field, bins, sets, geo coding and hierarchies using Tableau Desktop.
Implementation of the Database Quality Assurance in Prod/Stage/Test/Dev environments using the SQL scripts.
Experience in documenting the data lineage by interacting to the customers.
Developed and testing the Data Visualization Reports, Dashboards using Tableau.
Overcame challenges like migrating the data from MYSQL to MongoDB.
Involved in data mapping document from source to target and the data quality assessments for the source data.
Worked on MongoDB environment and created a back and recovery, Security updates has performed.
Designed and implemented RESTFUL web services using data format (JSON, XML) to provide an interface to the various third-party applications.
Handling the huge data by the XML format and provided it to the end users.
Creating queries for source and target validation from various systems like SAP to GCP data lake for huge amounts of financial and raw data.
Created reports for the Products and Marketing teams using SQL and Domo, through which the teams managed to sign new artists into the company and for collaboration purposes.
Created SQL queries for schemas, views, stored procedures, and functions for data migration. Involved in the project from planning stage to pushing codes to production.
Constructed and implemented multiple-table links requiring complex join statements.
Created data pipelines using Python and Airflow to schedule queries, apply transformations, filters, preprocessing data, then pipelining data into the target database tables.
Environment: SQL, Tableau, Python, Visual Studio Code, XML, JSON, MS Office Suite - Excel, Domo, MongoDB, No SQL and GCP Big query.

Client: Wipro Ltd, May 2016 – July 2021
Role: Data Analyst
Responsibilities:
Worked in gathering cost optimization Business Requirements after interacting with the Manager and development team to build up a solution.
Analyzed sales data using Transact SQL Queries, Joins, Views, Stored Procedures, and Common Table Expressions for the data available in the SQL Server database.
Creating graphs by using data blending, filters, actions, Hierarchies feature in Tableau.
Developed Tableau data visualization using Cross tabs, Heat maps, Scatter Plots, Geographic Map and Bar Charts, Tree Maps, Pie Chart, dual axis charts and developing the attractive dashboards.
Configuring Microsoft SQL server and identified the dimension, fact tables, and designed the data warehouse using star schema.
Created and Configured Dimensions, Attributes, and Hierarchies using SQL Server Analysis Services (SSAS).
Converted reports into interactive dashboards in Tableau and Power BI that were presented to Business Users, Program Managers, and End Users.
Responsible for creating and changing the visualizations in Tableau, Power BI reports and Dashboards on client requests.
Created Calculated Columns and Measures in Power BI and Excel depending on the requirement using DAX queries.
Involved in creating database objects like tables, views, procedures, triggers, and functions using T-SQL to provide definition, structure and to maintain data efficiently.
Involved in modeling activities that included building star schema as per the business requirements.
Worked on building the SSIS packages to extract, to transform, and loading the data in database scheduled intervals and create Jobs in SQL Server Agent that would run regularly to Load data into the Database.

Environment/Tools: MS Excel, SQL Server 2014, T-SQL, SSIS, SSRS, Power BI Desktop, Tableau, MS Access, Snowflake.

Client: Accenture, India May2014 – March 2016
Role: Data Analyst
Responsibilities:
Wrote a complex SQL, PL/SQL, Procedures, Functions, and Packages to validate data and testing process.
Worked on Data Mining and data validation to ensure the accuracy of the data between the warehouse and source systems.
Developed SQL Joins, SQL queries, tuned SQL, views, test tables, scripts in development environment.
Publish daily, weekly, and monthly reports to different management levels.
Perform the data connection activities, visual analytics using Tableau.
Creating reports which use calculated fields, LODs, combined field, bins, sets, geo coding and hierarchies using Tableau Desktop.
Worked in generating and documenting Metadata while designing OLAP systems environment.
Involved in data mapping document from source to target and the data quality assessments for the source data.
Involved in development and implementation of SSIS, SSRS and SSAS application solutions for various business units across the organization.
Designed both 3NF data models for OLTP systems and dimensional data models using star and snowflake Schemas.
Designed and Developed Oracle, and Shell Scripts, Data Import/Export, Data Conversions and Data Cleansing.
Involved in Data profiling and performed Data Analysis based on the requirements, which helped in catching many Sourcing Issues upfront.
Wrote DDL and DML statements for creating, alter tables and converting characters into numeric values.
Developed and maintained data dictionary to create metadata reports for technical and business purpose.
Involved in Normalization / De-normalization, Normal Form and database design methodology.
Developed SQL queries, Ad Hoc for Extracting data from production databases to build data structures, reports.

Environment/Tools: SQL, PL/SQL, OLAP, OLTP, SSIS, SSRS,3NF, Tableau.
Contact this candidate