Vy Pham Thanh Hai
• Address: Ho Chi Minh City VietNam • Email: ad5wea@r.postjobfree.com • Phone: +84-56-340-****
• Linkedin: https://www.linkedin.com/in/haivy/
SUMMARY
I have 5 years experience as a Data Analyst with strong communication, solving-problems and interpersonal skills. I am seeking an opportunity to showcase my abilities in a growing company looking to effectively utilize their data to more adeptly provide statistical information to their client. I am focused, adaptable, and dependable while also being a flexible self-starter who works independently and responds quickly to the changing needs of the organization.
SKILLS:
● Data Analysis Tools: Proficient in SQL (MySQL, PostgreSQL), Python, R, Oracle, AWS Glue, Athena, Redshift
● Business Intelligence: Experienced in Tableau, Power BI, Apache Superset, SSAS
● Data Engineering: Capable in data transformation and ETL processes using tools like Airflow, Spark and Supabase
● Machine Learning: Familiar with using machine learning tools and techniques in Python and R for predictive modeling
● Visualization: Advanced skills in creating actionable dashboards using Tableau, Power BI.
● Process Improvement: Strong background in developing processes to analyze, interpret, and visualize complex data sets
WORK EXPERIENCE
Vietnam International Commercial Joint Stock Bank Ho Chi Minh, VietNam Business Intelligence Professional March 2022–Present
(2 year 3 months)
VIB Bank in Vietnam is a tech-forward financial institution offering innovative services to enhance customer experiences and operational efficiency for individuals and businesses.
- Utilized scripts and BI tools (Tableau, Power BI) for ETL processes, data acquisition, transformation, and generating periodic reports and dashboards for both internal and external stakeholders.
- Conducted ETL operations using tools like AWS Glue, Athena, Airflow, and Spark to prepare data from various sources for advanced analytics.
- Developed ad-hoc analyses to aid managers in comprehending debt collection performance through customer segmentation, risk ratios by products, and evaluation of debt collection strategies.
- Ensured data quality and robust data pipelines using SQL, Oracle, and PL/SQL for building selection Datamarts, scheduling jobs, and performance optimization, handling approximately 50 million daily transactional records.
- Collaborated closely with data warehouse, governance, and business teams to address data quality concerns and contribute to architectural decisions, effectively translating data into actionable insights.
- Led projects automating debt collection reports, significantly reducing monthly workload by 50 hours.
Nestle, Co.Ltd Ho Chi Minh, VietNam
Data Analysis & EBusiness Feb 2020–March 2022
(2 year 3 months)
Nestlé is a global leader in consumer goods, recognized for its diverse product range from baby food to coffee. It prioritizes nutrition, health, and sustainable practices in its operations.
- Contributed solutions within the Power Platform Team utilizing Microsoft's PowerApps, Power BI, Power Automate Flow, SharePoint, Microsoft Teams, custom development, and data integrations
- Collaborated with clients to analyze business requirements, assess systems flow, data utilization, and work processes.
- Developed Power BI dashboards integrating Sentiment Analysis to monitor campaign performance and track the growth of new customers.
- Authored an inclusive user guide catering to both technical and non-technical users, facilitating data download and interaction with data products.
- Leveraged SQL queries to optimize features, enhance user journeys, evaluate app performance, and assess marketing campaign effectiveness.
- Conducted research and developed predictive models for identifying churn users and potential in-app purchase users.
EDUCATION
I. Bachelor
University of Economics and Law Ho Chi Minh, Vietnam Bachelor of Management Information System -
Business Information System
- Graduated University Honors Scholar, Deloitte
ACCA Scholar
GPA:3.2/4
II. Data Analyst/Business Intelligence
Coursera Online
Data Wrangling, Analysis and AB Testing with SQL
Certified
(May 2023)
Coursera Online
SQL for Data Science
Certified
(Apr 2023)
Google Online
Advanced Google Analytics Certification Certified
(May 2021)
LANGUAGE
English – proficiently
Contact this candidate