ASCHALEW DIGAFE TENNA
DATA ANALYST/ POWER BI DEVELOPER
Takoma Park, MD (240) -398 -1314 ad63g4@r.postjobfree.com www.linkedin.com/in/aschalew-digafe

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY:

Experienced Data Analyst and Power BI Developer with 8+ years in Business Intelligence Technology, specializing in migrating Cognos reports to Power BI. Proficient in data modeling, SQL, data visualization, and DAX. Extensive experience with SQL Server and Oracle. Demonstrated ability to design and implement efficient data models, write complex SQL queries and DAX expressions, and develop interactive, user-friendly data visualizations and dashboards that effectively communicate insights and trends to stakeholders.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:

DATA ANALYST/ POWER BI DEVELOPER
Magellan Health Service. Scottsdale, Arizona, USA May 2022-Present
Responsibilities:
Assisted project teams in ensuring strategic alignment, project readiness, and sourcing best practices.
Developed and utilized standard templates, reference models, and tools for architectural information collection and presentation.
Facilitated and participated in collaborative workgroups, promoting effective teamwork and knowledge sharing.
Led matrixed solution architect resources, providing education and guidance across the enterprise.
Documented and published blueprints, design patterns, and other architectural artifacts.
Delivered presentations to stakeholders at all organizational levels, ensuring clear communication of architectural strategies.
Aligned individual activities with team members, agency IT and business plans, investment strategies, legislative expectations, and strategic goals.
Mapped data flows, ingress, and egress, ensuring comprehensive visualization of system architecture.
Utilized Power BI and Vizio to standardize and convert disparate reports into centralized dataflows.

BUSINESS INTELLIGENCE DEVELOPER/DATA ANALYST
Ethio telecom, Ethiopia AUG 2015-APR 2022
Reviewed and developed business rules to assist with metadata integration from on-premises and cloud databases to a single view of data assets.
Developed processes and business rules to add metadata to structured database data.
Created and refined system architecture diagrams, including associated databases and role-based access levels.
Implemented privacy and information classification in Microsoft Purview and Defender.
Visualized data flows using Power BI and Vizio, enhancing the understanding of system architecture.
Collaborated with stakeholders to define KPIs and business requirements, creating interactive dashboards and reports.
Conducted comprehensive data analysis to discern trends, patterns, and correlations across various data sets.
Produced detailed low-level designs and ETL documentation, ensuring data integrity and availability.
Implemented and optimized ETL pipelines using SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS).

SKILL
System Architecture & Data Flows: Visualization with Vizio and Power BI, Mapping data flows, Ingress/Egress, Connection type.
ETL Pipelines: Building and monitoring ETL processes using Visual Studio and Microsoft SQL Server.
Metadata Integration: Developing business rules for metadata integration from on-premises and cloud databases.
Privacy & Information Classification: Implementing in Microsoft Purview and Defender.
Data Analysis & Visualization: Power BI, Tableau, QlikView, Data Analysis Expressions (DAX), M Query Formula Language.
Microsoft Programs: Proficiency in Microsoft Excel, Word, Outlook, Power Apps,Share Point
Data Integration & Transformation: SSIS, SSRS, SSAS, SQL, Data Warehousing, Azure Data Factory.
Database Management: SQL Server (2014/2016/2017/2019), Transact-SQL (T-SQL), Azure SQL Data Warehouse.
Additional Tools: Python, Snowflake, Power Query, Power Automate.
Methodologies: Agile/SCRUM, Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC).
Soft Skills: Analytical Thinking, Communication, Detail-Oriented, Collaborative.

EDUCATION:

Bachelor of Arts degree in Economics :Arbaminch University
Bachelor of Science in Computer Science: Addis Ababa University
Diploma in Database and SQL: Alison

CERTIFICATIONS :
Microsoft Power BI Data Analyst Associate
Microsoft Certified Solution Associate Querying Microsoft SQL Server 2012/2014
Contact this candidate