SUNITHA KATUMALLA
https://www.linkedin.com/in/sunitha-katumalla-b3227811/
Email:ad6bxs@r.postjobfree.com Phone:813-***-****

Objective
Dedicated and results-oriented Data Analyst with 10 years of experience in utilizing IBM Cognos and Tableau/Power BI to extract, analyze, and visualize data. Proven track record of delivering actionable insights to drive business decisions. Seeking to contribute my analytical skills and expertise to a dynamic organization.
Summary
Over 8 years of experience in developing, designing and management of full end to end deployment of large-scale analytical reports, supporting strategic and business planning efforts for Citi Realty Services division and its business partners
15 years of combined experience in IT industry including 2 years in ERP applications and 10 years in Database management
7 years of experience in Cognos & Hyperion Report Studio, 2 years of Oracle Applications and Tableau and 9 years of Oracle PL/SQL Procedures, Functions, Packages and Database Triggers, Forms and Reports development
Experience in analyzing and validating data, updating records, storing documents, ensuring data security, assisting staff with data entry tasks, and submitting data for audits.
Good understanding of SDLC life cycle and involved in all the activities related to it.
Experience in production support, maintenance, enhancement and coding of several Oracle and UNIX based applications.
Strong Problem solving, Data Analytical skills and ability to work in a time-constrained and team-oriented environment.
Technical Profile
ERP
Oracle Applications 11.0.3/11i ( INV, OM, Advance Pricing)
Languages
SQL, PL/SQL, T-SQL, C, JAVA, J2EE, HTML and XML, XML Publisher, Java 2.0, Shell Scripting, PowerBuilder, C#, ASP.net, VB.net, OS Scripting
Data Tools
Cognos Framework Manger 10.2.1, 11.1.7, Report Studio, Query Studio and Event Studio, Bi, Tableau, Hyperion 11.1.2, Forms 10g/ 6i/6.0/4.5 & Reports 10g/6i/6.0, Crystal Reports XI, Workflow Builder, TOAD, SQL* Loader, Pro*C, Power
RDBMS
Oracle 10g, 11g. Oracle 10g RAC, MS SQL Server, MySQL
Web Technologies
ASP, JSP, JDBC and Servlets, HTML/DHTML
Web Servers
Web logic, Web sphere, Apache Tomcat
O/S
Windows, Unix, Linux
Professional Experience
Citi Group - TAMPA, FL Dec ’15 – Present
OPS Support Senior Analyst
Environment IBM Cognos Framework Manager 10.2.1, 11.1.7, Cognos Report Studio, Cognos Dashboards, Query Studio, Event Studio, Power BI 2.88, Tableau Desktop (2021.2.7), Hyperion Interactive Studio 11.1.2, Oracle 11g, 12c, 19, Oracle PL/SQL, Python, MS Office

Responsibilities
•Responsible for four main business functions: Technical Data Management, Report & Warehouse Design, Management Reporting and Supporting REALM front end application.
•Lead the design and development of complex Cognos reports and dashboards for executive-level stakeholders.
•Developed interactive dashboards and reports in Tableau to visualize key performance indicators (KPIs), trends, and patterns.
•Developed interactive dashboards and reports in Cognos/Tableau to visualize key performance indicators (KPIs), trends, and patterns.

•Collaborate with business analysts to gather requirements and translate them into technical specifications.
•Development of ad-hoc and regular reports using IBM Cognos to support senior level management, CRS regions, and business customers’ requests.
•Conducted data analysis to identify trends, anomalies, and opportunities for optimization.
•Optimize and maintain existing Cognos reports, ensuring data accuracy and system performance.
•Working with CRS business partners/stakeholders and participating in requirement gathering sessions to understand the business needs.
•Involved in updating DB SQL views which are helpful for Manhattan/MRI grids.
•Created Power BI reports and dashboards from multiple data sources using data blending.
•Conducted data analysis to identify trends, anomalies, and opportunities for optimization.
•Designed and executed complex SQL queries and data extraction processes using IBM Cognos Framework Manager and Tableau Prep to gather and clean data from various sources.

Citi Group - TAMPA, FL Jan ’12 – Aug’15
Application Systems Analyst
Environment Oracle 11g, SQL Developer v7.01, SQL*LOADER, Stored Procedures, TOAD 10.6.1, Data SQL Tuning, Unix, Analytic Server, Autosys Scheduling, Basic Abinitio, Business Objects, OPS Portal, OPS console.

Responsibilities
Supported the production and pre-production environments for the RRAI project for Citigroup at level 2 & level 3.
Interaction with the client/Business Analyst to understand the requirement.
Coordination with team for designing and developing the bug free application.
In a Windows/Linux/Oracle environment, coordinated the setup of workstations and database servers.
Developed a central regulatory reporting rules engine.
Involved in importing Flat file data into the staging tables using SQL*loader utility.
Involved in Data Extrapolation, Data Transformation, and Data Manipulation for data accuracy, integrity and consistency.
Analytic Server set up (installation and configurations).
Involved in front-end UI development/maintenance.
Assists with coding and debugging of programs, SQL, and PL/SQL.
Created and modify stored procedures, functions, packages and Triggers.
Created and modify Unix shell scripting
Involved in Issue analysis and resolution (especially data and code issues using Abinitio).
Experience of handling user queries and issue resolution.
Involved scheduling/issues Austosys jobs.

Supervisor of Elections-Orange County, Orlando, FL APR’ 10-Dec’ 11
Application Systems Analyst
Environment Oracle 11g, PL/SQL Developer v7.01, TOAD 10.6.1, Data SQL Tuning, Unix, Forms 10g/6i, Reports 10g/6i, Data Analysis, Crystal Reports XI.

Responsibilities
Identifying hardware needs and managing Voter Services and Election Coordinator applications (Forms, UNIX shells, SQL scripts, Operations Production Menu) and databases to continually improve performances, security and disaster preparedness.
Being cognizant of existing software releases and new products that would benefit SOE.
Installing upgrades to Oracle RDBMS and Oracle Tools.
Managing UNIX operating system when UNIX Administrator is not available.
Develop and maintain information systems using Oracle application technologies.
Design/Develop/Maintain new/existing Oracle Forms/Reports using Oracle Forms/Reports 6i/10g.
Create and modify PL/SQL tables, indexes, stored procedures, functions, sequences and database triggers.
PL/SQL performance tuning.
Manage Oracle RDBMS and Quest Replicating application.

GERDAU AMERISTEEL, TAMPA, FL May ’07 – Dec ‘08
Application Developer
Environment Oracle PL/SQL, Java, C#, SQL*LOADER, Oracle Forms 10g, Oracle Reports 10g, PL/SQL Developer v7.01, Serena Version Manager, Unix, WinSCP3/Putty, Data SQL Tuning, Data Analysis

Responsibilities
Data Migration and Conversion from Steel Tracking System to Order Entry application.
Involved in importing data into the staging tables using SQL*Loader utility.
Created packages, procedures, functions to validate and load the data from the staging tables to the OE application tables.
Involved in preparing Requirement Specification Documents
Coded triggers at various levels for cascading functionality, cross checking and for referential integrity.
Involved in Data Transformation and Integration for data accuracy, integrity and consistency.
Involved in creation as well as modification and customization of multiple forms and reports
Analyzed end user business requirements in detail and prepared functional specifications as a part of constructing new systems or for enhancive maintenance.
Participated actively in the technical and functional discussions

Department of Environmental Protection, Tallahassee, FL May ’06 – Jan ‘07
Application Developer
Environment Clipper Oracle PL/SQL, Java, TOAD, TOAD Data Modeler, Forms 9i, Reports 9i and SQL*LOADER, SQL Tuning, Microsoft SQL, Crystal Reports XI, Data Analysis

Responsibilities
Data Migration from Clipper Database to Oracle Database (OHMIT).
Involved in importing Flat file data into the staging tables using SQL*loader utility.
Involved in mapping of Source Database to Target Database (OHMIT).
Created packaged procedures to validate and load the data from the temporary tables to the Oracle Database tables.
Creating application schema as tables, view and indexes.
Involved in data modeling using Toad Data Modeler.
Involved in Data Extrapolation, Data Transformation, and Data Manipulation for data accuracy, integrity and consistency.
Involved in investigating problems and opportunities to determine the feasibility of automation of business processes.
Involved in customization of reports to meet business requirements. Created Incident Party Report, Responsible Party
Education
Bachelor’s degree in engineering from Osmania University, Telangana, India
Certifications
IZ0-007 Introduction to Oracle9i SQL
Sun Certified Java 2.0 Programmer
Sun Certified J2EE Web Component Developer
Contact this candidate