SARITA GUPTA
D A T A A N A L Y S T

880-***-****
ad6bj1@r.postjobfree.com
Pune, MH –India 411014

S U M M A R Y E X P E R I E N C E

Detail-oriented and results-driven Data Analyst with 3 years of experience & strong foundation in data analysis, programming, and statistical modeling. Skilled in Python and statistical techniques, delivering end-to-end solutions for informed business decisions. Effective communicator, adept at translating technical findings for diverse stakeholders, and committed to ongoing learning in the dynamic field of data analyst.

S K I L L S
Python
SQL
MS Excel
Power BI
HTML
Tableau
Strong Communication

E D U C A T I O N
MASTER OF COMPUTER APPLICATION
Savitribai Phule Pune University
2007 - 2010
62.75%
DATA ANALYST
ZS Associates. Pune June 2021 – Present

Project Name: - Superstore Sales Data Analysis & Prediction.

Description: - Led the analysis and visualization of the Fashion Superstore dataset using Python, SQL, Power BI and Tableau to drive actionable insights and optimize business performance.
Roles and Responsibilities:

Developing and implementing visual reports and dashboards using Power BI desktop.
Utilized advanced querying, visualization and analytics tools to analyze and process complex data sets.
Developed polished visualizations to share results of data analyses. Compiled, cleaned and manipulated data for proper handling.
Discovered stories told by data to present information to scientists and business managers.
Assessed accuracy and effectiveness of new and existing data sources and data analysis techniques.
Extracted data from various sources like csv, excel files, pdf, text data
and databases using SQL queries, and integrated them into a unified dataset for analysis.
Utilized pandas and NumPy in Python for exploratory data analysis, identifying trends, patterns, and correlations within the data.
Connecting data sources, importing data, and transforming data for Business intelligence.
Making Data sets ready for Model Building. Keeping all data updated in Excel Sheets.
Contact this candidate