Page * of *
Faye Sloan
Senior PowerBI Developer
Senior Business Analyst with a proven track record in diverse industries. Expert in business architecture, application systems design, data visualization, and business processes. Skilled in managing complex projects and delivering exceptional results, bridging the gap between business needs and technology solutions.
ad6j0f@r.postjobfree.com 092******** Pasig, Philippines linkedin.com/in/dannielle-sloan TECHNICAL SKILLS
Languages JavaScript, R, Python, HTML & CSS, SQL, D3, M Query DAX, JSON Databases Azure Databricks, SQL, Snowﬂake, Postgre, SAP, My SQL, Yardi, AWS, Dataverse Software /
Applications
Power BI, Power Apps, Power Automate, Tableau, Dynamic 365, Excel, Google Analytics, Google Big Query, Salesforce, GitHub, Figma
AREAS OF EXPERTISE
Database Testing API Testing Scrum Methodology Agile Methodology Data Analysis Change Management Process Improvement Manual Testing Defect Management Digital Transformation Risk Management Industry Knowledge Process Improvement Root Cause Analysis Team Management Client Relationship Management Problem Solving Usability Testing Data Structure Power BI Business Intelligence
WORK EXPERIENCE
Senior PowerBI Developer
Collabera Digital
01/2024 - Present, Metro Manila
Developed and automated business-focused reports using various tools, including PowerBI Assisted with production and troubleshooted common reporting and data processing problems. Imported data from multiple sources such as APIs, Excel, Flat Files, and Direct Database Connections, implementing token-based authentication where required.
Provided data implementation of security in PowerBI to limit data display based on user roles. Documented technical speciﬁcations for business processes and development needs. Created presentation-ready visuals, mock-ups, charts, graphs, and summary reports within tight deadlines. Managed project timelines eﬀectively and found solutions to business intelligence problems with minimal guidance. Developed and explained analytics needed for business decision-making. Tackled complex projects to successful completion and continuously learned new technologies. Collaborated with global teams and maintained strong interpersonal relationships Achievements/Tasks
Page 2 of 3
WORK EXPERIENCE
Lead Business Analyst (Outside IR 35)
Senotic
01/2020 - 10/2022, London
Developed performance dashboards in Power BI for Air Travel Logistics and Construction and Mining Vehicles in collaboration with Shell. Achieved a 20% increase in overall productivity and a signiﬁcant reduction in CO2 emissions and Idling Fuel Consumption month-on- month
Led AECOM's Australia and New Zealand Analytics Team, managing client requirements, product wireframing, and leading the scrum team. Tracked team performance in Jira and developed user stories with acceptance criteria, estimating user stories using story points.
Managed scrum teams and delivered numerous Power BI and PowerApp reports, tracking key milestones, project roadmaps, IT security, and project management. Transformed SQL data into interactive dashboards Devised strategies to streamline Power Platform solutions, focusing on data governance, optimization, standardization, guidelines, and client adoption framework for AECOM.
Created and optimized complex SQL queries to extract data from databases. Provided training to stakeholders on data structures, data visualization strategies, and delivering high-quality deliverables Incubated Power BI within GlaxoSmithKline, training 8 key members from sales, marketing, and ﬁnance teams. Conducted workshops on data modelling, Power Query, DAX calculations, and data visualization strategies. Senior Power BI Developer
Realtair Inc
03/2018 - 11/2021, Australia
Communicated with shareholders on team goals achievements and progress as well as client service and product feedback. Managed daily stand-ups with external stakeholders to understand and investigate feedback into the service provided. Developed Power BI real estate assets management reports from SQL database and Excel. Presenting capital and maintenance estimates, sales performance of our sales department to C-suite managers and stakeholders as well as providing market trend analysis
Creating process maps to illustrate and highlight process ﬂows between systems, individuals and cross-functional stakeholders Managed Freshdesk application to monitor the performance of employees, client engagement, sales targets as well as creating reports and dashboards and tracking KPI’s of overall company performance month-on-month. Business Analyst & Power BI Developer
Cordis, Hong Kong
08/2017 - 03/2018, Hong Kong
Assisted the F&B Director in preparing and sending out daily and weekly reports for the restaurant Prepared and developed a Power BI environment to tailor their needs and to help drive actionable decisions eﬀectively. Improved response capabilities by 15% by creating live dashboards reporting and management information requests. Created requirements documentation and presentations. Delivered exceptional service by accurately analysing business performance, evaluating potential issues/hurdles, and recommending actionable solutions to executive management.
EDUCATION
Bsc (Hons) Hopitality Management
Enderun Collegs
05/2013 - 06/2017,
INTERESTS
Reading Singing Attendings concerts
Achievements/Tasks
Achievements/Tasks
Achievements/Tasks
Page 3 of 3
CERTIFICATES
Power Platform Functional Consultant Associate (07/2020 - Present) Microsoft EDX (Certiﬁcation)
Analyzing and Visualizing Data with Microsoft Power BI (03/2020 - Present) Microsoft EDX (Certiﬁcation)
Power Platform Developer (11/2020 - Present)
Microsoft EDX (Certiﬁcation)
Google Analytics Advanced (05/2022 - Present)
Google Academy Certiﬁcation
REFERENCES
Kevin Allen - Chief Executive Oﬃce
Contact : ad6j0f@r.postjobfree.com
Contact this candidate