Manaswini Nandigama
Denton, TX ad6jvo@r.postjobfree.com 940-***-**** https://www.linkedin.com/in/manaswini-nandigama/
Skills
Programming: Python, SQL, HTML, CSS
Analysis tools: Tableau, Power BI, Microsoft Excel (Pivot Table, VLOOKUP, Finance Functions, VBA), Data Modeling (E-R, Dimensional), PowerPoint, Microsoft Word, MS office, Outlook, spreadsheets, Google Sheets
Packages: Pandas, NumPy, Seaborn
Databases: MySQL, Microsoft SQL Server, PostgreSQL, Oracle, MongoDB, Access, NoSQL.
Data Visualizations: Matplotlib, Tableau, AWS Quick sight
Professional Experience
AmerisourceBergen, Data Analyst Jan 2023 – Till date
Leveraged SQL programming language on relational databases to enhance profitability by 10% through a/b testing.
Generated data visualizations using tableau by working with 4 interns which lead to 15% increase in purchase of products.
Crafted 25 dashboards utilizing Microsoft Power BI and reporting tools to address complex business challenges.
Conducted ad-hoc analyses to answer questions, resulting in data-driven recommendations that improved business performance.
Recreated and developed new KPI’s to streamline complex processes and understand data solutions.
Assisted in the development of data reports and dashboards using T-SQL and SSRS.
Utilized Google Analytics to monitor website traffic, user engagement, and conversion rates.
Apvision Technologies, Data Analyst Apr 2020 - Jun 2022
Formatted data pipelines using coding languages like python, enhancing data analytical models efficiency by 65%.
Executed SQL queries for performance tuning, improving query response time by 20%.
Performed statistical analyses to understand business strategy and algorithms, boosting revenue by 10%.
Incorporated data visualization software like Tableau and Power BI dashboards for qualitative analysis, increasing team productivity by 25%.
Utilized T-SQL to query and analyze large datasets, ensuring data accuracy and integrity.
Customized API dashboards with attention to detail for interpretation of data and problem solving to meet business requirements.
Communicated data findings to team members and stakeholders in a clear and concise manner. Employed ETL tools to convert quantitative data from excel files.
Education
University of North Texas (Masters in Information Systems) Dec 2023, GPA: 3.8
Coursework: Data Visualization, Enterprise Data Warehousing, Foundations of Database Systems, Python
Jawaharlal Nehru Technology Institute (Bachelor of Technology) Nov 2020

Academic Project Experience
Hotel Booking Data Analysis Dec 2023
Dataset was analyzed using R 4.2.0 statistical analysis software to increase accuracy of the results for regression analysis and ANOVA.
The study was conducted using a sample of 119,390 observations taken from hotel records from the period July 2015 to August 2017.
For better description of the data, contingency and a corresponding pie chart were considered to visualize the categorical variables obtaining counts and percentages of every categorical variable.
Multiple Linear regression models were employed for determining the high significance level of the results obtained.
Exploring Patterns and Insights in Clinical Trial Data May 2023
Utilized the offered API, extract, arrange, store pertinent data and collected 25000 clinical trials from
ClinicalTrials.gov.
In the database management system, MySQL was applied in creating the appropriate table, ensuring data integrity, and to improve query performance.
Graph, chart, and map visualizations are designed and implemented using Matplotlib, Seaborn, and Plotly python tools.
ERD diagram is developed to represent up to 10 entities in the clinical trial data management system.
Predict the outbreak of covid-19 Oct 2022
Imported COVID-19 related data of more than 85000 records from Our World in Data.
AI was essential in monitoring the virus's transmission, identifying high-risk patients, and immediately managing the epidemic.
Machine learning is utilized to develop a model to categorize patients based on their clinical results and eliminate up to 1500 duplicate records.
To check the correlation between the dependent and independent variables, a heat map was created.
Contact this candidate