POOJA JATOTH
ad6jjj@r.postjobfree.com www.linkedin.com/in/poojajatoth
EDUCATION
SACRED HEART UNIVERSITY, STATE OF CONNECTICUT Dec.2023 Master of Science, Business Analytics
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Data Analyst –Mizuho Jan.2024 – Present
Developed 50+ comprehensive Power BI reports and dashboards for various business units, ensuring actionable insights and data-driven decision-making.
Implemented optimization techniques, enabling a 30% improvement in report performance through efficient DAX formulas, data reduction strategies, and leveraging aggregations.
Improved data model efficiency by optimizing relationships and using appropriate summarization techniques, reducing data load times by 25%.
Connected multiple data sources (Oracle, SQL Server, Snowflake) to Power BI using Import mode and established datasets, facilitating the development of over 30 reports.
Utilized the Selection Pane, Bookmarks, and Edit Interactions to create 20+ interactive reports, enhancing user experience and data exploration for 50+ users.
Enabled Sync Slicers across multiple report pages, ensuring consistent filtering and data context, resulting in a 30% improvement in report usability and coherence. Data Analyst – Integrated Institution of Education Technology, India Mar.2020 – Jun.2022
Generated 50+ interactive dashboards and reports using Tableau, Power BI, and MS Excel to effectively communicate insights and trends from complex datasets.
Supported risk and vulnerability assessments, identifying 20+ security risks.
Conducted data analysis and statistical modeling in MS Excel, R Studio, and Orange, uncovering patterns and trends in large datasets (10GB+).
Developed and managed SQL objects (views, tables, stored procedures, UDFs) to retrieve data from multiple databases, enhancing data retrieval processes.
Wrote 100+ complex SQL queries using various SQL functions and operations to extract critical data for analysis.
Built entity relationship models using ERWIN data model tool, exploring and defining 30+ relationships among different data entities
Analyst Intern – Capgemini, India Sep.2019– Feb. 2020
Created 30+ dashboards and reports in Power BI by connecting to various on-premises and cloud resources.
Implemented 50+ measures and calculated columns using DAX to meet business use cases.
Conducted exploratory data analysis on datasets up to 10TB to identify trends and insights.
Assisted in the creation of 25+ reports and dashboards to communicate data insights to stakeholders.
Presented data summaries and visualizations to stakeholders, leading to a 20% improvement in decision- making and goal alignment.
Configured and managed data source connections to SQL Server, Azure SQL Database, SharePoint, and other data sources, ensuring seamless data integration and real-time data updates. SKILLS AND TOOLS
Languages: SQL, C, Python, VBA Excel, R Programming.
Analytical Tools: Tableau, MS Excel, Orange, MS Access, Oracle cloud, R Studio, Microsoft Office, AWS, Talend, Lucid Chart, Power BI, Erwin.
Databases: SQL Server, MY SQL, Oracle
Contact this candidate