Miki Repsold
509-***-**** • ad6qqo@r.postjobfree.com • San Diego, CA
https://www.linkedin.com/in/mikias-repsold-9724a511b/

RELEVANT SKILLS

Power BI
SQL
Excel
Azure Fundamental Certified

Power Automate
Power Apps
SharePoint
Presentation to C-Suite

Azure Data Factory
Power BI Trainer
Microsoft Office Suite
Tableau

EXPERIENCE
June 2021 - Present
Data Analyst Booz Allen Hamilton, Washington, DC Feb 2023 – June 2024
Managed a Power BI/Tableau Reports pipeline, overseeing 10+ reports and 11 datasets.
Utilized Power Apps and Power Automate to provide actionable insights for the Naval Information Warfare Systems Command (NAVWAR).
Collaborated closely with CHENG and Navy commanders to develop scalable integration solutions using the RMF/SCA package process tool.
Served as the Cybersecurity Technical Authority, addressing daily challenges through Row Level Security and creating data visualizations in Power BI.
Led and executed a Row Level Security project, eliminating manual mailbox email communication. This initiative resulted in a 2,500% report usage increase, with over 520 NQV users, including Deloitte and Navy Civilians decision makers.
Providence, Bellevue, WA June 2021 - Present
Data Analyst
Ran a Power BI App and data pipeline consisting of 22+ reports, 13 datasets, and a Power App to provide insights regarding Providence St Joseph healthcare big data for communication and planning purposes.
Delivering highly scalable integration solutions with cloud-based platform including Excel and working closely with Azure DevOps team to assist on building intake processes.
Solved daily problems through SQL analysis of various datasets to answer business driven questions by building data visualization via Power BI and Scripting

Recycle Tech, Spokane, WA April 2021 – July 2021
It Help Desk Intern
Fill in for in-house IT services as needed, installing desktop operation systems for developers, customer and for quality assurance team
Diagnosed and resolve multitude range of software, hardware and connectivity issues while gaining technical training on operating system.
Repaired all aspects of hardware such as the motherboard, RAM, HDD and more

Kelley Connect, Bellevue, WA February 2019 - March 2020
Software Sales
Managed with a strong backbone all phases of the sales cycle, including proactive calls to customers, negotiating, quoting forecasting, order submissions, tracking and post-sales support
Exceeded monthly expectations and added new potential clients by suggesting improvements to the sales process in my territory
Generated over $200,000 in contract revenue that I achieved by getting sign offs on 20 self-drafted proposals

EDUCATION

Year Up, Seattle Central College, Seattle, WA March 2021 – Present
Year Up is an intensive, competitive technical training and career development program with 250 corporate partners, graduating 1,500 students annually across ten cities. The program includes college-level courses, professional training, and a six-month internship.

Coursework in IT Helpdesk, with specialized training in Computer Network Support, including Career Exploration, Data Analysis, Business Communications, Intro to Hardware, and Intro to Operating Systems

Northwest University, Kirkland, WA August 2015 – May -2019
Bachelor of Science, Marketing
Certifications – Azure 900 Power Platform Booz Allen AI Awareness MS Excel Specialist
Contact this candidate