MITHILA DAS

CONTACT
973-***-****
phone
ad6sah@r.postjobfree.com
email
Tampa, FL 33647
address
US Citizen
Work Permit

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
Proven ability to analyze complex data sets and synthesize information into actionable insights for stakeholders. Adept at working with cross-functional teams to provide business solutions and improve decision-making. Hardworking, highly motivated professional eager to lend combined knowledge and skills to enhance business performance. Operates well in both individual and team capacities, leveraging seasoned work ethic to quickly adapt to different processes and drive company objectives. Resourceful and results-driven with a passion for growth and efficiency to meet company needs and increase service value.
.

EDUCATION

January 2010
Master of Business Administration in Human Resources Management
Stamford University of Bangladesh

January 2008
Bachelor of Business Administration in Finance
Stamford University of Bangladesh

EXPERIENCE
May 2021 – May 2024
Data Reporting Sr. Analyst
Citi Bank, Tampa
Drives communication between business leaders and IT exhibits sound and comprehensive communication and diplomacy skills to exchange complex information.
Mines and analyzes data from various banking platforms to drive optimization and improve data quality.
Conducts strategic data analysis, identifies insights and implications, and makes strategic recommendations, develops data displays that clearly communicate complex analysis.
Oversees the Scrum process and coaches the team, facilitates transparency, inspection, and adaptation.
Helps the team focus on creating high-value increments that meet the Definition of Done
Training end users on new reports and dashboard with the ability to translate data into non-technical.
Develops and analyzes additional ad-hoc reports as needed by Management and or Regulatory Agencies.
Manage and collaborate with users at various levels within Business to take them through the UAT testing process and successfully obtain sign off during the UAT phase.
Tools Environment: SQL Server, MS Excel, Power Query, Tableau, Power BI, Workday, Jira, Agile
February 2021 - April 2021
Data Analyst
Whitney Logistic, Riverview
This project mainly deals with analyzing sales, revenue, project coordination, project proposals and generating multiple reports like Sales report, Revenue report, Project Coordinator report, Pending sales report etc.
These reports are used by a higher management team for better planning, resource management and profit analysis.
Analyze recruiting, attrition, and transfer trends and highlight shifts to management.
Developed several complex scripts using SQL.
Performed Power BI Desktop Data modeling, which cleans, transforms, mash up Data from multiple sources.
Created interactive reports customized for the business using Power BI Desktop
Tools- MS SQL Server 2016/2017/2019, MS SQL Server Analysis Services, Power BI(Pro), Power Query.
March 2018 - October 2020
Data Analyst
Telecom Technologies services, Parsippany
Created Views in the database with various transformations using MS SQL Server to be used as dimensions in the cubes to obtain desired results.
Worked on the development and maintenance of multiple processes for the data warehouse.
Implemented acquisition processes to fetch the data from the desperate sources.
Analyzed data trends and created visualizations for management review.
Used Power BI, Power Pivot to develop data analysis prototype, and used Power View and Power Map to visualize reports.
Strong experience in creating advanced chart types, visualizations, and complex calculations to manipulate the data as per business need through Power BI and tableau.
Integrated custom visuals based on business requirements using Power BI and tableau Desktop.
Heavily used DAX table functions including FILTER, ALL, VALUES, DISTINCT, CALCULATE FUNCTION, CALCULATE TABLE AND RELATEDTABLE
Tool Environment: Power BI Desktop, Power BI Service, Data Gateway, MS SQL Server, DAX, Oracle, MS Excel, Power Query, Windows 10, DAX Studio, M Query.

March 2011 - January 2015
Data Analyst
SM group and company, Bangladesh
Analyzed data trends and created visualizations for management review.
Designed and implemented indexing to optimize transactional and reporting performance.
Establish KPIs to measure the effectiveness of business decisions.
Create presentations and reports based on recommendations and findings.
Tools Environment: MS Excel 2003-2007, Power Query, Power point, Ms word.

SKILLS CERTIFICATION:
Data Analysis Certified Scrum Master
Data Modeling
Jira
Agile
Report Preparation
Data Visualization
Tableau Software
Power Bi
SQL
MS Excel
Python (Pandas,Numpy)
Contact this candidate