Kevin Rigdon
**** ********* **** • Ely, Iowa • **227 • ad6vzp@r.postjobfree.com
I am a business owner with a strong background in Data Analysis, Business Intelligence, Business & Financial Operations, Hardware/Network/Data Infrastructure, Software Development, Human Resources, Call Center, Telephony, Project Management and Vendor Accountability. I have 38 years’ experience as a hands-on technical leader, designing, building, identifying problems, finding solutions, aligning priorities, driving initiative, and managing change. I want to bring these experiences to a winning team. SQL, Power BI, Microsoft Server, VMware, QuickBooks, Office 365, Data Center, Project Manager Achievements & Experience
SmartLead (June 2019 – present) Cedar Rapids, IA
Director IT, BI Analyst, Owner & President
● In 2019, I partnered with two incumbent executives to acquire the assets of the business approaching insolvency.
● I aggressively restructured the business operations, built financial and human resource systems, started an initiative to reorganize and modernize the IT infrastructure, set aggressive goals, established a comprehensive suite of performances metrics, and hired a Director of Business Development to reignite our sales pipeline.
● Our product is SmartLead, a Lead Management software and services platform. I manage IT Operations, Finance Operations, Human Resource, Call Center, Customer Service, Telephony Systems, Warehouse and Fulfillment.
● I am responsible for the P&L, banking, accounts payables & receivables, collections, payroll, taxes, budgets and forecasting, contracts, facilities, employment policies, employee relations and performance, hiring & termination, vendor management, financial close and leading the monthly financial / operations reviews with our shareholders.
● I evaluated and implemented Power BI to replace internal and client facing embedded reports and dashboards.
● I learned the Power BI and SSRS Report Builder tool by building or re-engineering several dozen complex reports and dashboards using data from SQL Server, Excel, Web sources and XML documents.
● As project manager, architect, and network engineer, I led the effort to manage our network / server infrastructure.
● We moved our production server infrastructure from our end-of-life hardware that was collocated in a very costly data center to virtual servers running on a less costly local hosted managed service solution provider platform.
● No new sales and we lost our largest client in 2023 so we are winding up business operations 2Q’2024. Frontier Communications (April 2018 – August 2019) Cedar Rapids, IA Senior Software Development Lead
● Supported telecommunications billing and order management system software.
● Supervised and directed the activities of 6 software developers based in Wellington New Zealand. Ready / enTouch Wireless (February 2015 – February 2018) Hiawatha, IA Director of Data and Systems Management
● Charged with building and leading a cross functional team to focus on implementing systems and processes to improve data integrity, reliability, accountability, and scalability as the company prepared for growth.
● Work with IT and business stakeholders to guide and inform the design of the new data warehouse capability. We integrated replicated data from our billing platform and other critical order management and compliance systems.
● Created hundreds of reports in MySQL to root out data and process integrity issues. Many were integrated into the production reporting platform to provide operational process monitors, metrics and assurance.
● Replaced high risk and high impact spreadsheet based manual processes and report with SQL based automation. The elimination of these manual processes dramatically improved our quality, timeliness, and reliability. AdTrack / SmartLead (June 2009 – February 2015) Cedar Rapids, IA Chief Operations Officer, Vice President IT, Call Center, Director of Human Resources & Finance
● Responsible for IT application development staff, building new products, providing product & application support.
● In charge of IT staff managing network, servers, storage, telecom, data center, desktops & desktop applications.
● We implemented rigorous change management policies, completed network, server hardware, server O/S, and storage upgrades and server virtualization. We moved production servers, storage, and network into a Tier 3 data center, stabilizing our platform and improving uptime from below 99% to better than 99.99%.
● We rolled out Agile development and accelerated our SmartLead v4 product development efforts.
● SmartLead systems are powered by Microsoft Server, SQL Server, VMware, .NET, Salesforce, DELL & Cisco.
● We created Call Center service level objectives and gross margin targets to measure and manage against.
● Led Finance and Human Resources with a part-time Controller, HR contractors and a Staff Accountant.
● I built many customer facing and internal management reports in MS SQL Server using SSRS and Visual Studio. Yellow Book USA / McLeodUSA (January 2001 – June 2009) Cedar Rapids, IA Senior Project Manager / Self Employed IT Consultant
● Provided Business Analysis, Systems Analysis & Project Management for various infrastructure and business integration projects and programs, after the Yellow Book USA acquisition of McLeodUSA Publishing.
● Reporting to a C-level steering committee, I led a cross functional team of 40 to design and implement a 3-year project to re-engineer and consolidate the data vendors from hundreds of vendors to one, driving out data procurement / personnel costs to create the foundation to pivot the strategy from publishing to online marketing.
● Project manager, designer and principal developer that redesigned the listings management system / database. McLeodUSA (January 1996 – January 2001) Cedar Rapids, IA Director Application Development / Manager Application Development
● Managed up to 50 IT professionals supporting Billing, Receivables, Order Entry and F&E systems on an AS/400.
● Added product capabilities to grow the business, ensuring systems kept pace with rapid transaction growth.
● Principal designer on the system and database architecture team that redesigned the billing, invoicing, and order management platform on DB/400. This billing and invoicing system was still used by Windstream until 2015.
● Guided team through many system & process changes, mergers, acquisitions and organizational integrations. MCI (October 1992 – January 1996) Cedar Rapids, IA Manager LAN / PC Systems
● Managed the transition of 600+ software mainframe developers and IT support personnel toward client/server.
● Led these users from an IBM MVS COBOL DB2 mainframe-based communication and software development infrastructure towards a Lotus Notes/Office Suite, MicroFocus COBOL, OS/2, DB2/2 platform.
● Built a Help Desk and a team of 15 Network, Server/Desktop engineers and DBAs to support this new initiative. Clear Communications / MCI (January 1991 – October 1992) Auckland, New Zealand Manager of Application Development / DBA
● Part of a group of MCI consultants chosen to install and configure Customer Service, Order Entry, F&E, Billing and Receivables systems for a startup telecommunications company in New Zealand.
● Trained software engineers, DBAs, business users and the leadership team on the capabilities of the system.
● Helped the Product Development team understand the capabilities of the systems and adapt the software to their local customs, their unique regulatory environment and a very competitive marketplace.
● We provisioned our first customers and sent our first invoices within four months of installing the software. MCI / Telecom*USA / Teleconnect (April 1986 – January 1991) Cedar Rapids, IA Manager of Application Development / DBA / Programmer
● Directed 10-25 programmers, analysts and DBAs supporting and improving Billing and Receivables systems.
● Designer and lead developer/DBA on the architecture team that redesigned and migrated the telecom billing, invoicing, receivables, and order management platform, from the IBM System/38 to the IBM MVS/DB2 platform. Education
University of Iowa (1981-1985), Computer Science, 3.5 GPA
Contact this candidate