QULINA RAI
Lockport, NY
Direct Contact: 248-***-****) Email: ad9ctm@r.postjobfree.com
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
Data-driven Business Analyst and BI Developer with 8+ years of experience, successfully collaborated across diverse teams for specification gathering, code development, regulatory compliance, auditing, and reporting. Experienced in ETL processes, integrating data models and flows, report creation, and implementing robust Row-level security measures. Proficient in utilizing SQL Server and Oracle databases, incorporating Power BI, Python, and Microsoft power platform for data analysis and visualization. Expert in Agile methodologies, SSIS, SSMS, and excels in cross-functional communication and project coordination. TECHNICAL ABILITIES
• Data Visualization and manipulation: R-studio, Python, SAS, GIS
• Statistical Analysis: Hypothesis testing, Regression analysis
• Tools and Platforms: Excel Macros, Power BI, Power Automate, Azure, Jira, Microsoft Office Suite, Microsoft Forms, Business Modelling and Process mapping (VISIO).
• Database Management: Microsoft SQL Server suite, MySQL, Oracle Database
• Communication: Data storytelling, Data Visualization, Reporting, Academic writing. PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Zenith Services Inc, NJ- Business analyst/ Bi Developer June 2022 - Present
Successfully facilitated collaboration among diverse teams for specification gathering, code development, data validation, user acceptance reviews, and report distribution.
Utilized API development expertise to streamline data integration and enhance application functionality across e-commerce and CRM platforms, ensuring efficient operations and improved decision-making.
Integrated ETL processes into operational systems using Azure Data Factory and made adjustments to data models and flows, reducing data processing time by 20% and improving overall efficiency.
Used SQL and Oracle databases on Azure to extract data for Power BI, creating reports, dashboards, and KPI scorecards. Integrated SQL Server data into Power Automate for streamlined processing and reporting.
Developed interactive dashboards for retail banking client's customer segmentation project, utilizing SQL and Oracle databases, Power BI for data transformation, modeling, visualization, and strategic marketing insights.
Worked closely with legal, risk, and compliance teams to ensure alignment with consent order directives and regulatory expectations.
Developed Power BI dashboards for a logistics company to track vehicle movement, optimize loads, and enhance route efficiency, integrating IoT data, and automating reports with Power Automate.
Created project dashboards tracking the statuses of concurrent projects, ensuring accountability for each phase.
Implemented robust row-level security measures, resulting in a 20% reduction in unauthorized access to sensitive data.
Utilized Microsoft Forms to develop and distribute a customer satisfaction survey, customized with branding and diverse question types, enabling comprehensive feedback collection and strategic decision- making.
Enhanced user satisfaction by delivering reports with streamlined data transformations and minimized load times.
Tools and Platforms Used: Power BI, Microsoft forms, Power Automate, Jira, Microsoft Dynamics 365, Microsoft SQL Server, and Oracle Database.
Synchrony, CT – Business Analyst May 2021– May 2022
Led the team on consumer marketing (Retail) and enhanced financial forecasting accuracy through cross- functional collaboration adhering to agile methodologies.
Developed and maintained financial models to support forecasting, budgeting, and decision-making processes using Power BI and analyzed financial data to identify trends, patterns, and areas for optimization.
Assisted development of budgets and financial forecasts, monitored actual financial performance against budgets/ forecasts, provided variance analysis, conducted profitability analysis and cost-benefit analysis.
Streamlined operations by pinpointing workflow bottlenecks, implementing automated solutions with Power Automate, and boosting efficiency through Process Mapping VISIO.
Collaborated with procurement and finance teams to manage vendor relationships. Evaluated vendor contracts and agreements for financial implications.
Led vendor management project, enhancing efficiency by creating a customized Power App centralizing vendor data, contracts, and performance metrics.
Improved financial forecasting accuracy with a user-friendly tool for data collection and analysis, integrating Power App with Power BI for real-time visualization.
Defined APIs to fetch customer data, update financial forecasts, and synchronize information across platforms.
Conducted thorough testing to verify API functionalities and compatibility with existing systems, followed by creating detailed internal documentation and supporting integration post-deployment. Tools and Platforms Used: Microsoft Dynamics 365, Microsoft Power platform, Process Mapping VISIO, Microsoft SQL Server, and Jira.
The University of Texas Rio Grande Valley, TX – Research Associate Jan 2019 – May 2021
Managed projects funded by the USDA NRCS Grants program for advancing local food systems in South Texas.
Oversaw project initiatives, gathered research data and user data requirements, and coordinated meetings with farmers, producers, and stakeholders, and adhered to project timelines.
Demonstrated effective collaboration with cross-functional teams, translating technical details for non- technical stakeholders, and facilitating clear communication among various stakeholders.
Using smart agriculture, conducted data collection, and performed data analysis using Python and R-studio for USDA grant projects with the University.
Coordinated and engaged in workshops focused on exploring soil health and advancing local food systems. Tools Used- Python, R-Studio, Arc GIS, Excel Macros, Microsoft Teams. M.R. Morarka-GDC R.R. Foundation, India – Project Coordinator Nov 2013- July 2018
Project lead for South district’s Sikkim Organic Mission, administered, and executed programs in partnership with the Agriculture Dept, Government of Sikkim, India.
Gathered business requirements for SDLC process, and designed data maps and data models. Created functional design documents and transaction definition documents.
Adhered to the agile methodology by participating in sprint meetings, managing tasks with Scrum, and following company’s best practices and standard methodologies.
Collaborated with business teams to formulate PDD (Process Definition Document) and produced distinct SDD (Solution Design Documents).
Ensured smooth execution of various projects by coordinating external inputs and monitoring project timelines using agile methodologies.
Coordinated the intricacies of internal quality systems, playing a pivotal role in informed decisions concerning organic certifications.
Conducted comprehensive data collection, data storytelling, and data analysis and reporting, thereby enriching the foundation's understanding of the organic farming landscape.
Experienced in AMS and CRM-related management software with proficiency in FONTEVA integration and Nimble.
Tools used: GIS, Excel Macros, Microsoft Office Suite, FONTEVA. E-Network Base, India - Business Analyst Nov 2009- Oct 2013
Facilitated ERP Implementation for Manufacturing client to digitally transform operations for streamlining business processes.
Conducted comprehensive business process analysis to identify inefficiencies and areas for improvement in manufacturing operations.
Gathered and documented functional and technical requirements for ERP system implementation, ensuring alignment with company objectives, working closely with stakeholders.
Evaluated and selected ERP vendor, customized system configurations, and oversaw data migration process.
Developed and delivered end-user training sessions to facilitate smooth adoption of ERP system.
Implemented change management strategies to address resistance and ensure successful ERP implementation.
Utilized Microsoft Office Suite, including Pivot tables and Excel Macros, for data analysis and reporting. Employed MySQL for database management and business modeling to support decision-making processes. Tools used: Microsoft Office Suite, Pivot tables, Excel Macros, MySQL. Education
MS Information Technology (University of the Cumberlands- Williamsburg, KY) MS Sustainability Studies (University of Texas RGV-Edinburg, TX) BS Microbiology (Bangalore University - India)
Contact this candidate