CHARUL
Longueuil, QC adb7zm@r.postjobfree.com
Mobile no: 514-***-****
SUMMARY
● A result driven professional with 2 years of experience in Recruitment Analytics with rich experience in computing KPI’s Time to Hire and Quality of Hire
● A Fast learner expecting graduate from a Business Intelligence program in June 2020 from Montreal college of Information Technology.I have been learning & accumulating the skills required for SSIS,SSMS,SSAS,SSRS in a competitive environment.
● Competent to handle Data Warehousing projects from data modelling, Extraction, Transformation and Loading (ETL) Process.
● Well versed in Data warehouse architecture and ETL/ELT Process.
● Worked on different types of Data Loading (Direct, CDC, SCD type-1 and SCD Type-2 etc.)
EDUCATION
Business Intelligence & Visualization June,2020
MCIT,Montreal,Canada
Master’s in Business Administration (Human Resource)July,2013 Graphic Era Hill University,Dehradun,India
Bachelor of Computer Application July,2011
DBIT,Dehradun,India
KEY SKILLS
• ETL Tool : SSIS / Informatica Power Center
• Data Mining Tool: SSAS
• Reporting Tool : SSRS,Power BI
• Project management tools : Jira
• Database : SQL Server 2012, oracle
• Language : PL/SQL, Python (Beginner)
• Methodologies : Agile / Scrum
• SSMS,DQS
CHARUL
Longueuil, QC adb7zm@r.postjobfree.com
Mobile no: 514-***-****
PROJECTS
1) Mid sem project : Sales Data warehouse
Created sales Data warehouse from scratch, Identifying facts and dimensions. Created the model which could answer the business questions and help analyzing the profits/ sales for each zone and also could help business to take better decisions on mobilizing the resources and efforts where needed. In total 2 facts and 5 dimensions were created, out of which 2 dim were SCD type 2. All implementation was done using SSIS and SQL Queries 2) Final Project : STM PROJECT (Currently working) This project is an end to end BI project using the Microsoft Stack (SSIS, SSAS, SSRS) as Foundation and public transportation data(STM) as a source system. PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Teleperformance Canada Montreal,Canada Dec, 2018- May 2019 Customer service representative
Responsibilities
● Responding promptly to customer inquiries
● Acknowledging and resolving customer complaints
● Processing orders and request
● Communicating and coordinating with colleagues as necessary
Corporate Hierarchy Solutions Gurgaon,India April 2016 to July 2016 Recruitment Analyst
Responsibilities
● Focused on how to improve the recruitment process
● Worked on generating KPIs like Time to Hire and Quality of hire.
● Monitoring the recruitment team performance and creating weekly performance reports.
● Worked on a POC to put predictive analytics in recruitment process. CHARUL
Longueuil, QC adb7zm@r.postjobfree.com
Mobile no: 514-***-****
Zenuine Services Dehradun,India Dec 2013 to Oct 2015 Recruitment Analyst
Responsibilities
● Managing the Recruitment process from screening to selection
● Posting requirements on job portals (such as Monster and Naukri) and sourcing the best candidates for suitable positions.
● Creating reports weekly/monthly for each zone, data fetched from SQL server.
● Computing the performance indicator time taken in the selection process.
● Worked on defining strategies to reduce time in the selection process.
● Created process from manual screening of resume to automated screening.
● Arranging & conducting Interviews/Initial screening the candidates/ helping in recruitment processes.
● Negotiating with candidates regarding salary and other issues
● Collect post interview FeedBack from candidate and Organizations.
● Weekly presentation to management highlighting key findings SOFT SKILLS
● Customer Service
● Talent Acquisition
● Computer
● MS Office
ACCOMPLISHMENTS
Project Title : Recruitment & selection Process
● Organization : Future Group Big Bazaar (Dehradun)
● Designation : Trainee
● Period : 45 days
Key Learnings
● Recruitment & Selection
● Managing various activities which are beneficial to motivate the employee
● Handling customer queries
● Survey on employee satisfaction
Attended two days workshop on Entrepreneurship by “Indian Institute of Entrepreneurship” at Graphic Era Hill University, Dehradun.
Attended seminar on the topic “Employees Relationship in an Organization” by Dr. Farooq, CEO of Himalayan Drugs at Graphic Era Hill University, Dehradun. CHARUL
Longueuil, QC adb7zm@r.postjobfree.com
Mobile no: 514-***-****
Contact this candidate