Rodrigo Hamann

Radford,VA +1-484-***-****
adchc8@r.postjobfree.com • https://www.linkedin.com/in/rodrigohamann/

Versatile, results-driven and motivated professional with 15+ years of experience developing exceptional relationship with clients, team members and senior leadership to provide sustainable business solutions. Strong expertise in Process Framework, Quality, Audits and Continuous improvements initiatives. Played key roles to standardize global processes in different locations, such as United States, Sweden, Mexico, France, Brazil, Poland and India. Fast learning and ability to adapt to changes.

CORE COMPETENCIES
Relationship Management • Team Leadership • Process Flow Development • Service Delivery • Communication • Business Focus • BI tools • IT audit and risk assurance • Quality • Innovation • Continuous Improvement

EXPERIENCES AND ACHIEVEMENTS

Data Analytics / Quality Leader – Volvo Group Powertrain and Manufacturing plants Sep/2014 to present

Led cross-site team in the fulfillment of runtime related activities (manufacturing production lines).
Monitored IT Quality of run-time application deliveries (E2E) in different automotive Volvo facilities in U.S. and Europe. Specially related to impact in production lines (powertrain / manufacturing, most systems related to Shipping and Receiving, Material Handling and Logistics management).
Led root cause analysis for top issues and maintained DFMEAs to determine potential risks.
Guided teams to achieved application targets, perform continuous improvements initiatives and reduce business impact.
Data analytics experience: Performed data analysis using BI tools (Power BI / Qlikview). Convert data into Management Dashboards in order to perform analysis of KPI, trends and plan preventive actions to mitigate recurrence issues in Volvo manufactory areas (production lines). Ensured key stakeholders informed of activities on regular basis.

Promoted continuous improvements events and trainings connected to Focus Improvement and Cost Deployment, and based on Volvo Production System (VPS).
Acted as Continuous improvement coach, supporting IT teams in different locations to perform business cases, providing cost-effective solutions, innovative ideas and reduction in rework.
Together we saved thousands of dollars to the company.

IT Internal Auditor / Coach (IT Risk Assurance and Compliance) – Volvo Group IT 2013 – 2017

Experience in perform IT audits, identifying technology risks and testing related processes and controls for design and operating effectiveness, Identified multiple data discrepancies root causes via data quality analysis.
Advised on methods to maintain security and confidentiality of IT data.
Supported the development of IT audit framework (process, tools, procedures, templates).
Facilitated training classes and ensured that “auditees” had clear understanding of IT process and controls. (Financial Critical Applications, ISO 9001, ISO 14001).
Organized external audits with main companies, such as Bureau Veritas, PWC, EY and Deloitte.
Managed the progress of Corrective Action for non-conformity items.
Presented audit results/findings to management team on regular basis.

Delivery Coordinator – Volvo Group 2011 - 2012

Acted as Rollout Expert and Early Life Support Coordinator for new IT Service Management tool.
Planned and conducted daily meetings with all stakeholders to review project status and main issues.
Held workshops and training sessions regarding Incident, Problem and Change Management Processes, in different sites.

IT Delivery Leader - Volvo Group 2008 – 2011

Led global IT Service Desk team (23 agents). Provided high-level services with strong sense of urgency. Interviewed, trained new team members. Secured the utilization of global procedures.
Achieved most important SLA and KPI’s defined by business.
Demonstrated ability to solve customer complaints and critical issues. Experienced a Short-term assignment in United States as recognition of his work.

EDUCATION
Master Degree (Postgraduate) in Business Process Management – FAE University – Curitiba/Brazil - 2016
Bachelor degree of Computer Information Systems – UTP University – Curitiba/Brazil - 2005

SKILLS, AWARDS AND CERTIFICATES

Strong knowledge of continuous improvement initiatives using methodologies such as Kaizen, VPS (Volvo Production System), Lean Six Sigma, Lean manufacture, 5S standards, Kanban and Agile practices.
Good knowledge of Innovation: big data, Internet of Things (IoT), Machine Learning and Predictive Analytics.
Experience with data visualization techniques such as Qliksense, Qlikview and Power BI.
Experience in IT audits, ITGC, SOX, COBIT, Risk Assurance, (trainee at PWC – PricewaterhouseCoopers )

Bureau VERITAS Certified for ISO 9001, ISO 14001 (as internal auditor at Volvo Group).
ITIL Foundation V3 Certified,
Microsoft Certified (WinXP and Win7). Good knowledge of MS Project / MS Office / MS SharePoint
Recognition: Won Volvo Group Awards for Root Cause Quality Assessment tool, IT Runtime Quality Dashboard and Delta Q for IT Change Mgmt.
Soft Skills: training courses for Leadership, Negotiations techniques, Decision Making, Feedback, Conflict Mgmt.

English – Fluent level
Spanish – Intermediate level
Portuguese - Fluent level
Valid Work Permit within Europe (EU/EEA Citizen – Italian).
Contact this candidate