ABHISHEK GAJRA
Data Analytics Graduate Assistant
PROFILE
Skilled professional with business experience in project management, product development, data analysis and visualization, software testing, and tech languages (JAVA & Python). Proficient in requirement analysis, test planning, bug tracking and launching finished code into production.

SKILLS
Software: MS Visio, SQL Server, Salesforce, Selenium, Cucumber, Tableau, PyCharm, Eclipse, Visual Studio, WEKA, Microsoft Office Suite, VBA, R Studio, MATLAB, Google Analytics, MS Access, V-Lookup, Pivot Table
Languages: Java, Python, HTML, PHP, XSLT, VHDL, R.
Spoken Languages: English, Hindi, Marathi, Gujarati, Punjabi, Sindhi, Kutchhi.

PROJECTS
Airport Shuttle Management System:
Created database model from scratch.
Taney Town Order Management System:
A business analysis project to detect, address & solve technical issues.
Bow-Bow – Customized dehydrated dog food:
Designed a marketing and business strategy to launch a new innovative product.
Internal Goal Alignment:
Discovered the issues of a real company and provided business strategy to resolve it.
CONTACT
PHONE:
443-***-****

LINKEDIN:
https://www.linkedin.com/in/abhi-gajra-57650288/

EMAIL:
adclpo@r.postjobfree.com

CERTIFICATIONS
Venafi Security Administrator 19
https://certified.venafi.com/85691de69fd69576d9317457666d3fa2b7e99c0e

EDUCATION
Westminster College
January 2018 - May 2020
Master of Business Administration in Technology Commercialization
University of Maryland Baltimore County
August 2013 - December 2015
Master of Science in Information Systems
WORK EXPERIENCE
Data Analytics Grad Assistant – Westminster College
January 2019 to Present
Optimized queries & dashboards for the recruiters to help them improve their enrollment process.
Created customized reports to track performance and make effective recruitment strategies.
Utilized Tableau & Excel to analyze the data & create strategies.
Created reports & dashboards for historical data that improved the efficiency of the recruiters.
Salesforce Administrator Intern – ARUP Labs
October 2019 to December 2019
Designed a new data modelling & sharing structure.
Audited and created reports and dashboards as required.
Drafted a policy document on Salesforce Lightning.
Participated in daily SCRUM calls.
Software Engineering Intern – Venafi
May 2019 – August 2019
Participated in daily SCRUM meetings and product review sessions.
Wrote development codes using C#.
Performed unit test before merging and functionality test using manual testing.
Kept track of the user stories on JIRA.
Improved the product documentation by performing beta testing and updated the installation guide wherever needed.
IT/Testing Intern – EDAX
May 2018 – December 2018
Created test plan & test cases to prioritize tasks.
Participated in product review sessions.
Created test data to test the software.
Used black box testing to detect all the bugs and reported them on JIRA.
Quality Assurance Analyst – Initialyze Inc.
April 2017 – December 2017
Created test cases for testing the web-based application.
Wrote automation scripts using python using Selenium Robot framework.
Attended daily SCRUM meetings and updated the team on the status of the stories and updated the stories on JIRA.
Software Test Engineer – American Express
February 2016 – March 2017
Created test stories and test cases depending on the user story.
Wrote/updated automated test scripts using Java in Selenium/Cucumber framework.
Performed backend testing using SOAP UI & SQL Server.
Identified and logged defects on Rally and kept track of the same.
Contact this candidate