Saeideh Mogharehabed
adczyc@r.postjobfree.com Richmond, VA 614-***-**** https://www.linkedin.com/in/saeidehmogharehabed/
An avid data scientist with 3+ year’s professional experience in knowledge such as programming, model development, data science, data analysis and statistical analysis. A detail-oriented engineer with drive for excellence to satisfy organizational goals and objectives.
Technical Skills
Data Management
MATLAB, Python, SQL, C
Data Analysis
Predictive Modeling (classification, clustering, regression and neural networks)
Microsoft Excel
Microsoft Power BI
SPSS
Data Visualization
Model Evaluation Techniques (k-fold cross validation, confusion matrix, etc.)
Time Management
Problem Solving
Developing Novel Solutions
Data Maintenance and Reporting
Teamwork and Interpersonal Skills
Professional Experience
Self-study Student, Richmond, VA, Sep 2018- present
During this time, I moved to another state to accompany my husband for his new job. During this gap, I learned a unique set of programming skills with Python and SQL and gained hands on experience with data science knowledge through various courses such as Machine Learning with Python, Linear Algebra, Neural Networks, Deep Learning, Python, SQL Basics for Data Science Specialization and Microsoft power BI from various websites such as edx.org, coursera.org and udemy.com.
Abbott Laboratories, Columbus, OH
Research analyst, Dec 2017- Aug 2018
Applied qualitative and quantitative techniques for data analyzing, data cleaning and data reconciliation obtained from research and extract meaningful information from big data.
Initiated systematic flowcharts to visualize the process of data maintenance.
Wrote module-based Programming code in Excel for executing mathematical and logical formulas and improved accuracy by 50% in data maintenance and refresh-project.
Researched data to draw conclusions for informed business actions and strategies.
Involved in developing a statistical analysis framework for estimating the number of new assets for refresh-project every month.
Involved in developing reports and dashboards in Power BI. Involved in creating data visualizations like histograms, Pi chart, line chart, scatter plot etc. with Power BI.
Instructed new employees by providing them with important information and resources as part of training procedures.
Medforall Company: Columbus, OH.
Data scientist Intern, Apr 2017- Dec 2017
Data collection, denoising and preprocessing of bio-signals such as heart signal (ECG) and brain signal (EEG).
Developed data science models (supervised and unsupervised machine learning) for seizure detection and emotion detection.
Developed object-oriented programming in Python to implement the desired framework.
Performed multiple model evaluation including k-fold cross validation, confusion matrix and accuracy.
Trained two students for doing data collection and developing machine learning algorithms.
The Ohio State University: Signal Processing Lab, Columbus, OH.
Graduate Research Associate, Aug 2015 - Dec 2016
Project: A Suboptimal Multi-Clustering Algorithm for Random Labeled Point Processes (Funded by National Science Foundation)
Studied and applied Supervised and unsupervised data science models including various clustering and classification algorithms (C-Means, K-Means, KNN, SVM, Regression EM, etc).
Reduced computation complexities and runtime significantly.
Used statistical methods for hypothesis testing for data evaluation and validation.
Developed automated solutions to build synthetic dataset, test and evaluate different algorithms.
Debugging, sanity checking and testing code in Matlab with different datasets.

K. N. Toosi University of Technology: Image Processing Lab, Tehran, Iran.
Graduate Research Associate, Aug 2011 - Feb 2013
Project: Classification of Lung Tissue in HRCT Images of Cystic Fibrosis Patients
-Proposed a diagnosis system based on Machine Vision and Image Processing to detect abnormal tissue in medical images through three stages: image segmentation, feature extraction, and image classification.
-Developed hundreds lines of module-based Matlab code.
Education
Master of Science, Electrical & Computer Engineering, Ohio State University, Columbus, OH, Dec 2016.
Master of Science, Biomedical Engineering, K. N. Toosi University of Technology, Feb 2013.
Bachelor of Science, Electrical Engineering, Isfahan University of Technology, Sep 2010.
Technical Skills
Advanced knowledge in programming (Matlab, Python, Open CV (Familiar), C (Familiar))
Advanced knowledge in Microsoft Excel: If statements, HLOOKUP/VLOOKUP, Pivot Tables, Macro …
Experience working with MySQL, Visio, and Power BI.
Advanced knowledge in Data science.
Experience in data analytics software (SAS, SQL, SPSS).
Ability to understand various data structures.
Certifications
Coursera: Deep Learning, Neural Networks, Mathematics for Machine Learning:Linear Algebra
Collabera TACT: Data Analytics with Excel and Data Science
EDX: Python, Power BI
Abbott: Data Integrity
AddisionTechnologies: SAS
Coursera: SQL
Honors and Achievements
Ranked 2th among biomedical students, KNTU, 2012.
Ranked top 6% among B.Sc. Students of Electrical Engineering, IUT, 2010.
Ranked in the first 1% of the graduate study entrance exam for electrical engineering, 2010.
Ranked in the first 0.1% of Iran’s Nationwide University Entrance Examination, 2006.
Scholarship for top M.Sc. student in the Department of Electrical Engineering (K. N. Toosi
University of Technology).
Contact this candidate