Aniket Kaushik
B-**/B Gali Number – *, Arjun Mohalla, Maujpur • Delhi, 110053, India
adiudi@r.postjobfree.com • +91-730*******/+1-724-***-**** https://www.linkedin.com/in/aniket-kaushik/
SUMMARY
Experienced Information Technology and Business Analyst with a knowledge base of Business Intelligence, Financial Analysis & Business Administration.
Designed, developed and implemented Power BI Dashboards, Scorecards & KPI Reports.
Experienced Oracle Documaker Consultant with more than 5 years of experience with fortune 500 clients.
Extensive experience in creation of Dashboards, Reports and Data Modelling which helps in better understanding of the Business trends.
A smart worker with 27% Analytical, 21% Conceptual, 26% Structural and 26% Social skills.
Excellent communication, analytical, interpersonal, and presentation skills, expert at managing multiple projects simultaneously.
Guardian Protector (ISFJ), ENTJ - Extravert (72%) iNtuitive (22%) Thinking (3%) Judging (22%) EDUCATION
UNIVERSITY OF COLORADO DENVER, SCHOOL OF BUSINESS Denver, CO Master of Business Administration, Business Intelligence & Finance July 2018 MAHARISHI DAYANAND UNIVERSITY Haryana, India
Bachelor of Engineering, Computer Science & Engineering June 2010 Overall GPA: 4.00/4.00
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
PYRAMID CONSULTING INC. – Dover, New Hampshire, USA August 2018 – September 2019 IT Business Analyst (Commercial Insurance Document Solution)
Insurance document Analysis, Analytic support to the product owner. Understand gaps identified by the Business analysts in the product & the customer requirements.
Created Power BI visualization of Dashboards & Scorecards (KPI) for Finance Department.
Designed and implemented a Monthly Resource Allocations system using Excel Power Query & Power Pivots to be included in dashboard reporting.
Conducted several Requirement Gathering Sessions (RGS) for gaining detailed requirements, Translated Business requirements to functional and technical language with the help of Use cases.
Responsible for efficient design and usage of various attribute dimensions like Customer, Product, Payment, Geographic and Time dimensions, and integrating them into reports displaying forecasting metrics.
Responsible for designing and executing Application objects and Schema objects using Power BI Desktop.
Developed complex calculated measures using Data Analysis Expression Language (DAX) to satisfy business needs.
Well versed with the Power BI product suite namely Power BI Desktop, BI Report Services & Power BI Dashboards.
Scorecard ADHOC development of SQL to Excel dashboards, charts, graphs, and Pivot tables.
Created Special technically directed documents for better acceptance of the reports. ACCENTURE SERVICES PVT. LTD. - Gurgaon, Haryana, India Senior System Analyst (Oracle Documaker) April 2013 – July 2016
As a part of Group Correspondence Release 2 - Designing and creation of policy forms as a Developer in the team.
Working on Paragraphs and Paragraph lists. Creation of DALs and scripts, and CPLs (Customer Specific Provision Language).
As a part of Maintenance Release - Working on Change Requests, Defects and Interview Screens. Knowledge Transfer sessions to new joiners.
Received Avanade Orange Award for the Delivery excellence individual. System Analyst (SharePoint 2010) April 2011 – April 2013
Responsible for providing production support, and user support in line with the Service Level Agreement (SLA). Communicate with the Business Users in an appropriate and constructive manner and keeping them informed of progress on call resolution.
Integrated application with Google map, Live stock price, Site Accelerator and CDN Network. Developed custom master pages, page layouts, web parts and user controls.
Received Outperform award for contribution in SharePoint 2010 application support. SKILLS
Technical
SharePoint Server 2010, SharePoint 2010, ASP.Net 3.5, SharePoint 2010 Search configuration,
Python (libraries - NumPy, SciPy, Matplotlib, Pandas),
Microsoft SQL Server, SQL Server, SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS), MySQL, DAX,
Oracle Documaker 11.5, Oracle Documaker 12.0,
JMP Pro 13, SPSS, Tableau, Megastat, MicroStrategy Desktop, Power BI, Excel - Power Pivot & Power Query, Data Models, BPMN
Microsoft Excel proficient (Pivot tables, V-Look Ups, etc.), Word, and other MS Office applications.
Financial
Strong understanding of accounting and finance theory, GAAP, IFRS.
Exceptional understanding of financial market and the full investment process.
Highly skilled in building complex financial models, valuation modeling and financial statement analysis.
Basic understanding of Banking, Financial principals, and Capital Markets.
DCF Valuation, Mergers & Acquisitions, Bloomberg, Market Research and Analysis, Investment Banking, Credit Analysis, Financial Projection, Leveraged Buyout (LBO) Modeling.
CORE COMPETENCIES
Financial valuation modeling
Corporate Finance
Effective Communication
Relationship Management
Interpersonal and communication skills
Financial Accounting
Risk Management
Quantitative analysis
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
Ethical Leadership Certified – NASBA Center for the Public Trust.
Successfully completed Capstone project for Strategic management.
Winner of the ACG (Association for Corporate Growth) cup 2017 – Midwest Region (United States of America) – The Denver Chapter.
Organized Avanade Sahyog club event with Hope foundation for Mumbai location.
Contact this candidate