Swathi Godavarti
SQL/Tableau/PowerBI/Redshift/Dremio/StarburstTrino/ Crystal Reports/MSBI (SSIS, SSRS, SSAS)
Location: Seattle, Washington
Phone: +1-425-***-****
E-mail: adulqm@r.postjobfree.com

Swathi Godavarti

Around 15+ years of experience in the field of software development, business intelligence in creating and executing innovative solutions to enhance business productivity. Unmatched talent for managing multiple priorities in high-stakes environments across the full project lifecycle. Significant analytical & technical expertise to aggressively capture and implement process improvement opportunities. Continuous learning keeps me dynamic, visionary, and competitive with the changing scenario of the world and to contribute for the growth of the organization.
SKILLS
Visualization tools:
Power BI
Tableau
Excel
Crystal Reports
Cognos
MicroStrategy
SSRS
Qlikview
Technical Skills:
MSBI (SQL Server, SSIS, SSAS)
Python
Dremio/RedShift/Query book
C/ASP/HTML 5/VB.net
Oracle
Additional skills:
Stakeholder Management
Manage Vendors & Offshore Team
Project Management/ Project Planning
Scrum Process (MIRO dashboard/Trello)
JIRA/Service Now
ERWIN/Visio/DB Schema
CI/CD
GitHub/Vault/SVN
Certifications
Power BI Data Analyst (PL-300)
https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/users/swathisekhargodavarti-0111/certifications/certification-print/certification.data-analyst-associate
Accredited Scrum Master from Scrum Institute
Accredited Project Manager from Scrum Institute

Professional Experience
SENIOR BUSINESS INTELLIGENCE ENGINEER
Expedia Group (2016 DEC – Present)
Senior BI Engineer for SLT (Senior Leadership Team) in the HR department. Worked on multiple highly visible and business-impact projects providing data for supporting strategic decisions for leadership and the team. Produced dashboards with multiple key people insights in recruiting, attrition, exit health analysis, skillset analysis, org needs, One team hiring, salary range determination, promotion, progression analysis, slates, loops, interview quality, the status of the employees, and TimetoHire. Few of the projects worked:
Skills: Python, Tableau, Power BI, SQL server, Dremio, Query Book, MSBI, SSRS, Trello dashboard, JIRA, ServiceNow, Github(Code versioning and repository tool), Starburst Trino
Developer around 25+ Power BI/Tableau dashboards by utilizing the knowledge of SQL queries. Converting raw data into actionable insights.
Involved in data wrangling for few sources of data via python.
Involved in data profiling, managing relationships, Merging and appending queries. Proficient in dimensional modeling.
Worked with data from multiple sources and efficiently designing the models upstream to improve the dashboard performance.
Used power BI service to collaborate with different users to work on live data sources.
Involved in automating reports that had flat files to generate the dashboards to working with engineering team to make the data available in cloud so the power BI dashboards can be automated.
Working with various teams, internal departments and stakeholders in gathering requirements and documenting, estimating timelines and testing the deliverables.
Involved in training and managing offshore team and prioritizing and distributing work.
Establishing proper coding guidelines and processes within a team to streamline.
Actively involved in migrating reports from tableau to Power BI with the move from on-premises to cloud.
Experience in preparing documentation such as High-level design, System requirement document and Technical Specification document etc.

Tata Consultancy Services Ltd (2011 APR – 2016 MAR)
Bank of America (BERTI)
DB developer Lead
Location: Hyderabad, Telangana

This is a system at Merrill Lynch for calculating brokerage fees for respective trades and invoices, after reconciling the brokerage fees it is paid through cash manager. It consumes data from several source systems and allows users to create trades by selecting configured vendors in the system. In this project we were asked to create a dwh model due to data expanding on day-to-day business which was challenging to generate reporting views that also needed to look at numbers for looking at the growth of shares and report the numbers to leadership team.
Skills: SQL Server, ServiceNow, SSRS,SSAS, SSIS, TortoiseSVN (code repository and versioning control)
Involved in managing end to end SQL server maintenance where I worked on making changes to database model, generating SSIS packages to load data from various sources to OLAP systems in improving the application layout and fixing errors.
Involved in creating cubes needed for processing and generating tabular model data time to time.
Sound knowledge in Data Analysis, Data Validation, Data Cleansing, Data Verification and identifying data mismatches.
Involved in Data Analyst role to review business requirement and compose source to target data mapping documents.
Handing over tasks between team members from different time zones.
Played the role of scrum master along with being an Engineer.

Ericcsson (Erisite)
Db modeler
Location : Hyderabad, Telangana

This is a system used to collect the requirements for establishing the various network systems and towers. It involved building a database system right from the scratch. It involved lot of people helping us understand how the networks of various companies are requested and built, how the signals are received and the entire networking process. The system how this application works has been a challenge on coming up with a dynamic model.
Skills: ORACLE, DBModeler/dbdiagram/visio tool
Responsibilities:
Involved in understanding the domain and data patterns to design effective database model.
Coordinated with multiple team members of various skills and domains to understand the various data components and document the observations and suggestions to modify the data model.
Present to the leadership team the status of the project time to time and build prototypes to demonstrate the same.
Research on various modeling tools to come up with dynamic database model.
Ericcsson (Resource Management)
Senior BI Engineer/Analyst
Location : Hyderabad, Telangana

This is a resource management portal which involves understanding various existing applications to gather required data for analysis that works as upstream for the RM application and then make out the statistics for future. Resource Management application is mainly focused on data prediction. It lets us know the resource statistics required for all the upcoming critical projects including cost. Risk analysis is also involved if extra resources are chosen. This application is very critical and has lot of maintenance tasks and enhancements.
Skills: Tableau, SQLServer, Scrum process, JIRA, Github
Responsibilities:
Gathering the requirements from the business users for which existing tableau dashboard to enable the video data.
Sound knowledge in Data Analysis, Data Validation, Data Cleansing, Data Verification and identifying data mismatches.
Involved in Data Analyst role to review business requirement and compose source to target data mapping documents.
Designed and Developed various Dashboard views utilizing visualizations like Bar/Stacked/Grouped Bar Graphs, Pie charts, Donut charts, Gantt charts, Waterfall charts, Geographic visualization, line charts, pivot table and scatter plots.
Excellent collaborator with marketing and IT stakeholders, influence decision making and proactive to provide solutions.
Generated advanced Tableau dashboards that allowed us to track and improve customer units KPI.
Crafting SQL scripts, Tableau dashboards and publishing them to server.
Worked extensively on advanced analysis actions and built highly usable and interactive dashboards by implementing advanced Tableau features such as parameters, Table calculations, LOD expressions, Hierarchies etc.
Provided Tableau training for Business users and created documentation on tableau User level usage.
Provided user access on tableau server, scheduled extract refresh, created user groups on Tableau server and assisted in Tableau server migration V.2020 and V.2021
Experience with building systems such as Jenkins and GitHub as versioning control system.
Support, maintain and enhance documentation for new applications/solutions as well as legacy solutions.

Humana
Senior Data Analyst (Tableau and Power BI)
Location: Hyderabad, Telangana

Analyzed and interpreted data from different sources to identify trends, patterns, and other useful information in healthcare research projects.
Analyzed the Clinical Data of patients to identify patterns in insurance claims, leading to a 70% decrease in overhead costs.
Reviewing, evaluating of claim files, healthcare membership files, enrollment files, Provider files
CMS response files and data stores to facilitate accurate data reporting.
Extraction of healthcare claims, membership, and provider data to provide analysis of the key.
metrics to client for internal and external reporting purposes: Key responsibilities include.
Membership Attribution, Member months, Pharmacy Extracts, Medical extracts, Provider.
Performance and claimant analysis by diagnosis etc.
Schedule meetings and work with end clients to get analysis and reporting requirements.
Create JIRA tickets and communicate with peers, maintain logs for issues and resolutions for
each project
Worked on generating the file Submissions to CMS and on Reconciliation projects comparing.
MA claims, RAPS and MA0-004’s
Worked on Reconciliation of claim files, healthcare membership files, enrollment files,
supplemental files CMS/HHS EDGE reports (RARSD, RACSD) data stores to facilitate accuracy.
data reporting
Perform CMS data audits (HHS, RADV) on Medicare advantage members and created chart chase.
list for retrieving medical records.
Perform IHA Audits on Medicare advantage and commercial members and created chart chase.
list for retrieving medical records.
Implemented project management methodology in daily work activities.
Analyze, communicate, document and track claim data issues to ensure data completeness,
quality and standards. Implement solutions for root cause of issues.
Developed automated routine reporting needs.
Validate, review and document peer data requests and provide feedback to internal team before
submitting reports to end client
Worked on multiple assignments by prioritizing, establishing working plans and arranging internal and external meetings to communicate objectives and timelines.
Conduct extensive analytical exercises: Deliver monthly, quarterly, ad-hoc reports covering the global data environment.
Work closely with departments to validate/confirm data for official announcements to risk management committee.
Conduct extensive global portfolio trend overview on new businesses.
Analyze existing customer's data quality, activities, delinquency performance, and loss performance.
Use of Data & Analytic tools including but not limited to Power-BI, and SQL with an emphasis on data manipulation, automation, validation, creating analytic datasets, and reporting.
Created the mapping specification and flow chart according to requirement.
Created visually rich dashboards using Power BI
Developed visual reports KPI scorecards and dashboards using Power BI desktop.

Environment and Tools: Microsoft Power BI, Power BI desktop Tableau Desktop, Microsoft access /excel, Microsoft SQL Server, SQL, PL/SQL and ETL, ServiceNow, JIRA.

APPLICATION DEVELOPMENT SENIOR ANALYST
ProcessMAP Infotech PVT LTD (2006 JUL- 2011 MAR)
Provides solutions for various modules that work towards sustaining EHS (Environment, Health and Safety) of employees at work. The purpose of this application is to identify, evaluate and control of hazards in the workplace. Watson’s approach toward an Industrial Hygiene process has resulted in the significant direct and improvement in operational parameters.
Responsibilities:
Dealt with multiple internal reporting’s related to crystal reports, MicroStrategy and SSRS
Facilitated data modeling sessions ranging from information gathering to model validation.
Involved in documenting technical and functional specs.
Involved in working with various teams to educate on the data model and worked on creating stored procedures/triggers/functions/views.
Involved in writing complex business logics for analytics layer to integrate with reporting tools to create various drill downs, detail reports/pie charts, bar charts, gauge charts, etc and also created cascading parameter reports, static and dynamic reports.
Worked on creating self-serve features through report builder.
Worked on creating ETL packages and cubes to process them time to time to make sure users can access the latest data as much as possible from OLAP.
Involved in creating .Net applications to integrate crystal reports wizard controls to generate apps out of the box.
Interacting with Business in getting the requirements, clarifications, discussion with client
Driving technical investigation into root cause following incident recovery 24/7
Participate in Knowledge Transition activities and mentoring the team.

Skills : Crystal Reports, SQL Server, SSIS, SSRS, SSAS ASP, ASP.Net
Education
BIRLA INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY AND SCIENCES (BITS, PLANI)
MAY 2006 PILANI, RAJASTHAN
Contact this candidate