ANTHONY MASANDO
Data Analyst Resume
E-mail: advscj@r.postjobfree.com,
Cell: 214-***-****

Education & Certifications:

Associates in Sciences Major in Finance from Richland College
Bachelors’ business studies at Dallas Baptist University
Financial Analytics and Data Base from Oracle University

WORK HISTORY
Technical skills:
Excel, PowerPoint, Access, SQL, CRM, ERP, Power BI, Salesforce, Tableau, Data Mining, Project Management, Data Testing, Oracle, Google Docs.

Morgan Stanley NA, TX
Senior BI Analyst 1/2021-to date
Evaluated business processes, anticipating requirements, uncovering areas for improvement, and developing and implementing solutions.
Trained other associates on Power BI analysis and presentation of Dashboards.
Presented dep dive analysis of company performance and forecast to stakeholders.
Performed Power BI Join operations using Merge Queries button to create a single table.
Used Left and Right Outer joins to select common tables to create a specific table for analysis.
Used DAX Union function in Power Bi Docs to combine several table rows under Table Manipulation DAX function.
Used SQL Indexes to search records and data from SQL server.
Performed business processes and developing optimization strategies in Key Performance Indicators (KPI)
Obtained data from various sources to prepare financial reports and graphical views.
Performed requirements analysis by using Power BI tools.
Presented detailed insights and plans to cross-functional team members and management.
Trained team members and helped with coaching to achieve team goals.
Gathered critical information from meetings with various stakeholders and producing useful reports.
Worked closely with clients, technicians, and managerial staff.
Provided leadership, training, coaching, and guidance to junior staff.
Performed user acceptance testing using SQL statements and Excel documents.

Bellevue University, Omaha, NE
BI Analyst: 01/2019 to12/020
Used Power BI to create Dashboards.
Prepared financial reports for various user groups.
Prepared Dashboards and reports using Power BI
Generated computed tables in Power BI using Dax Data Analysis Expressions
Creating Database objects, tables, views, functions and developing procedures for implementation.
I ran Sample SQL queries to test the performance counters and other object activity.
Performed SQL Performance Tuning to improve SQL queries and reduce time spent on receiving results.
Created new procedures and optimization of existing queries and stored procedures.
Performed user Training in Data Stage, Data Warehouse and Dashboards.
Performed testing of BI Power reports to ensure quality reports.
General Motors Chandler, AZ
Reports Analyst, 02/2016 to 12/2018
Maintained nightly backups schedules or Power BI reports.
Created Common Expression Tables (CTEs) in SQL server to reference in SELECT, INSERT, UPDATE and DELETE scripts.
Used Temp Tables to create back-up in SQL server and I used them repeatedly.
Maintained and patched the management of Power BI
Responsible for the maintenance and configuration of Oracle Database
Integrated Opportunities and Prospects for Dealerships.
Implemented and performed troubleshooting, and maintained the GM data, business intelligence, and reporting infrastructure.
Created interactive dashboards in BI Power Publisher
Creating Row level security with power bi and integration with power bi service portal.
Worked on all types of transformations that are available in Power bi query editor.
Scheduled Automatic refresh and scheduling refresh in power bi service.
Created reports using time intelligence calculations and functions.
Worked on all kind of reports such as Yearly, Quarterly, Monthly, and Daily.
Executed dashboard setups and data manipulating using DAX.
Oracle Warehouse Builder and used it for Relational and Dimensional Modeling.
Performed design reviews, prototype reviews and user acceptance testing UAT.

Responsible for troubleshooting complex technical issues and provide support t
Designed, implemented, and deployed Workday during integration.
Responsible for implementation Workday lifecycle
Responsible for creating user cases and test scripts for Workday
Collected Use stories and created cases to help with their customized reports.

American Express Phoenix, AZ BI Analyst Contractor
(Remote) 1/01/2015-12/28/2015
Created ESSBASE Excel Templates for reporting.
Configure EBS/Cloud Application to meet client requests.
Converted Excel reports to BI Dashboards for compliance with the Dodd Frank Act.
Performed enhancement of data and analytic capabilities and continued to improve processes.
Performed validation of data systems using SQL, PLSQL
Designed OBIEE 11G Business Intelligence Answers Dashboards
Created Interactions between BI Reports and Filters to allow drill-down capabilities.
Used Essbase Cubes for Data Modeling as per User requirements.
Created Balance Sheets and Expense Reports in OBIEE Answers
Converted Excel Reports to OBIEE interactive dashboards.
Amended Compound Layouts to suit User requirements.
Collaborated with other Team members to extract data from Essbase Data Base
Contact this candidate