Serwah Tei
DATA ANALYST - REPORT DEVELOPER

240-***-****
adw20p@r.postjobfree.com
Riverdale, MD 20737

Senior Data Analyst with 8+ Years of experience interpreting and analyzing data to drive successful business solutions. Proficient in visual analytics, statistics, and data analytics. Seeking to apply excellent understanding of business operations, data science and data analytics tools as a Data Analyst.
EXPERIENCE

DATA ANALYST - REPORT DEVELOPER
AARP Foundation
Washington DC, DC
April 2022 - December 2022
Enhanced and improved existing dashboards and workbooks for state and national advocacy actions.
Transformed Dashboard documentation and information pages with Tableau Visualization software as needed.
Made frequent suggestions to improve the information access and results of various workbooks.
Developed new methodologies for evaluating data and identifying trends in consumer behavior.
Worked monthly on offline files in Excel for advocacy call to actions and various health concerns for the retired.
Transformed and prepped raw Excel files data to get them in the right format for extract loading.
Prepared and maintained documentation for critical reporting functions, processes and data sources.
Reviewed data from internal or external sources to identify problems or opportunities for improvement.
Checked source data to verify completeness and accuracy.
Created graphical representations of data to support decision-making processes within the organization.

SENIOR BI DEVELOPER/ANALYST
Blue Cross Blue Shield
Durham, NC
November 2021 - February 2022
Maintained library of model documents, templates, and other reusable knowledge assets.
Documented specifications for business intelligence or information technology reports and dashboards.
Designed automated reporting processes utilizing SQL queries and Excel macros for streamlined data analysis.
Provided technical support for existing reports, dashboards, and other tools.
Developed and maintained archived procedures, procedural codes, and queries for applications.
Developed data models for applications, metadata tables, views, and related database structures.
Worked on ETL processes to refine dashboards with Alteryx Designer.
Used Alteryx Designer to transform and update various dashboards as needed.
Reviewed Complex Alteryx Workbooks for adjustment and refinement.

ASSOCIATE SCIENTIST SERVICE SPECIALIST
Perkin Elmer Inc
Rockville, MD
December 2019 - September 2021
• Followed company guidelines and OSHA regulations on use of protective gear and safe operation of work equipment.
• Operated dishwashers, autoclaves, pH meters, scales and mixers.
• Sterilized equipment and supplies using germicides and autoclaves to protect patients and staff from infection.
• Maintained compliance with established company standards, safety procedures and regulatory requirements.
• Completed Autoclave ticket requests for various chemicals and broth media for scientists from six labs, as needed including downstream and upstream labs.
• Updated daily logs with accurate and timely Glassware metrics information.
• Assisted in chemical inventory 3 times a year, kept a record/excel spreadsheets of all chemical count in labs excluding expired chemicals.
• Worked successfully with diverse group of coworkers to accomplish goals and address issues related to our products and services.
• Juggled multiple projects and tasks to ensure high quality and timely delivery.
• Provided excellent service and attention to customers when face-to-face or through phone conversations.

EDUCATION

MASTER OF SCIENCE (M.S.)- IN DATA SCIENCE CANDIDATE
New England College, Henniker, NH
GPA 4.0
Expected graduation May 2024
Relevant Coursework
Data Science Tools
Visual Analytics
SQL- Data Analytics
Web Analytics
Awards & Honors
Honors Student - GPA 4.0
Honors Society Organization Membership

BACHELOR OF ARTS (B.A.) IN CHEMISTRY
Temple University, Philadelphia, PA
Aug 2012
SKILLS

SQL Server Analysis Services
Accuracy and Efficiency
Data Collection
PostgreSQL
Tableau
Advanced Microsoft Excel
Google Analytics
Programming Language R
Data Analytics, Data Mining, Data Transformation
Data Science Tools
Alteryx
Visual Analytics
Power BI
Detail Orientated
Power Point
CERTIFICATIONS

What is Data Science? - IBM Certification

AWARDS

Honors Award - Honors Society Organization - Feb 2022
Certificate of Completion - Tableau Exam Prep 2022
Contact this candidate