Zach Mitchell Atlanta, GA
404-***-****
adw8a8@r.postjobfree.com
PROFILE
Innovative and skilled data analyst seeking a position in Analytics with an opportunity for growth. With years of experience in different industries, I have built a keen eye for detail and a passion for analytics. I am an extroverted individual with a creative approach to problem-solving and experienced in producing high-quality work in a high-intensity, time-sensitive environment. I excel at identifying patterns and trends that drive business success. My biggest achievements include increasing revenue, reducing costs, and improving operational efficiency for a range of employers across diverse industries. Let's work together to unlock the power of your data! *I have included some portfolio projects in my github and tableau*
EXPERIENCE
Harry Norman, Alpharetta, GA — Business Intelligence Analyst
January 2020 - PRESENT
● Conducted data analysis, developed insights, and made recommendations to support business decisions and improve operational efficiency.
● Developed and maintained data visualizations, dashboards, and reports to communicate key performance indicators and other metrics to multiple teams.
● Collaborated with Brokers to identify and document business requirements for data-driven solutions.
● Demonstrated proficiency with BI tools and technologies such as Tableau, Power BI, SQL, and Python.
● Demonstrated Strong communication, interpersonal, and problem-solving skills to collaborate with diverse teams and Brokers. Sinyo, Osaka, Japan — Business Intelligence Analyst
(Contract)
Jan 2023 - Apr 2023
● Conducted data analysis, developed insights, and made recommendations to support business decisions and improve operational efficiency.
● Developed and maintained data visualizations, dashboards, and reports to communicate key performance indicators and other metrics to Stakeholders.
● Conducted data modeling and data integration activities to ensure the accuracy and completeness of data for analysis purposes.
● Acted as a liaison between business stakeholders, IT, and other functional teams to ensure data requirements were aligned with business objectives.
● Demonstrated proficiency with BI tools and technologies such as Tableau, SKILLS
ArcGIS, RStudio, SQL,
PowerBI, Microsoft
Excel/Products, Tableau,
Google Sheets/Products,
CRM, MLS, Python, Data Viz
Construction Management,
Data Analysis, Detailed
Oriented, Problem-Solver,
Strategic Planning,
Client-Focused
LINKS
LinkedIn
GitHub
Tableau
PROFESSIONAL CERTIFICATES
Google Data Analytics
Certificate
Power BI, SQL, and Python.
Mitchell Construction, Cumming, GA— Sr. Project Manager May 2018 - Dec 2022
● Maintained a strong communication between customers, company owner, and employees involved in each project.
● Managed and implemented project budget and requirements.
● Developed key project goals and worked collaboratively with teams to meet those goals.
● Effectively managed contracts with suppliers.
● Managed marketing agendas and suggested ways to improve audience saturation.
US Forestry Service, Young Harris, GA — GIS/Data Analyst September 2015 - May 2018
● Conducted spatial analysis using GIS software to provide insights into geographic patterns, trends, and relationships.
● Developed and maintained GIS databases, datasets, and maps to ensure data accuracy, completeness, and currency.
● Demonstrated strong analytical, problem-solving, and critical thinking skills to identify and solve complex GIS problems.
● Demonstrated effective communication, interpersonal, and teamwork skills to collaborate with diverse teams.
● Demonstrated proficiency in GIS softwares such as ArcGIS, QGIS, or Google Earth Engine to support data analysis and mapping. EDUCATION
Young Harris College, Young Harris, GA — Bachelors of Science in Environmental Sciences with a focus in Data Science.
Contact this candidate