George Taraviras
**** ******* ** *******, ** ****2
+1-347-***-**** adw83a@r.postjobfree.com

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:

MS Power BI Architect, IGPS Dec 2022- Present
LEP Consulting, New York, NY
Designing and developing BI reports and responsible for the full cycle of deployment including designing, developing, testing, and documenting Power BI reports, Dashboards, KPI’s and advanced analytics.
Extensive use of SQL, DAX, and M language
Major Projects that I worked with were for IGPS, Canon etc.

MS Power BI Architect July 2021- Dec 2022
Slalom, New York, NY
Responsible for the full cycle of deployments including designing, developing, testing, and documenting Power BI reports, Dashboards, KPI’s and advanced analytics, providing reports and dashboards to different industries from healthcare to high end retailers for multi-year Microsoft Power BI Partner of the Year
Extensive use of SQL, DAX, M language, Datalake, Synapse in Azure cloud services and Snowflake in AWS, MS Dynamics ERP systems, Epic and Caboodle.
Advanced visualizations using Python.
Certified on PL-300 - Microsoft Power BI Data Analyst
A few of the major projects worked with were for Chanel, Kaiser Permanente, Slalom (internal), Fanatics, etc.

MS Power BI Architect Nov 2019- July 2021
Lindsey Adelman Studio, New York, NY
Worked on designing and developing BI reports for a niche high-end manufacturing company in New York.
Responsible for the Full cycle of deployment including designing, developing, testing and documenting Power BI reports, Dashboards, KPI’s and advanced analytics, including extensive use of SQL, DAX and M language.
Advanced visualizations using Python.

MS Dynamics D365 Finance and Operations & Power BI Consultant April 2019- Nov 2019
Brunswick Group, New York, NY
Worked on a global full cycle Implementation of Dynamics 365 finance and operations.
Responsible for the US part of the Company with emphasis on Financials and Project Management, Accounting, AR, AP, and HR modules
Developing SSRS and Power BI reports

BI Developer and MS Dynamics NAV Analyst / Project Manager Nov 2014-April 2019
New York, NY
Worked on a large-scale project based in Houston (TX), providing project management and consultancy services on NAV and BI solution design and development. Methodologies followed are SCRUM / PMI. I have worked with all versions from 3.6 to NAV 2017 And 365 Business Central.
Quality Assurance management and Acceptance tests design.
Business analysis
Power BI and SSRS reporting solutions design and development.
Redesign and migrate reports from Tableau, Reconfiguring and reengineering queries, extensive use of ETL and use of M language.
Tableau solution design and development
Certified on NAV 2013 Core and Finance
Project Planning, Execution, statutory reports and Post Implementation Review Repots
Usage of Jira and Confluence to develop user stories and epics.
Managing Microsoft Life Cycle services resources
I have provided consultancy on the following companies:

Evolutica (NJ) From November 2014 to January 2016
Monsieur Touton Selections (NY) From March 2016 to February 2017
Speedcast (TX) March 2018 until May 2019

MS Dynamics NAV, Functional Consultant July 2014-Oct 2014
Gogo Inflight Internet, Chicago, IL
SOX compliance on segregation of duties. A large-scale project requiring total review of user rights, reengineering of business processes, documentation of user access on database and fraud risk evaluation.
Processes evaluation, design, and improvement.
Tests design and planning.

Freelancer, MS Dynamics NAV, Consultant Nov 2013-June 2014
Vancouver BC, Canada
SSRS reporting and day to day support in the context of an SLA contract.

Jysk, Senior System Analyst Dec. 2012 – October 2013
Vancouver, BC
Deployment and reconfiguration of MS Dynamics Nav 5.
Management of various systems including Headcount, Maritech approval system, AGR, LAS
Warehouse management and Dynamic Order for Jysk Web store.
Monitoring and design –documenting the transition from Infostore retail system to Centara Retail system, and lastly evolved with Jysk’s web store platform Magento.

Trinite Solutions, Business Analyst Nov 2012 – Dec. 2012
Montreal, QC
Project planning and coordination, Business process reengineering, quality assurance
Analysis and design of totally custom E.R.P. systems aiming to migrate Legacy systems.

Pileus I.T, MS Dynamics CRM Consultant Sept. 2011- Feb 2012
Athens, Greece
Functional consultant and P.M. on implementing a solution, for an intercompany project on a recycling and waste management company, called ANSY S.A.
Microsoft Dynamics CRM

Xinis I.E.K., Instructor October 2010-July 2011
Athens, Greece
Instructor, introductory classes to I.T. and an introductory to Economics.

I.S.S Ltd, CRM Analyst May 2010 - September 2010
Athens, Greece
I.T. department, responsible for MS CRM Deployment

SingularLogic SA, Dynamics NAV & AX Consultant April 2008 – November 2009
Athens, Greece
Participated on Ongoing NAV projects and a full life cycle implementation of AX 2009
INTERSYS SA, NAV Consultant
December 2004 - April 2008
Athens, Greece
Implemented Multiple Microsoft NAV on different industries and a vertical solution for 3rd Party Logistics and Warehousing, NAV4LSP a Young and Partners solution.

ABC Professional Services S.A., I.T. Specialist- Financial Consultant September 2002- December 2004
Athens, Greece
ABC Professional Services, a subsidiary of Piraeus Bank Group, was active in providing Banking and Corporate IT solutions. Here stared implementing Microsoft Navision 3.7 which later become NAV

VIRTUS AELDE, TECHNICAL ANALYST 1998 – 1999
Analyzing Greek and Foreign Bonds, Securities.

Programming Languages and Products:

MS SQL Server Programming, SSRS reporting, MS Office, MS Dynamics NAV, MS Dynamics CRM,DAX,M Language, Power BI, Tableau, Python

Education:

TEI of IRAKLEIO TECHNICAL AGRICULTURIST 1993 - 1995
AMERICAN COLLEGE OF GREECE, Athens Greece 1994 –1998
Business Administration, Majoring in Accounting & Finance

Seminars – Training

Young & Partners. A vertical solution on Navision for Transportation and Warehousing (Feb 2007 Belgium)
Certified on Microsoft Dynamics, Nav (Twice)
Simcorp’s, IT/2 Treasury

Languages:

Fluency in Greek
Satisfactory French
Contact this candidate