MARY OYEMADE
adwcat@r.postjobfree.com
470-***-****

SUMMARY
Business Intelligence Developer and consultant with 5 years of work experience working for major corporate clients.
Experience collaborating with business users/stakeholders to thoroughly understand the needs to be supported by analytical tools.
Understanding of SDLC process and tools, agile program management concepts and version control.
Experience gathering and writing business requirement document.
Experience extracting, transforming, and loading data into target database using SSIS
Experience writing SQL queries- Stored Procedure, CTE, View
Experience creating report and dashboards using tools like Power BI and SSRS
Experience writing DAX Queries.

SKILLS

Skills: Proficient in SQL Server 2019 and Latest, SSIS, SSRS, Power BI, SharePoint, MS Excel.

EDUCATION

University of Benin - B.Sc. Computer Science June 2010

WORK EXPERIENCE WELLSFARGO Remote
Business Intelligence Analyst 01/2022 – Present
Collaborate with business staff to thoroughly understand the needs to be supported by analytical tools.
Experience in writing simple T-SQL queries to get the necessary data.
Create SSIS package to consolidate data from several sources like xml, excel, SQL server, validate and clean up this data and load the clean data into Data warehouse for Business use.
Create new or modify existing SSRS/Power BI reports for operational reporting.
Use SQL server reporting services (SSRS) to create list, cascading, table, drill through, drilldown reports etc.
Create Power BI Dashboards, Custom reports, Scorecards & KPI Reports using data from different sources like SQL Server, Excel, CSV, Azure, Snowflakes, SharePoint, Dataflow.
Perform transformations and manipulation of data in Power BI using Power Query, DAX to meet project requirements.
Develop visual reports, dashboards and KPI scorecards using Power BI desktop.
Create paginated reports using Power BI Builder.
Schedule Automatic refresh in power bi service using Power BI Gateway.
Power BI Administration - Publishing reports to test production environment, creating subscribing users to report page, giving access to users, and embedding report in Azure active directory app.
Responsible for design methodology and project documentation.
Conduct and support whiteboarding sessions, workshops, design sessions, and project meetings as needed.

ACCENTURE CONSULTING Atlanta, GA
Associate Business Intelligence Analyst 12/2017 –12/2021
Gathered and wrote the business requirement and documented user reference guide.
Created SQL queries such as CTE, views, stored procedures for integration with other applications.
Created SSIS packages to import data from Excel, XML, OLE DB Source and Flat Files.
Designed and created data extracts using SQL, supporting SSRS, Power BI, or other visualization tools reporting applications.
Created and developed dashboards, tabular, matrix, reports, charts, Graphs, Drill through, Drill down, parameter reports using Power BI.
Analyze, design, develop, deploy, and support Power BI dashboards and reports that meet business and technical requirements.
Ability to translate business requirements DAX formula.
Published report to workspace and scheduled refresh, subscription and granted users access to workspace.
Trained end users on how the functionality of reporting BI solution developed.
Contact this candidate