AARON MILLARD
Austin, TX 720-***-**** adx5wr@r.postjobfree.com LinkedIn.com/in/aaronmillard
DATA ANALYST, BI & VISUALIZATION SPECIALIST
TRANSFORMING DATA INTO ACTIONABLE INSIGHTS THAT DRIVE BUSINESS STRATEGY, PRODUCT ADOPTION & GROWTH As a Data Analyst, BI & Visualization Specialist, I am experienced at transforming data from various sources into actionable insights and business strategy. I have a passion for developing critical metrics, dashboards, data visualizations, and reports. In addition, I have earned recognition for solving complex business problems, uncovering new revenue opportunities, implementing data transformation strategy, and driving product success.
AREAS OF IMPACT
Data Analysis Business Intelligence Data Modeling Data Lifecycle Data Testing Data-Driven Insights ETL CRM Customer Success Business Strategy Product Development Data Visualization Project Management Technical Business Analyst Data Science Data Engineering TECHNOLOGIES
SQL PostgreSQL Robo 3T Python C# Tableau Retool Excel Heap Google Analytics Amplitude Snowflake Visual Studio Salesforce Matillion SendGrid RudderStack PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
RODEO LOGISTICS Austin, TX Nov 2020 - Mar 2023
Rodeo Logistics brings 21st century technology to the rodeo industry, helping manage athletes, scoring, events & venues. Data Analyst, BI & Visualization Specialist
Partnered with senior business leaders to define core metrics, understand data needs, and develop scalable solutions with rapid development and reusability.
Expedited reporting efficiency by creating 20+ data analytics dashboards using Tableau, providing automated, customizable, & real time data to diverse stakeholders. Effectively automated all data and business analysis processes.
Leveraged SQL for ETL processes, reporting and dashboarding, effectively transforming, querying, and managing various datasets.
Improved conversion rates and sales growth by designing Google Analytics dashboards to track customer acquisition, engagement, and behavioral data.
MOMENT HOUSE Los Angeles, CA (Remote) Jan 2022 - June 2022 Moment House empowers artists and creators to deliver unique live experiences to their worldwide community digitally. Data Analyst, BI & Visualization Specialist
Designed and implemented innovative strategies to extract, transform, and analyze data for various teams across Moment House. Delivered actionable solutions to improve products and solve business problems.
Improved revenue generation, data insights, and customer experience by employing 20+ expert-level predictive models, data visualizations, dashboards, ad-hoc reports, and tool development using tools such as SQL, Tableau, Python, and Retool.
Developed Python-based ETL programs to clean, improve, and aggregate millions of records of data.
Advanced future product improvements and enabled data-driven decision making by designing, implementing, and creating 50+ custom events and product analytics dashboards covering acquisition, engagement, and behavioral data.
Utilized Retool to create 15+ tools for internal use, including ETL for data cleansing and streamlining, product development, and customer management.
AARON MILLARD
Denver, CO 720-***-**** adx5wr@r.postjobfree.com LinkedIn.com/in/aaronmillard DAVE’S ANALYTICS Austin, TX Feb 2020 - Oct 2020
Providing statistical analysis and data-driven methods to optimize gambling picks on video game simulations. Founder / CEO
Envisioned, launched, and managed a company that provided an analytical approach to betting. Facilitated success by initiating a 24/7 data collection process utilizing over 10 different systems and computers. Implemented innovative automation techniques using 3 separate softwares to enable quicker data capture and exceptionally accurate results.
Created a next-generation data collection system collecting data for 100K+ simulations across the 2 video games Madden and NBA2k.
Drove continuous improvement and streamlined big data capture by creating and managing a statistical analysis system that automatically analyzed critical data and shared insights and top picks to subscribers and contributors.
Accelerated customer acquisition by creating trial, referral, and incentive programs to win new business.
Grew monthly subscription holders to 75 and customer base to 300+ within three months by guiding operational success, building social media strategy, and proving success to customers. Hired and scaled my team to 30+. ATHLYTE Chicago, IL (Remote) Aug 2018 - Jan 2020 Advanced analytics/data mining platform for major college sports providing personalized sports analytics portal for player, team, and game statistics including streaks, thresholds, records, and custom predictive analysis. Technical Business Analyst, Data Analyst
Key contributor in building Athlyte from the ground up through customer acquisition and management, data mining and transformation, app design, and project management.
Designed and implemented four analytical tools including a custom query, data explorer, analytics tracker, and an automated analytic alerting system.
Managed data mining processes from various sources, performing ETL to clean and transform data.
Was the sole POC for all external stakeholders, performing all sales visits, on-boarding, requirement collection, and tailoring solutions to their needs.
Grew revenue and active user base by implementing actionable insights and driving the product roadmap forward.
Collected, managed, and analyzed data from five sports, 200 universities, 600 teams, 7.5K games, and 15K+ athletes. EDUCATION
Bachelor of Science in Management Information Systems UNIVERSITY OF ALABAMA Tuscaloosa, AL 2017 Master of Education in Sport Management UNIVERSITY OF TEXAS Austin, TX 2018
Contact this candidate