Pulluri Sheshikhant
Data Analyst
Email: adx5tg@r.postjobfree.com
Ph#: 512-***-****

Education Qualifications :
University of Mary Hardin Baylor Austin, Texas
Master of science in Information Systems May 2019 – May 2020
• Coursework – Database theory and design, Data Structures and Java, Business Intelligence and Analytics, Python, Networks, Cloud Computing, Visual Analytics (Excel VBA & Macros), Project Management, Data Warehousing, System Analysis and Design, Computer Architecture, Data Visualization.
Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University Hyderabad, India
Bachelor of Information Technology Oct 2012 - April 2016
• Coursework – Algorithms, Statistics, Probability, Operating Systems, Computer Networks, Object Oriented Programming.
Technical Skills :

Programming
C, Python, SQL, Java, Unix, C++
Database
MS SQL server, MySQL, PostgreSQL, Oracle, AWS, NoSQL, Google Big Query
Machine Learning
Linear/Logistic Regression, Decision Trees, Generalized Linear Models, Matplotlib, Random Forest Classifier
Front End Technologies
HTML, JavaScript, CSS, Angular, React JS
Tools
VS Code, Source Tree, Eclipse, NetBeans, Toad for Oracle, MATLAB, Microsoft Azure DevOps, Visio, Lucid chart, XML, Big Query, DBeaver, Advanced Excel, Google sheets, MS Products, Dynamics 365, Tableau, Domo, Power BI, Metabase
Software’s
Qualtrics, SharePoint, Smartsheet, Snowflake, Google Analytics, Talend Open Studio, Jira

Work Experience :

WesTech Engineering, LLC May 2020 – present
Data Analyst/ Programmer Intern – Power Bi, Microsoft Dynamics, SharePoint, Navision, Looker Salt Lake City, Utah
Enhanced reporting outputs, data visualizations, driving processes, and improvement initiatives by gathering and documenting business data requirements improving efficiency by 50%.
Reduced the quote follow-up time by 50% by automating the quote follow-up through the CRM in coordination with NAV/ERP.
Developed and supported applications using HTML, CSS, JavaScript, MySQL with SQL server databases and PBIRS that increased the sales by 10%.
Worked with the aftermarket department to expand and develop new sales and reporting tools.
Generated dashboards/reports in Power BI for aftermarket performance and support.
Tata Consultancy Services Limited June 2017 – May 2019
Data Engineer – Informatica, SQL, Java, Oracle, Jira, SharePoint, Tableau, Outlook, Elasticsearch, SDLC Hyderabad, India
Improved developer efficiency by 30% by automating daily-run unit tests to eliminate manual efforts for identifying and fixing bugs using SQL queries and Extract, Transform and Load (ETL) processes.
Worked with 12-member team to develop and ensure optimum data quality using Oracle and ETL tools.
Designed visualizations and performed data analysis, which resulted in process improvement by 10%.
Involved in Data importing, Exporting, Retrieving and Updating data using SharePoint, Data loader and workbench to analyze data quality and researched methods to visualize and send a daily report of test results using MS Office Suite.

Thrymr Software Solutions May 2016 – June 2017
Python Developer Hyderabad, India
Involved in requirement gathering, analysis, design, estimation and testing of the assigned tasks in open stack.
Implemented rally open stack benchmarking tool on the entire cloud environment.
Experience in reviewing python code for running the troubleshooting test-cases and bug issues.
Configuring and managing open stack components such as Keystone, Nova, Neutron, Glance, Swift, Heat.
Written Nova, Glance, Neutron, Cinder, Keystone, Hashboard, Swift, Python client api to integrate with existing application.
Create a strategic architectural design of the platform with networking (VLANs, Firewalls, Load Balancers), Hypervisors (KVM and VMware), workflow and orchestration (Open stack APIS, Smart Cloud Orchestrator), Security (Keystone, lDAP), Inventory and monitoring, licensing, backup/restore.
Understanding Python files in open stack environment and make necessary changes if needed.
Involve in the development of the application using Python 3. 3, HTML5, CSS3, AJAX, JSon and JQuery.

Sagar Soft Solutions April 2014 – April-2016
Python Developer Intern Hyderabad, India
Analysis and Design of Applications
Exposure on implementing authentications using ORM Libraries
Used SQL alchemy as ORM for writing the ORM queries
Experience working in Different versions of Python
Responsible in creating a database and its validations and authorizations with MySQL
Worked on HTML and CSS for frontend support
Worked on Python Unit test library for testing purposes
Having experience working in Agile Methodologies, Scrum stories in Python based environment
CERTIFICATIONS
• Joining tables through SQL, Intermediate SQL, Intro to Relational Databases – Data camp Python for Data science – Udemy
Contact this candidate