Hailu Tekle
Manassas, VA 571-***-**** adx8cy@r.postjobfree.com
Power BI Developer/Data analyst
https://www.linkedin.com/in/hailu-tekle-886b50276/

* ***** ** ************ ********** in various domains. Master’s and bachelor’s degrees from reputed US universities. Good communication skills interpersonal skills and proven ability to perform both as an individual and as a team player. The adeptness to organize information, communicate, and present research findings clearly and effectively.

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY:
Expertise in Agile-driven software development, Joint Application Development, Process Management, business applications support, requirements gathering, documentation, and requirement change management
Worked Independently in managing the project stakeholders (internal & external) and providing vital inputs by performing gap analysis between legacy systems/business processes and new systems/ business processes
Experience in the Data Analysis, Development, Implementation, and Testing of Data Warehousing using Data Conversions, Data Extraction, Data Transformation, and Data Loading (ETL)Proficient in prominent Business Intelligence tools Tableau and Power BI for data visualization, analysis, and obtaining insights into large datasets, create visually compelling and actionable interactive reports and dashboards
Excellent T-SQL development skills to write complex queries involving multiple tables, great ability to develop and maintain stored procedures, triggers, and user-defined functions.
5 years of Experience as a report developer using Power BI and Tableau visualization tool, also used SSIS for data integration perspective
2.5 years of strong experience in Power BI 2.5x/2.7x designed, developed, and published multiple innovative visualization reports and dashboards in MS SQL Server/Azure cloud environment.
3 years of strong experience in Tableau 8x/9x, designed and developed multiple advanced visualization reports and dashboards using MySQL and Big Data/Hadoop environment.
Hands-on designing and deploying rich Graphic visualizations with Drill Down and drop-down menu options and Parameterized dashboards using Power BI and Tableau.
Excellent in using DAX table functions, including RELATEDTABLE, ALL, VALUES, DISTINCT, and FILTER.
Very good in utilizing DAX functions, including Aggregation, Counting, Logical, information, Text date functions, etc.
Expert in creating different visualizations using Power BI and Tableau using Slicers, Lines, Pies, Histograms, Maps, Scatter, Bullets, Heat Maps, Treemaps, etc...
Generated context filters and data source filters while handling large volumes of data using Power BI and Tableau.
Involved in creating Filters, quick filters, table calculations, calculated measures, and parameters in Power BI and Tableau.
Good understanding of Data Models and client-server architecture
Hands-on experience with MSBI (SSIS) to extract, transform and load data into the database.
Experienced in Creating DAX Expressions, creating Date to yearly columns, and implementing partitions in Tabular Models for Power BI
Strong experience in Data Analysis, Migration, Cleansing, Transformation, Integration, Data Import, and Export using ETL tools such as SSIS. Experience in testing and writing SQL statements.
Published Power BI and Tableau Reports in the required originations and made Dashboards available to Web clients.
Strong experience in using Excel and MS Access to dump data and analysed based on business needs.
Expert in using Microsoft Office applications for day-to-day activities like Microsoft Word for documentation, Microsoft PowerPoint for presentation, Microsoft Visio for drawing flow diagrams, Microsoft Excel for data presentation, and Microsoft Project for prioritizing and managing individual tasks

TECHNICAL SKILLS:
CATEGORY
DESCRIPTION
Reporting Tools
Power BI Desktop, Power Query, Power BI Service, Power BI Gateway, Power BI Report Server, SQL server reporting services (SSRS), Tableau
ETL
SSIS, Informatica
Databases
My SQL, SQL Server, Oracle, MS Access
NoSQL
MongoDB, Redis, Cassandra
Application Software
MS Office
Web Technologies
HTML, XML
Languages
Java 8, SQL, PL/SQL, JavaScript
CI/CD
Jenkins, Git, SVN, GitHub
Frameworks
Struts, Servlet, Spring, Spring MVC, Hibernate, Node JS, Bootstrap
Methodologies
RUP, OOAD, UML & Business/Data Modeling, ER modeling
Requirements Management Tools
Requisite Pro, MS Visio, Oracle, OBIEE Analytics
Process Modelling
MS Visio, Rational Rose, Virtual User Generator
Documents & Processes
SRS, Use Cases, UML diagrams, FRS, UAT, Test plans & cases, Business Process Modelling, Project Planning & tracking, Process flow charts, Oracle SQL developer, Control-M, Teradata SQL Assistant, Rally, JIRA
Cloud
Amazon EC2, Amazon S3, Amazon RDS, AWS Lambda, Amazon SQS, AWS Identity, and access management, AWS CloudWatch, Amazon EBS other services of the AWS family.
Servers
Tomcat, JBoss, WebLogic, WebSphere
Others
Windows, Linux, UNIX, UML, AWS, Waterfall, Agile, Jira, Confluence, DOM, log4j, Microservices, SOAP UI, SLF4J, Gradle, AngularJS, JWT, JMS, HTTP, RabbitMQ, IBM-MQ, Eclipse, macOS, IntelliJ IDEA, Android Studio
EDUCATION & CERTIFICATION:
Master of Science, Computer Science, STRAYER UNIVERSITY, Alexandria, VA / in progress (2025)
BA in Accounting, USA
Microsoft Certified Power BI Data Analyst
Java and J2EE
A+ Certified Present Computing Technology Industry Association
AWS Certified Developer -Associate
AWS Certified Solutions Architect -Associate
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:

Morgan Stanley, Washington, DC Jun 2020 – Till Date
Power BI Consultant

Responsibilities:
Involved in Migrating reports (Dashboard) from development to production.
Dashboard build: Sales BI Dashboard, HR Hiring Dashboard, Source-to-Pay, Prospect-to-Cash (Account Receivable, Account Payable), Master Data Management (MDM) Dashboard, Reconciliation & Quality Assurance Dashboard, and others.
Understand the business requirement, existing Architecture, and database details to work on this project.
Played a pivotal role in managing and rolling out several systems functional and technical system enhancements
Implement the Business requirement as per functional document by understanding dataflow, business logic, and business rules.
Clarify the doubts with business users to understand the requirement clearly and propose technical solutions to meet the requirement wherever needed.
Have gone through the Business requirement document, dataflow, business logic, and Business rules that need to be applied.
Clarify the doubts with Business users to understand the requirement clearly and propose technical solutions to meet the business requirement wherever needed.
Created dashboards in Power BI according to user specifications and prepared stories to provide an understandable and helpful vision.
Implemented a writeback feature in Power BI by integrating Power Apps.
Create Workspace, Gateways, and other admin activities such as providing different level access based on the user profile.
Involved in creating dashboards by extracting data from different sources.
Created data visualizations, and applied various actions (URL, Filter, Parameters) in the Power BI desktop
Develop, Organize, manage, and maintain graphs, tables, and document templates for the reports.
Used SQL, PowerPoint, Info View, and Excel daily to generate various performance reports for analysis.
Assist with architecting an enterprise Power BI analytics platform that allows users to gain access to relevant data in a controlled and secure manner.

TISTA, MD Oct 2018 – May 2020
Power BI Analyst

Responsibilities:
Assist with architecting an enterprise Power BI analytics platform that allows users to gain access to relevant data in a controlled and secure manner.
Provide a ‘factory-model’ approach to migration of existing Qlik reports to Power BI, leveraging extensive tools, processes, and template-based content where suitable.
Establish program management, governance, and technical oversight to effectively and efficiently manage the Analytics Platform-as-a-Service project pipeline.
Enable and deploy best practices and playbooks which drive the adoption of Power BI.
The areas of focus may include but will not be limited to data ingestion, processing, and visualizations for targeted high-value use cases, to be defined by Humana in collaboration with Microsoft.
Provide a cloud-based platform for enterprise users to collaborate on visualizations, perform ad-hoc exploration, and customize self-service data sets and analytics models.
Generated context filters and data source filters while handling large volumes of data.
Hands-on experience in utilizing DAX functions, including Aggregation, Counting, Logical, information, Text, and date functions in source data.
Used DAX table functions including FILTER, ALL, VALUES, DISTINCT and RELATEDTABLE.
Used Z-order to overlap the reports on each other using Power Bi.
Used Power Bi, and Power Pivot to develop data analysis prototype, and used Power View and Power Map to visualize reports
Create and customize simple visualizations, Combination charts, Slicers, Map visualizations, Matrixes and tables, Scatter charts, Waterfall and funnel charts, Gauges, and single-number cards.
Published Power Bi Reports in the required originations and Made Power Bi Dashboards available to Web clients.
Created multiple data models and used them as a common data source for reporting purposes.
Used Power Bi Gateways to keep the dashboards and reports up to date.
In Power Bi developed reports by different time intelligence like year-to-date (YTD), Month to date (MTD), and same period last year.
Involved with the ETL team on transformation logic in the ELT (Azure) and migrating the SSIS packages to Azure Data factory (V2).
Closely worked with ETL to implement Copy activity, Custom Azure Data Factory Pipeline Activities for On-cloud ELT processing
Coordinated with the ETL team on calling the procedures in Azure Data factory pipelines
Involved in ETL processes and developing source-to-target data mappings, integration workflows, and load processes.
Analyze source system data to assess data quality using SQL query.
Design ETL processes and develop source-to-target data mappings, integration workflows, and load processes. Design, develop, and implement enterprise-class data warehousing solutions.
Used ETL (SSIS) to develop jobs for extracting, cleaning, transforming, and loading data into a data warehouse.
Experiences in various types of tasks like loading source data in the target using SSIS.
Created Row level security so that the end user can view the data based on role.
Analyzing reporting requirements and developing various Dashboards, using trend lines and reference lines.

Fresh Gravity, Washington, DC Jan 2016 – Sep 2018
Data Analyst

Responsibilities:
Use recognized business analysis methodologies to elicit requirements from business users as the foundation for developing solutions to the organization’s business needs
Documented the software requirement specifications and ensured the timely sign-off
Played a pivotal role in managing and rolling out process-wide software testing framework
Successfully managed the end-to-end software development life cycle and delivered several key projects
Worked as a liaison between multiple cross-functional teams and external-internal stakeholders
Worked with the business users to understand the architecture, data Model, business logic and rules to be applied to meet the business needs.
Discussed with the team to capture high-level transformation rules, produce features, define metrics, and User Interface Design Document acceptance.
Created and published Tableau reports utilizing complex calculated fields, table calculations, filters, and parameters.
Participated in building and visualizing dashboards using Tableau Desktop
Used Tableau to generate Tableau combination dashboards and wrote SQL Queries for testing the Tableau report/dashboard.
Implemented Extract filters, Calculation Filters, Context filters, and Data source filters to exclude certain values or a range of values as well as better performance.
Have done advanced analysis, through field calculation, and table calculation as well as also involved in forecast analysis.
Used different functions like a number, string, date, Type conversions, and aggregate functions.
Combined views and reports into interactive dashboards in Tableau Desktop that were presented to Business Users, Program Managers, and End Users.
Written complex SQL queries to read data from source databases like SQL Server.
Modified existing Unix shell script to automate the process.
Contact this candidate