JYOTI Kent, OH
adxbby@r.postjobfree.com 234-***-****
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
Six years of experience in Business Process Analysis, Business Intelligence, Data Warehousing, and Reporting. Academic background in Bachelor of Technology and M.S in Business Analytics with an in depth understanding of project lifecycle and business process dependencies. Experienced in BI and data analysis tools like PowerBI, QlikSense, QlikView, SSIS, MSSQL Server, Snowflake, Tableau, Python, SQL with a comprehensive experience in agile development. WORK EXPERIENCE - BUSINESS INTELLIGENCE CONSULTANT GRADUATE TEACHINNG ASSISTANNT -Kent State University. (Augl2022- May2023)
§ Assisting faculty with classroom instruction, records, and assignments, Conferencing with students individually or in small groups.
§ Delivering LAB lectures on Business Analytics statistics concept in R Studio, leading group projects or discussions, Grading assignments or papers.
§ Project ML: Diabetes prediction in women using regression and KNN, hierarchical clustering to the data using Euclidean distance, IMDB Text sentiment analysis using Neural network NLP, Cats and Dogs classification using Neural Network.
§ Currently working on research paper Effective Deep learning methods for Emotion Detection in Audio DATA SCIENTIST - Cognizant (March 2022- Sept 2022)
§ As a Data Scientist worked upon implementing end to end BI projects, collecting data, PCA analysis and organizing all the project related data.
§ Interacting with client and understanding requirements for development in a complex on shore-offshore BI platform.
§ Coordinating with subject matter experts to meet BI objectives and delivery of enterprise level reporting solutions.
§ Creating Dashboards for business users and supporting production related data for its accuracy and reliability.
§ Working in agile methodology to support BI platform in extracting with Python, SQL queries from different sources like AWS Athena, Adobe, Flat files and other relational data sources. BI TECHNICAL CONSULTANT – Pragmasys Consulting LLP (March 2021-March 2022)
§ As a QlikSense/Tableau developer worked on requirement gathering, developing, and managing reporting solutions for BI users.
§ As a BI Consultant as well as Scrum Master, managed an onsite team on QlikSense and Tableau platform for BMW.
§ Converted all the manual reporting to automated reports in Qlik sense and Tableau that reduced the workload and increased the efficiency of the resources by 40%.
§ Created UAT scripts and trained business users to help them in start using QlikSense as an ad hoc reporting platform.
§ Troubleshooting Star schema and Snowflake design models after deeply understanding existing data models.
§ Creating reports (and ultimately) dashboards to help business users in tracking KPIs. SOFTWARE ENGINEER – HCL Technologies (June 2016-Feb 2021)
§ Maintained and enhanced financial and sales reporting using QlikView and QlikSense.
§ Worked on all aspects of development, upgrade, and implementation of financial reporting for the department.
§ Created reporting and data analysis methodologies using Report Studio to track annual Financial/Capital Indicators.
§ Worked closely with business managers on reporting requirements and prepared monthly, quarterly and annual reports. EDUCATION
§ Master of Business Analytics, 2024 Kent State University, Ohio
§ Master of Technology, 2014 Vellore Institute of Technology (VIT) University, India
§ Bachelor of Technology, 2012 Maharishi Dayanand University, India
Contact this candidate