A highly responsible, teamwork-oriented and dedicated data analyst with
strong analytical and technical experience in the Health Data. Competent in creating insightful visual representations from datasets for soliciting feedback from the stakeholders and incorporating the same to enhance the efficacy of processes.
Data Analyst, Numpy Ninja
Sept 2022 - Present
Worked with clinical dataset for designing a KPI dashboard (Length of stay, throughput etc.) for ICU Sepsis patients using Tableau calculated field, Level of Detail (include, exclude, fixed), filters, parameters, sets which will help to improve ICU operational efficiency by 30%
Determined SIRS using advanced Tableau visualization feature and created a dashboard for the identified SIRS patients' using vitals - HR, temperature, Respiration and clinical parameters – PaCo2 and WBC, thus helping the stakeholders to identify and monitor patients more susceptible to the further stages of Sepsis.
Analyzed the role of demographic parameters with respect to sepsis which helped in inferring that patient’ in the higher age bracket (65+) especially males are have a longer length of stay and are more vulnerable to sepsis as compared to females.
Identified the dominant biomarkers - WBC, Platelets, base Excess and lactate which plays a significant role in the incidence of Sepsis by using concepts of advanced Tableau like Dual axis, Blended axes, control charts, spark line charts, funnel charts, pareto charts, correlation charts in addition to basic charts like Bar plots, Box plots, scatter plots, heat map and thus requires regular monitoring by the clinicians.
Used Python Pandas / Numpy library for data cleaning, data wrangling and missing data analysis.
Adept in Python visualization libraries like matlplotlib and seaborn for deriving insights through exploratory data analysis. Data preparation from relational database using PostgreSQL by using SQL queries.
Involved in the process of implementation Agile Methodology using Scrum,Trello and Jira.
Sadhana Hiregoudar
adxxk4@r.postjobfree.com
Sadhana-Hiregoudar-LinkedIn
https://medium.com/@sadhana.hgd
Sadhana-GitHub
sadhana3222-Tableau-Public
SQL Hackathon
Python Hackathon
Power BI Hackathon
Language: SQL, Python
BI Tool: Tableau, PowerBI
DataBase: MS-SQL, PostgreSQL
Other Tools: Trello, Slack, Jira
Git,MS-Excel
Masters of Computer Applications
Visvesvaraya Technological University,
2014
Bachelor of Computer Applications
Karnataka University,2011
Supratim Dasgupta
Founder & CEO, NumPy Ninja
adxxk4@r.postjobfree.com
PROFILE
PARTICIPATION
SKILLS
EDUCATION
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
REFERENCES
Contact this candidate