Anthony Golubski-Allen
317-***-**** Indianapolis, IN, 46237 adyiti@r.postjobfree.com
My LinkedIn Profile My Portfolio My GitHub Repository

Dedicated power bi consultant with 5 years of experience developing user-friendly reports and dashboards for diverse clients promoting business insights and improving client’s SLA. Skilled in data analysis, modeling, and visualization, with expertise in leveraging Power BI to deliver actionable insights. Strong proficiency in DAX and data integration, ensuring accurate and efficient reporting. Adept at collaborating with my clients to understand business requirements and translating them into visually compelling reports and dashboards. Seeking to utilize my expertise in Power BI to drive business growth and maximize the value of data for clients.
WORK EXPERIENCE
Infosys - Indianapolis, IN 07/2018 - PRESENT
Power BI Data Analyst Consultant
Client: Health Insurer 08/2020 - 05/2023
Collaborate with business users to gather requirements, develop reports/dashboards, and provide power bi support.
Implemented data visualization and analytics solutions using Power BI, enabling comprehensive insights and identifying valuable cost-saving opportunities.
Created interactive Power BI reports for communication channel analysis, allowing the company to identify failed response times and improve SLA.
Developed a solution using Power Automate to check a reports status using power bi alerts and promptly notify business users of any communication issues.
Proactively monitored Power BI services to address any issues providing business users with reliable and up-to-date information for decision-making.
Client: Heavy Machine Manufacturer 01/2020 – 04/2020
Engage closely with business users on-site and then coordinated with the offshore team for development.
Led daily morning meetings with both the client and offshore team to conduct UAT on power bi reports to allow for real-time feedback and meet the client’s expectations.
Collected requirements by engaging with department heads and understanding their needs and specifications to send this data to the offshore team.
Developed a series of intricate power bi reports to ease the workload of the offshore team and generated excitement from the client to see more reports going forward.
Conducted a week-long training session on Power BI, equipping participants with the necessary knowledge and skills to effectively utilize the platform.

Client: Technology and Multi-Industry Company (HVAC) 09/2019 – 12/2019
Troubleshooting Talend Administrator Center job execution task, identifying and resolving any issues that arose.
Monitored the execution of the jobs assigned to me, validating their successful completion and capturing any encountered issues or errors.
Reviewed job logs in detail to pinpoint the underlying cause of the error
Provided updates in my daily meetings on the number of jobs completed, sharing progress and achievements with the team.
Configured and scheduled new job execution tasks within the Talend Administrator Center for the assigned jobs that were not previously set up.
EDUCATION
Indiana University – Purdue University Indianapolis - Indianapolis, IN
Bachelor of Science – Computer Science, May 2018
PROFESSIONAL SKILLS
Programming Languages: Java, Python
Frameworks: Hadoop, Spark
Tools & Utilities: Power BI, GitHub, Jenkins, Putty, Sqoop
Query Languages: MySQL, Hive
SDLC Methodologies: Agile, DevOps
Data Visualization, Data Modeling, Data Validation
SOFT SKILLS
Flexibility
Problem-solving
Time Management
Teamwork
CERTIFICATIONS
Analyzing and Visualizing Data by Using Microsoft Power BI (03/2022 – PRESENT)
Certified SAFe 6 DevOps Practitioner (05/2021 – PRESENT)
Microsoft Azure Fundamentals (07/2019 - PRESENT)
PCEP – Certified Entry-Level Python Programmer (06/2023 - PRESENT)
Contact this candidate