Sakshi Nath
Data Analyst
adyl6n@r.postjobfree.com 766-***-**** India https://www.linkedin.com/in/sakshi-nath-8b98341a0/ Profile
Highly motivated and detail-oriented data analyst with 2 years of experience in analyzing data sets, developing data-driven insights, and implementing data-driven strategies. Proficient in SQL, Power BI, & Data Visualization. with a proven track record of leveraging data to drive business decisions and optimize processes. Seeking a challenging data analyst role that will allow me to utilize my analytical and technical skills to contribute to the growth and success of the organization. Technical Skills
Data Analysis
MS(Word, Excel, PowerPoint)
ETL
Power BI
Python
SQL
Data Visulization
Soft Skills
Strategic Thinking
Good Interpersonal Skills
Team-Player
Analytical Skills
Problem Solving
Quick Learner
Professional Experience
Business Data Associate, PricewaterhouseCoopers (Payroll Softlogique IT Solutions Pvt.Ltd)
•Extracted, transformed, and loaded data using Power BI, streamlining data integration processes.
•Created dashboards and reports using Power BI to visualize and business insights to stakeholders. 10/2022 – 01/2023
Kolkata, India
•Collaborating with cross-functional teams, communicating insights effectively, and building strong interpersonal relationships.
•Developed business insights by conducting data analysis, and identifying trends, and patterns to support decision-making.
Data Analyst, Bajaj Finserv Ltd.
•Experience in SQL and able to create queries to extract data from databases.
•Conduct variance analysis and data analysis to identify trends, patterns, and insights to inform business decisions, optimize campaigns, and improve business operations. 04/2021 – 10/2022
Pune, India
•Created a dashboard in Power BI, providing real-time insights into sales performance and contributing to a 15% increase in revenue.
•Automated repetitive tasks and processes using Excel VBA macros, saving significant time and improving data accuracy.
•Collaborated with cross-functional teams to analyze business requirements and deliver data- driven solutions to support key business initiatives.
•Demonstrated a strong team player attitude, collaborating with business to deliver tasks on time and within budget.
•Developed business insights by conducting data analysis, and identifying trends, and patterns to support decision-making.
Projects
Credit Card Fraud Detection Using Machine Learning and Python. Education
MBA (Finance), Chandragupt Institute Of Management, Patna 07/2019 – 06/2021 Patna, India
Bachelor of Business Administration (BBA), Magadh Mahila College, Patna 07/2014 – 08/2017 Patna, India
Awards
Bulls Eye, Bajaj Finserv Ltd.
Receiving Bulls Eye Award for beating the highest target of 14cr and implementation & Automation of Dashboard. Languages
English Hindi
Contact this candidate