ANVITHA ARAVELLY
DATA ANALYST / BUSINESS ANALYST
LOCATION: VA MOBILE: 443-***-**** EMAIL: adypz0@r.postjobfree.com PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
3+ years of IT experience in the field of Business/Data analysis, ETL Development and Data Modeling.
Experience in various phases of Software Development life cycle (Analysis, Requirements gathering, Designing) with expertise in documenting various requirement specifications, functional specifications, Test Plans, Source to Target mappings, SQL Joins
Expertise in transforming business resources and requirements into manageable data formats and analytical models, designing algorithms, building models, developing data mining and reporting solutions that scale across a massive volume of structured and unstructured data.
Proficient in managing entire data science project life cycle and actively involved in all the phases of project life cycle including data acquisition, data cleaning, data engineering, features scaling, features engineering, statistical modeling, testing and validation and data visualization.
Sound understanding of Gap Analysis, requirement management, risk analysis and project plans.
Strong experience with Python to develop analytic models and solutions.
Proficient in data visualization tools such as Tableau, Python to create visually powerful and actionable interactive reports and dashboards.
Good understanding of Relational Database Design, Data Warehouse/OLAP concepts and methodologies
Excellent Tableau skills, expertise in building, publishing customized interactive reports and dashboards with customized parameters and user - filters using Tableau.
Experience in creating technical metadata for the underlying physical data model of the Source systems as well as Data warehouse.
Experienced in Agile methodology and SDLC process.
Strong business sense and abilities to communicate data insights to both technical and nontechnical clients. SKILLS
Languages: R, Python, Scala, Spark, SQL, Linux, HTML, CSS, C Databases: MySQL, MongoDB, MS Access
Visualization Tools: Tableau, Power BI
Tools & Technologies: Anaconda, R Studio, Git, MS Excel, MS Word, MS PowerPoint, Tableau, AZURE, AWS, Hadoop, Hive
Machine Learning Packages/Statistics Regression, Classification, Collaborative Filtering, Association Rules, Validation Methods, NLP Techniques, NLTK, Pandas, NumPy, Matplotlib, Time Series Data Analysis Techniques: Data Mining, Data Modelling, Data Cleaning and Data Warehousing Methodologies: SDLC, Agile
Operating Systems: Windows and Mac OS
EDUCATION
Master of Science in Data Analytics Engineering Jan 2021 - Aug 2022 George Mason University, Fairfax, Virginia
Bachelor of Technology in Information Technology Aug 2016 - July 2020 Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University, Hyderabad, India EXPERIENCE
International Monetary Fund, Washington D.C, US
Role: Marketing Research Data Analyst May 2023 – Current
Strong knowledge in Power BI on how to import, shape, and transform data for business intelligence (BI), Visualize data, author reports, schedule automated refresh of reports and create and share dashboards based on reports in Power BI desktop.
Power BI experience in designing Interactive Reports using Power Query, Power Pivot, and Power View.
Was responsible to maintain the existing Power BI reports and dashboards and create new ones.
Worked in publishing Power BI reports to dashboards in Power BI server and scheduling the dataset to refresh data in multiple intervals to automate the report data refresh using Power BI Enterprise gateway.
Created Power BI Dashboards using different type of Slicers and different Visualizations like Bar Charts, Line Charts, scatter plot, clustered chart, and Pie Charts etc.
Converted few of the SSRS reports to Power BI reports and added multiple visualizations for the interactive dashboards. Picket Homes, Remote, US
Role: Junior Data Researcher Oct 2022 – Apr 2023
Analysed the real estate data and created efficient data models.
Created multiple reports based on business operations & operational KPI’s, that can be used for data analysis to predict the real estate trends.
Creating reports that include findings from research studies such as surveys or experiments using statistical methods.
Conducting focus groups or in-person interviews to gather data about specific topics or for marketing research.
Interpreting data and identifying trends and patterns in collected information. Plaxonic Technologies, India
Role: Data Analyst May 2018 – Oct 2020
Involved in Inception Phase and prepared vision statement and initial data models that contain Business Requirement Documents and supporting documents that contains the essential business elements and detailed definitions.
Recognize the business users' data visualization requirements.
Write SQL queries to extract data from Sales data marts according to needs by analysing the model to discover the tables and their relationships.
Create Pivot tables in Excel to analyse data across several dimensions.
Create Source to Target Data Mappings for individual reports.
Developed Tableau data visualisation using Scatter Plots, Geographic Map, Pie Charts and Bar Charts, & Density charts.
Prepared test cases for the validation of data and look and feel of the reports.
Experience with various ETL, data warehousing tools and concepts.
Using Python scripts, pre-process data to identify features with missing data.
Writing programmes to put Predictive Modelling algorithms into action.
Writing Python scripts to undertake data exploratory analysis.
Interpreting the results of the Predictive Models and documenting them in the project report. PROJECTS
Data Modeling and Architecture - Banking System (ATM and E-commerce)
Provided the customers an independent platform same as any employee, who would help them in a bank, with their transactions.
Created real-time database for transactions on Microsoft Azure which provides a repository for source code and a place for administrator to monitor budget and the money flow.
Used Azure AD authentication and enabled security features, such as Microsoft Defender for SQL to manage every user access with authentication to make sure the customer's information remains protected and unique. Breast Cancer Analysis May 2022-Aug 2022
In this project, Classification of the breast cancer has been down as either Malignant or Benign tumour.
Data visualization is performed to provide an in-depth information about the data which features are correlated with defining the tumour.
Python, R were used to perform the analysis.
Application of NLP in text summarization and entity relation extraction in legal documents Jan 2022 – May 2022
Trained a custom NER model fine-tuned from distil BERT, and a relationship identification model that leverages the NER model created.
Label studio, Python, NLP Hugging face Distil BERT base model, SpaCy binary are being used in the project.
Worked as the Scrum Master for my team.
Contact this candidate