Academic Credentials Professional Career Outline
Executive Master of Business Administration
Post Graduate Institute of Management
(Sri Jayewardene University )
Cost Accountant
Vogue Tex (Pvt) Ltd (2018-2023)
Reading Advance Diploma in Management
Accounting - CIMA
Charted Institute of Management Accounting – UK
Costing Analyst
Vogue Tex (Pvt) Ltd (2015 – 2018)
Diploma in Management
Accounting - CIMA
Charted Institute of Management Accounting – UK
Data Analyst
Vogue Tex (Pvt) Ltd (2011-2014)
Passed Finalist - AAT
Association of Accounting Technicians
Accounts Executive
Vogue Tex (Pvt) Ltd (2010-2011)
Primary and Secondary Education
Wijayaratnam Hindu Central College Negombo.
Planning Executive
Vogue Tex (Pvt) Ltd 2009
Areas of Expertise Competencies and Skills
Group Management Accountant Critical Thinking, Problem-Solving, and Decision Making Cluster Management Accounting Budgeting, Data Analysis, and interpretation Management Assistant Data Analysis and Interpretation Accounts Executive Payments Follow-up
Planning Executive Operational Planning
Personal and Contact Information
Mobile +94-769******
Email adz3bw@r.postjobfree.com
Address Negombo – Sri Lanka
Date of Birth 18th June 1984
Gender Male
Marital
Status
Married
Thiyagarajah Thilakeshwaran
EXECUTIVE PROFILE
Working to my fullest enthusiasm to achieve goals of the organization by optimum utilizing the expertise knowledge gained via 17 years’ experience in
corporate environment specifically on apparel
manufacturing management. Further being inspired
by new business trends and technology to ensure
sustainable growth in organization as well as my
professional career.
Employment
Scope
Key Highlights
Cost
Accountant
(Seven SBUs)
Develop an annual budget of the organization which comprises of capacity budget, expense budget, etc.
Review business performance of ongoing operations and recommend optimization strategies to the management.
Monthly inventory reconciliation and analysis.
Assist the management in finalizing decisions on corporate resource allocations.
Review the monthly operational plan of the group and advice for further improvements.
Review customer cost analysis reports and SBU-wise operational cost reports and provide insights to BOD to reduce the cost (using the power BI tool).
Analyze and provide suggestions to improve the post-costing profitability of each order.
(Variance analysis integrated with power bi).
Team Member of the strategy formation & and reviewing team at Vogue Tex.
Analyzing industry-related data, evaluating opportunities, and making recommendations to the management.
Develop and implement internal control systems to ensure the optimum material utilization in the organization.
Leading the thread optimization project in the group
Participate and contribute to the decision-making process related to material utilization
Facilitate the top management with various analytical reports using Power BI for decision- making.
Analyze the performance of SBUs and corporate departments and suggest recommendations for further improvements.
Representative from Vogue Tex for the ERP implementation project. Costing
Analyst
Responsible for the inventory valuation process of the organization.
Develop costing policies to meet the organization's goal.
Timely delivery of accurate costings to the customers.
Review and monitor the costing process in the group
Analyze the costing data and provide suggestions to improve the efficiency.
Analyze the post-costing results with the pre-costing and provide suggestions to improve the operational efficiency
Conduct review meetings with the operation manager, product development team and merchandisers for further improvements.
Ensure the efficient usage of materials.
Data Analyst
Arrange and facilitate meetings, ensuring all parties can attend and that rooms are available.
Prepare documents for external or internal communications
Analyze data and create reports to deliver to the CEO.
Organized and managed customer visits.
Led special projects like standardizing internal reports and reducing factory costs. Accounts
Executive
Prepare and summarize monthly factory performance evaluation reports.
Prepare order wise post costing reports.
Prepare presentations for monthly budget meetings.
Follow-up payment of outsourced services.
Prepare factory profitability report.
Prepare customer wise profitability report.
Planning
Assistant
Finalize monthly production of Vogue Tex, Koggala factory.
Monitor the critical path on a daily basis and alarm the related parties regarding any deviations (using fast react system).
Prepare daily production report of Vogue Tex Koggala factory.
Monitor and follow up the order deliveries with the manufacturing unit. Referees
Mr. L. Stephen Samraj
Director
Vogue Tex (Pvt) Ltd
adz3bw@r.postjobfree.com
+94-777******
Mr. Jaliya Herath
Corporate Manager for Human Resource
Vogue Tex (Pvt) Ltd
adz3bw@r.postjobfree.com
+94-772******
Contact this candidate