Tsewang N
Email: adz3nj@r.postjobfree.com Phone: 929-***-****
SUMMARY
Over 8 years of Professional Experience in different environments and platforms including Data Analysis, Data Warehousing, Data Modelling, Data Mapping, Data Lineage, Data Profiling and Client-Server applications in Banking and Financial Industries.
Experience in Data Migration, Data Cleansing, Transformation, Integration, Data Import, and Data Export using multiple ETL tools such as Ab Initio and Informatica PowerCenter, Informatica Data Quality (IDQ), Informatica Analyst, Informatica Master Data Management (MDM), Informatica Meta Data Manager, Data Stage, SSIS.
Experienced in using Informatica PowerCenter, Informatica Data Quality (IDQ) as ETL tool for extracting, transforming, loading and cleansing data from various source data inputs to various targets in batch and real time.
Experienced in Installation, Configuration, and Administration of IDQ and Informatica Data Analyst.
Experienced with OLTP/OLAP System and E - R modeling, developing Database Schemas like Star schema and Snowflake schema used in relational, dimensional and multidimensional modeling.
Extensive experience in integration of Informatica Data Quality (IDQ) with Informatica PowerCenter.
Expertise with Informatica Data Quality (IDQ) toolkit, data cleansing, data matching, data conversion, data profiling, exception management, reporting and monitoring functions.
Extensive experience in Strategic development of a Data Warehouse and in Performing Data Analysis and Data Mapping from an Operational Data Store to an Enterprise Data Warehouse.
Expertise in Data modeling (Dimensional & Relational) concepts like Star Schema Modeling, Snowflake Schema Modeling, Fact and Dimension tables.
Strong background in software for Banking and Financial services with knowledge on Payment’s module, SWIFT Messages (MT103, MTn90, MTn91, MTn92, MTn95, MTn96, MT202, MT300, MT320, MT900, MT910, MT940 and MT950) and Confidential (GPP) system.
Experienced in Payment’s processing and SWIFT messaging standards and also CHIPS, FED and ACH.
Hands-on Experience in Power BI Power Pivot, Power integrated with Share Point and in creating dashboards in Power BI and Tableau visualization tools.
Expert in creating and developing operational Tableau dashboard for monitoring Tableau server performance and user activities.
Experienced with maintaining and managing Microsoft Power BI and Tableau reports, dashboards and publishing to the end users for Executive level Business Decision.
Experience in Power BI Power Pivot, Power integrated with Share Point and in creating dashboards in Power BI and Tableau visualization tools.
Knowledge in the ETL (Extract, Transform and Load) of data into a data ware house/date mart and Business Intelligence (BI) tools like Business Objects Modules (Reporter, Supervisor, Designer, and Web Intelligence).
Experienced in full life cycle MDM development including database design, data mapping and data load in batch.
Having Data modeling skills including Star Schema and Snowflake models and E-R modeling, Dimensional modelling.
Working knowledge on different data sources as Flat files, Oracle, SQL Server, RDBMS, Teradata.
Knowledge in Business Intelligence tools like Business Objects, Cognos and OBIEE.
Knowledge in SQL databases, accounting applications, Informatica ETL, Fact Set, Morningstar, and File Net.
Hands on experience using query tools like TOAD, SQL Developer, PL/SQL developer, Teradata SQL Assistant and Query man.
Experienced in Informatica mappings and workflows for loading data from different sources to target.
Expert in TSQL DDL/DML, perform most of the SQL Server Enterprise Manager and Management Studio functionality using T-SQL Scripts and Batches
Experience in working with Data Management and Data Governance based assignments.
Experience in Data flow modeling and Object modeling, case analysis and functional decomposition analysis.
Deep Understanding and hands on experience on Data Sub setting, Profiling and cloning.

EXPERIENCE
Consolidated National Bank - Manhattan, NY (Remote) January 2022 – Till Date
Sr. Data Analyst
Worked as Data Analyst, was involved in designing Payment Integrity Data mart, which captures the fraudulent claims on daily basis. Also, involved in gathering the data requirements, for building Payment Integrity data mart required for various reporting purposes BI Adhoc Reporting.
Responsibilities:
Worked with Data Analysis Identifying Data Sets, Source Data, Source Metadata, Data Definitions Data Formats, Data Validation, Data Cleansing, Data Verification and Identifying Data Mismatch.
Created various profiles using Informatica Data Explorer (IDE) & Informatica Data Quality (IDQ), from existing sources and shared those profiles with business analysts for their analysis on defining business strategies in terms of activities such as assigning matching scores for different criteria etc.
Worked on Star schema for the detailed data marts and Plan data marts involving confirmed dimensions.
Performed Validation, Dimensional Analysis, Statistical Analysis and Data Quality Validation in Data Migration.
Generated portfolio analysis and P&L reports by performing risk analysis and risk management (Credit Risk, Market Risk, Reinvestment Risk, and Inflation Risk) based on the client investment objectives.
Created multiple dashboards using Power BI - PowerPivot & Power Query tools for in house metrics.
Documented logical, physical, relational and dimensional data models. Designed the Data Marts in dimensional data modeling using star and snowflake schemas.
Worked on various Swift messages for payments like MT100, MT101, MT103, MT199, MT940, MT950 and MT942.
Verified all aspect of Client Identification Program (CIP) and necessary account opening documents are provided and in accordance with know Your Customer (KYC) and Bank Secretary Act (BSA) standards.
Involved the implementation of MDM concept with upstream and downstream integration of different applications in agile environment.
Created multiple custom SQL queries in Teradata SQL Workbench to prepare the right datasets for Tableau dashboards. Queries involved retrieving data from multiple tables using various join conditions that enabled efficient optimized data extracts for Tableau workbooks.
Created various Reports and Dashboard with Tableau and Power BI to gain and gather insights.
Generated monthly reports and graphs using Tableau to identify budget trends and ensure that the unit is meeting the monthly constraints and goals.
Provided Production support to Tableau users and Wrote Custom SQL to support business requirements.
Analyze the Bank's data and business terms from a data quality and integrity perspective.
Delivered Enterprise Data Governance, Data Analyst, Metadata, and ETL Informatica solution
Assists ETL team to define Source to Target Mappings.
Proven track record in troubleshooting of ETL mappings and addressing production issues like performance tuning and enhancement.
Perform root cause analysis on smaller self-contained data analysis tasks that are related to assigned data processes.
Work to ensure high levels of data consistency between diverse source systems including flat files, XML and SQL Database.
Daily Data quality checks and Data profiling for accurate and better reporting and analysis.
Involved in translating the business requirements into data requirements across different systems.
Involved in understanding the customer needs with regards to data, documenting requirements and complex SQL statements to extract the data and packaging data for delivery to customers.
Performed unit testing on transformation rules to ensure data moved correctly.
Writes various SQL statements for data generation for purpose of analysis.
Wrote the SQL and PL/SQL queries on data staging tables and data warehouse tables to validate the data results.
Maintained Excel workbooks, such as development of pivot tables, exporting data from external SQL databases, producing reports and updating spreadsheet information.
Researched and fixed data issues pointed out by QA team during regression tests.
Participates in the development of Enhancement for the current Commercial and Mortgage Securities
Writes SQL Stored Procedures and Views and perform in-depth testing of new and existing systems.
Manipulate and prepare data, extract data from database for business analyst using Tableau.
Review normalized schemas for effective and optimum performance tuning queries and data validations in OLTP and OLAP environments.
Exploits power of MS SQL to solve complex business problems by data analysis on a large set of data.

Independent Bank - Ionia, MI October 2019 – December 2021
Data Analyst
I worked for a specific house mortgage database project to design a new database schema, migrating data from MS Access to SQL Server, performing analysis and then generating various types of reports.
Responsibilities:
Created SSIS Packages using Various Transformation like Lookup, Derived Columns, Condition Split, Data Conversion, Aggregate, Merge Join, Sort, Execute SQL Task, Data Flow Task, and Execute Package Task etc. to generate underlying data for the reports and to export cleaned data from Excel Spreadsheets, Text file, MS Access and CSV files to data warehouse.
Involved in Data Architecture Designing and development of a Central Data Repository of Static Content for Syndicated Loans business. Liaison with the Syndicated Loans team as well as downstream clients in the bank to define scope and requirements.
Extensively used Informatica Data Explorer (IDE) & Informatica Data Quality (IDQ) profiling capabilities to profile various sources, generate score cards, create and validate rules and provided data for business analysts for creating the rules.
Created/Reviewed data flow diagram to illustrate where data originates and how data flows within the Enterprise Data warehouse (EDW).
Created different visualization (Stacked bar Chart, Clustered bar Chart, Scatter Chart, Pie Chart, Donut Chart, Line & Clustered Column Chart, Map, Slicer, Time Brush etc.) in Power BI according to the requirements.
Created dashboards and ad-hoc reports using MS Power BI and SSRS for management team for analysis.
Used MDM tool to support Master Data Management by removing duplicates, standardizing data (Mass Maintaining), and incorporating rules to eliminate incorrect data and filter data as per requirements.
Provided continued maintenance and development of bug fixes for the existing and new Power BI Reports.
Developed the required data warehouse model using Star schema for the generalized model.
Worked closely with the Enterprise Data Warehouse team and Business Intelligence Architecture team to understand repository objects that support the business requirement and process.
Perform Database table review and data mapping for large scale data conversion project Oracle database to Mainframe.
Created and maintained daily and monthly summary, trending and benchmark reports repository in Tableau Desktop.
Reviewed basic SQL queries and edited inner, left and right joins in Tableau Desktop by connecting live/dynamic and static datasets.
Created dashboards as part of Data Visualization using Tableau and Power BI.
Manipulate and prepare data, extract data from database for business analyst using Tableau.
Created Adhoc reports to users in Tableau by connecting various data sources.
Worked on Data cleansing and loading application using Tableau.
Wrote SQL queries for each Test case and executed in SQL Plus to validate the data between Enterprise Data Warehousing and Data Mart Staging Tables.
Created Data Flow Diagrams and Process Flow Diagrams for various load components like FTP Load, SQL Loader Load, ETL process and various other processes that required transformation.
Validated the test data in DB2 tables on Mainframes and on Teradata using SQL queries.
Transformed project data requirements into project data models.
Wrote Test cases for Enterprise Data Warehousing (EDW) Tables and Data Mart Staging Tables.
Worked on Performance, Tuning and loading data for fast access of reports in Client/Database. Server balancing, business Rules Implementation, Metadata, Data Profiling.
Produced functional decomposition and logical models into an enterprise data model.
Involved in Data mapping specifications to create and execute detailed system test plans. The data mapping specifies what data will be extracted from an internal data warehouse, transformed and sent to an external entity.
Extraction of test data from tables and loading of data into SQL tables.
Used SAS ODS to create output files in different formats including PDF and RTF.
Collected business requirements to set rules for proper data transfer from Data Source to Data Target in Data Mapping.

Zion’s Bank – Salt Lake City, UT April 2018 – October 2019
Data Analyst
As a Data Analyst, was involved in the Data Integration/Infrastructure project, for the Zion’s.
My role was to assess the impact on downstream data management environments of processing different banking products via different systems and processes.
Responsibilities:
Created various data quality mappings in Informatica Data Quality (IDQ) tool and imported them into Informatica PowerCenter as mappings, mapplets.
Involved in creating different reports based on the business request and ad hoc requirements using Tableau, Power BI desktop. Prepare financial deliverables (quarterly, accrual and budgetary reports) for funding agencies as well as proof of concept, and solution mockups.
Decompose Transformations of requirements into data structures, which can be used to efficiently store, manipulate and retrieve information.
Collaborate with data modelers, ETL developers in the creating the Data Functional Design documents.
Used Teradata utilities fast load, multi load to load data.
Involved in migration projects to migrate data from data warehouses on Oracle/DB2 and migrated those to Teradata.
Created Tableau scorecards, dashboards using stack bars, bar graphs, scattered plots, geographical maps, Gantt charts using show me functionality.
Published workbooks and extract data sources to Tableau Server, implemented row-level security and scheduled automatic extract refresh.
Implemented solutions that communicated performance metrics, illustrated key trends, and enabled complex business analytics using Tableau, Business Objects, Power BI.
Involved in creating various Tableau visualization using Tableau Desktop applying the best practices of report design.
Involved in Tableau data visualization using Cross Map, Scatter Plots, Geographic Map, Pie Charts and Bar Charts, Page Trails, and Density Chart.
Evaluate, identify, and solve process and system issues utilizing business analysis, design best practices and recommended enterprise and Tableau solutions.
Defined downstream targets for MDM with design for attributes and sync methodologies.
Created Complex Teradata scripts to generate ad-hoc reports that supported and monitored Day to Day.
Automated and scheduled recurring reporting processes using UNIX shell scripting and Teradata utilities such as MLOAD, BTEQ and Fast Load.
Involved in Building a specific data-mart as part of a Business Objects Universe, which replaced the existing system of reporting that was based on exporting data sets from Teradata to Excel spreadsheets.
Migrated three critical reporting systems to Business Objects and Web Intelligence on a Teradata platform.
Worked with project team representatives to ensure that logical and physical ER/Studio data models were developed in line with corporate standards and guidelines.
Used data analysis techniques to validate business rules and identify low quality for Missing data in the existing Bank data warehouse EDW.
Also Worked on some impact of low quality and/or missing data on the performance of data warehouse client.
Performed Data Analysis and Data validation by writing complex SQL queries using TOAD against the ORACLE database.

KeyBank - Cleveland, OH December 2016 – March 2018
Data Analyst
Worked on Integration on banking platforms. A complex ETL process developed in Informatica Power Center extracts this data from many disparate data sources (DB2, Teradata, Oracle databases and flat files), identifies erroneous data, and transforms/loads clean data it into an Oracle 9i data warehouse that is optimized for query and reporting.
Responsibilities:
Involved in Creating and maintain data model, including master data management (MDM).
Extensively tested the ETL mappings which were developed to load data from Oracle and SQL Server sources into the Oracle Staging/Target Area
Verified and validated data model structure and E-R modeling with all related entities and relationship with each entity based on the rules using Erwin as per the business requirements.
Worked in the implementation of loan and risk management system applications
Used MDM tool to support Master Data Management by removing duplicates, standardizing data (Mass Maintaining), and incorporating rules to eliminate incorrect data and filter data as per requirements.
Used SQL Queries to verify the data from the Oracle and MS SQL Server databases
Created interactive Dashboards and reports using Tableau server.
Responsible for Creating Dashboard and preparing ad-hoc and monthly reports using Tableau.
Worked in creating dashboard analysis using Tableau Desktop, including information of car rental records, analysis covered customers, days of rental, service region, travel type and etc.
Involved in migration projects to migrate data from data warehouses on Oracle/DB2 and migrated those to Teradata.
Responsible for management of data, duplicating the data and storing the data in to specific data warehouse using Talend Platform for Data Management and MDM.
Worked in documenting the Source to Target Mapping documents with data transformation logic.
Extensively used Informatica Debugger to validate maps and to gain troubleshooting information about data and error conditions.
Interacted with client user personnel to ensure continuing adherence to requirements and user standards.
Tested formulas for various loan, interest calculations, and currency conversions required for reporting purposes.
Actively participated in System testing, integration testing and coordinated UAT.

Emigrant Bank - New York, NY September 2015 – November 2016
Data Analyst
The project was Data and Reporting processes for their Balance Sheet Capital Management team, which covers end-to-end data processes for Market Operation Risk and Securitization, from Data extraction through production phase. Managing the online contents and lead cross-functional project and initiatives. Additionally, verifying and updating information on banking accounts globally by ensuring Know Your Customer (KYC).
Responsibilities:
Involved in (Master Data Management) MDM to help the organization with strategic decision making and process improvements. (Streamline data sharing among personnel and departments)
Worked on transforming the requirements into data structures, which can be used to efficiently store, manipulate and retrieve information.
Collaborate with data modelers, ETL developers in the creating the Data Functional Design documents.
Involved in Creating Dashboards and visualization of different types for analysis, monitoring, management and better understanding of the business performance metrics.
Involved in Creating Dashboards Scorecards, views, pivot tables, charts, for further data analysis.
Define and communicate project scope, milestones/deliverables and projected requirements from clients.
Use Tableau for data analysis, generating reports, graphics and statistical analysis.
Queried questions up front to determine key issues and foresee potential show-stoppers that might arise later and in-depth understanding of OTC derivatives operations.
Analyze data using Tableau for automation and determine business data trends.
Transfer data objects and queries from MS Excel to SQL Server.

EDUCATION
Computer Science from City University, New York – 2015.
Contact this candidate