SUMMARY
Over * years of professional experience as a data analyst using Microsoft Excel, SQL, and Business Intelligence tools such as Power BI.
Proven track record of collaborating with cross-functional teams to understand business needs and translate them into Power BI, Excel-based solutions that provides data-driven reports, insights to the stakeholders, highlights key findings and recommendations.
Designed intuitive and interactive dashboards and reports using Power BI Desktop, Power Query, Power Pivot, Power View, Data Analysis Expression (DAX), Power BI Service, Data Security (Row Level Security), data modeling, and data visualization techniques.
Utilized Microsoft Power platform products such as Power Automate to automate reporting, notifications, and processes.
Shown expertise in creating reports, dashboards, in Excel as per customers’ requirements.
Implemented SQL queries and procedures to address various business scenarios and challenges.
Good Understanding of Agile (SCRUM) framework with a focus on continuous improvement.
Knowledge of statistical modeling concepts and analytic techniques, data management and ETL dataflows.
Strong analytical skills, organizational, curious, problem-solving, and interpersonal skills.
SKILLS
Data Analysis: Exploratory data analysis, data cleaning, data visualization, data validation
Tools and Utilities: Microsoft Power BI, Data Analysis Expression (DAX), M Language, Power Automate, MS Excel
Data Manipulation: Power Query, SQL database
Scripting Language: Basic Python
Project Management Systems: Jira, Confluence
EXPERIENCE
1)Honeywell Automation India Pvt Ltd, Pune
Role: Application engineer (August 2017- March 2021)
Project 1 - Operation Advisory systems (OAS), Yanbu refinery, Saudi Aramco
Developed Operational Power BI dashboards to help organization view, evaluate, manage, and improve the performance of their operating facilities across 6 different refineries.
Gathered, analyzed data from different plants of refinery and was involved in writing business reports to define the scope of various analytical reports.
Imported data from various sources such as SQL, Comma Separated Value (CSV) flat files into Power BI to develop reports.
Conducted data cleaning, transformation using Power Query to prepare the data for analysis and monitored the data quality.
Utilized DAX measures to calculate key performance indicators (KPI) and generated hourly, daily, monthly, and yearly reports.
Implemented Row Level Security (RLS) within Power BI to ensure that the sensitive information is accessible to authorized plant managers and operators.
Utilized Microsoft Power Automate to send reports and notifications on alerts to plant managers.
Presented findings and insights to the team, leading to data-driven decisions and performance improvement.
Participated in the User Acceptance Test (UAT) for the assigned dashboard for customers and received Customer Satisfaction badge for the project.
Project 2 – Reliance MIIS project, Reliance industries
Developed multiple dashboards, analytical reports and interactive reports based on business requirements to support executive business needs.
Developed data models, transformed, and cleaned data using T-SQL and Excel.
Created measures and columns using DAX functions in Power BI.
Developed visual reports, KPI scorecards, implemented slicers and drill-down functionalities to allow users to explore data at different levels using Power BI desktop.
Created Row Level Security (RLS) in Power BI Services.
Participated in testing of the dashboards, data connectivity and data models.
Actively involved in troubleshooting of issues regarding data connections to ensure data integrity, DAX calculations and report performance.
Presented the report to operating managers through User Acceptance Tests (UAT), enabling them to better understand customer sentiment and make informed improvements.
Project 3: Alarm Management project, Singapore
Developed Alarm summary dashboard using Power BI which visualized Distributed Control systems (DCS) alarms which is helpful to manage alarms and make a healthy control system environment.
Collaborated with the plant managers to gather and analyze information to create technical documentation, User Acceptance Test Documentation.
Created interactive Power BI dashboards which visualized alarm count summary, top 10 tags from alarms, alarm per 10/5/1 minutes etc. which helped the operators to analyze alarm generation based on process parameter variation, loop issue, unnecessary alarms etc.
Utilized DAX to create more powerful, effective visualizations.
Microsoft Power Automate was used to send alerts and notifications regarding the alarms which needed operators’ intervention.
Actively involved in troubleshooting of issues regarding data connections, DAX calculations and report performance.
Conducted User Acceptance training (UAT) and provided training to the plant operators on know-how of the dashboards.

2)Optienergy Solutions India Pvt Ltd, Pune
Role: Simulation Engineer (May 2015- August 2017)
Project 1: Gypsum Dehydration project, Saint Gobain, Mumbai
Worked closely with Stakeholder to understand their requirement and design solution using Excel.
Developed and maintained Excel dashboards to automate data analysis processes.
Used Excel’s built-in features and formulas such as VLOOKUP, Sum If etc. to create user friendly spreadsheets that automate calculations, data analysis, reporting.
Conducted data validation and data quality checks to ensure accuracy and reliability of reports and analyses.
Created interactive dashboards, forms and user interfaces using features like Data validation, conditional formatting, and user input controls.
Streamlined data entry processes by creating user-friendly forms and data validation rules, leading to a 25% decrease in data entry errors.
Provided guidance to customers on using the dashboards for decision making.
Project 2: Steam Consumption Reduction in Power Plant, MH
Developed an Excel dashboard to analyze steam production in a power plant of Maharashtra.
Utilized pivot tables, charts, and Excel functions to visualize production trends and identify excess steam consumption.
Improved operational efficiency by providing actionable insights into well performance and optimization opportunities.
INTERNSHIPS
1)Accenture Data Analyst and Visualization Virtual Program:
This is a project-based virtual internship where I have been assigned four modules which are –
Project understanding: we had to understand the client and business problem at hand and identify which tasks you should focus on as a Data Analyst. In this program, the client was Social Buzz (a social media company who wanted to analyze its performance and make some strategic decisions)
Data cleaning and modeling: In the second task, we were given a set of 7 datasets along with a data model diagram. We had to analysis which datasets are truly important for this project. The datasets were uncleaned, so I used SQL and Excel to clean datasets and model it.
Data visualization and storytelling: In the third task of this program, we had to analysis the data according to the client requirements and provide actionable insights along with some strategies to improve the business. I used Power BI to analyze the datasets and create a report.
Present to the client: The final task was to present the insights to the client.

2)PwC Virtual Case Experience- Power BI:
This program is offered by PwC Switzerland which enables you to solve business problems and learn data analytics tool - Power BI. Through this program I have worked on three Power BI dashboards, and I have been able to clearly visualize the value of data and turn it into convincing, actionable insights.
Dashboard 1: Call Centre Analysis- A dashboard for a telecom company that reflects all relevant Key Performance Indicators (KPI) and metrics in the dataset for visualizing customer and agent behavior.
Dashboard 2: Customer Churn Analysis- A dashboard for the retention manager of a telecom company about their customers retention insights through KPI and visualizations.
Dashboard 3: Diversity and Inclusion- A dashboard for HR at a Telecom company reflecting the KPI pertaining to Diversity and inclusion to improve gender balance at the executive management level.
EDUCATION
1)M.E (Chemical Engineering), BITS Pilani Goa Campus, Goa-India -2015
2)B.Tech (Chemical Engineering), Laxminarayan Institute of Technology, Nagpur-India-2013
Contact this candidate