Morodayo Johnson-Olayemi
Newark NJ, *****
Phone: 862-***-****
Email: adzblu@r.postjobfree.com

Career Summary

Having driven significant growth through senior-level executives and highly effective teams for over three years, with a track record of success. I have built reports that have influenced strategic business decisions leading to decent returns on investment. Adept at customer relations, communication, business partnership, operations, risk scenario analysis, and statistical analysis background.

Education and Training

Bachelor of Science Olabisi Onabanjo University 2002
Master’s in Business Administration University of Calabar, Nigeria 2007
Data Analysis Bootcamp Pollynz Consultants 2022

Area of Expertise

SQL Server
Power BI
Python for DA
Microsoft Excel
Excel BI
Microsoft Word
Transact SQL
Data Modelling
Communication

Professional Experience

Ttec Holdings Inc Business Intelligence Analyst Dec. 2020 - Current -REMOTE

Design dynamic visuals and dashboards by analyzing external client’s data for senior executives and leaders for business decisions using SQL, ETL, Power BI and Excel as needed.
Perform root cause analysis using SQL to answer internal data consumer question, and developers in the data warehouse.
Collaborates with multiple teams and acts as a liaison between different business units and IT team in gathering requirements to be used in developing reports using business analytics tools used by the company.
Create PowerBI report that helped management make better business decisions.
Create datasets using complex SQL queries like CTE, and nested functions that were used for various dashboard reporting.
Prepared datasets that was saved in a SQL view for a reusable dataset.
Create an annual report using both SQL and PowerBI to track employees working history for each department.
Perform data validation for clients to ensure data is properly modeled.

Mama African Market Data Analyst Feb. 2020 – Dec. 2020
Designed PowerBI report used to keep track of produces that met the needs of the customers.
Create an Excel Pivot table that is used to keep track of stocks and flag when goods need to be restocked.
Designed interactive PowerBI dashboard that is used to keep track of customers complaints and satisfaction
Created and maintained documentation related to report development and keep track of customers interactions.
Identified and corrected exceptions and inconsistencies in customer related data and continuously enhanced data quality based on requirements gathered from business units.
Developed and maintained Dashboards and Reports using Excel BI for employees related issues.
Contact this candidate