Naveena Srinivasa Rao
DATA ANALYST

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
Proficient data analyst with over 8 years of industry experience in working with diverse and complex data, facts figures. Strong analytical skills and experience with data visualization for optimal user experience by designing and developing visually appealing and user-friendly dashboards, reports, on an ad hoc or recurring basis using wide array of enterprise tools like Tableau, Alteryx, MS Excel, Power BI. Skilled in creating efficient and reusable code in Python and VBA. Adept at crafting SQL queries for data collection for efficient reporting. Ability to communicate with stakeholders to understand user and business requirements.

CONTACT
Email: adzesf@r.postjobfree.com
Phone: +1-408-***-****
Address: 1 Vista Montana, Apt. 3207, San Jose, CA – 95134
LinkedIn: linkedin.com/in/ naveenasrinivasarao

WORK EXPERIENCE

EMPOWER - BENGALURU, INDIA
Lead Analyst, June 2022 - June 2023
Manage and coordinate the activities of the BI team and data engineers.
Collaborate with business stakeholders to ensure BI/ Reporting solutions align with business needs and objectives to accommodate changing business needs and requirements, ensure that processes are scalable, reliable, and robust.
Experience in building and presenting operational dashboards with clear visualizations using Tableau/Power BI to present complex data in a clear and concise manner.
Communicate regularly with operations executives and ensure our efforts and goals are aligned.
Reviewing data elements for accuracy and quality assurance.
Developed BI dashboard to cover status of key performance indicators (KPIs) and important business metrics and data points across the organization’s departments, teams, and business processes.
Experience in data collection from multiple sources using SQL queries and Alteryx to sanitize data for analysis/reports.
Developed workflows using Alteryx to conduct performance analysis of large data sets on accessing, cleansing, testing, collating operations.
Developed custom Alteryx tools using Python automations to manage Power BI dashboards and data enrichment.
Lead the project for Data migration from InfoPath to Redshift.
Provide analytical and technical guidance to leadership team for designing and executing data transformation tasks.
Worked as an individual contributor on critical project deliverables that required co-ordination with cross-functional teams.
Provide training and supervise performance of junior analysts and delegate tasks.

ERICSSON GLOBAL SERVICES - BENGALURU, INDIA
Sr. Engineer, September 2014 - June 2022
Gather, analyze, and prepare information on various telecom signaling technologies.
Improve and maintain automated reporting solutions that tie into our overall business goals.
Create customized data analysis reports, summary, charts, and utilities used by various teams to track key performance indicators (KPI) across various markets.
Designed Python automations for automatic detection of low performance cells to determine patterns and trends to prioritize direct resources for remediation.
Interact with clients and gather requirements for tracking and troubleshooting performance issues in telecom technologies.
Create Tableau/Power BI visualizations to co-relate geographic data and communicate trends and patterns in a clear and concise manner.
Develop automations to reduce manual intervention for deploying workflow tasks and track progress.
Proactively analyze signaling data from various sites and identify issues and trends.
Identify, verify and analyze signaling data defects/issues and communicate with functional teams to determine root cause.
Collaborate closely with multiple teams and ensure milestones are achieved and objectives are accomplished.
Participated in Tech Expo to showcase automations developed for ISF to IFlow collaboration for Project lifecycle management (database management, milestone update, project scope, work assignments) using Python.
Mentored and coached entry-level and junior engineers.

CERTIFICATIONS
Alteryx Designer Core Micro-Credential: General Knowledge [June,2023 - June,2025]
credly.com/badges/e2e76da2-0991-48b0-9489-5c5fac7eee0c/public_url

Alteryx Designer Core Micro-Credential: Data Preparation [July,2023 - July,2025]
credly.com/badges/c68168f1-9b24-4afd-8dd0-31161e3a7d98/public_url

Foundations of Data Science Certificate issued by Coursera.
[Aug,2023]

WORK AUTHORIZATION

H4 visa with approved EAD

EDUCATION
Bachelors in Electronics & Communication from BMS Institute of Technology, Bangalore, India

SKILLS
Alteryx
Tableau
Power BI
MS SharePoint
MySQL
RedShift
InfoPath
Python
MS Excel
MS Visual Studio
Data and Analytics
Team Player
Data Migration

LANGUAGES
English
Telugu
Kannada
Hindi
Tamil
Contact this candidate