Vijaya Laxmi Kura
Certified Microsoft Power BI Developer
Detroit, Michigan +1-940-***-**** adzsh0@r.postjobfree.com
Profile
Certified power BI Data analyst with over 11 years of industry experience with close to 10 years as a power BI developer in one of the leading Investment Banking companies. Hands-on experience working on 4 successful projects in gathering data from various sources and transforming in to insightful reports and dashboards. Proficient in data modelling and integrating reporting components from multiple data sources. Good exposure in developing cloud solutions based on power Apps and power automate.
Strategic financial and data analyst professional with more than 6 years of success in financial reporting, analysis, budgeting, forecasting, and project management. Financial and data analyst who has experience working with the most current technologies POWER BI, SSIS and Azure.

Certified Microsoft Power BI Data Analyst with 9+ years of IT experience having multiple skill set and extensive work experience in Power BI, data warehousing and SQL for building, deploying and managing applications.
Experience in Power query, Power pivot and Power view for creating the effective reports and dashboards in Excel and Power BI Desktop.
Experience in building and debugging Complex SQL Queries.
Exposure in using T-SQL for developing stored procedures, triggers, tables, indexes, views and user defined functions.
Good understanding of SQL Server Reporting Services(SSRS) with report authoring, report management, report delivery and report security
Develop, deploy, and manage SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS) packages for efficient data extraction, transformation, and loading operations.
Worked on all the products in power BI such as Power BI Desktop, Power BI Pro, Power BI embedded, Power BI report server, Power BI premium, Power BI Mobile.
Expertise in Connect, import, shape, and transform data for business intelligence (BI) tools like Excel, Power BI Desktop from different kinds of data sources like databases, flat files, data bricks, APIs etc.
Worked on dimensional modelling and maintained dimensions like Product, customer, region as part of star schema and loaded the data in to member fact tables.
Designing dashboard templates as per the requirement & dashboards content, which includes Power BI Desktop visualizations like KPIs, stacked column charts, tabular reports, bar charts, waterfall charts, Bubble charts, Geospatial visualizations, donut charts, line, bar, histograms, scatter, water, Bullet, Heat maps, tree maps etc.
Create paginated reports using power BI report Builder for on-premises and cloud data sources
Developed complex calculated measures using Data Analysis Expression language (DAX).
Worked on Custom Visualizations like Chiclet Slicer, Bullet Chart, Linear Gauge by MAQ Software, Distribution, Infographic Designer and Pulse Chart etc.
Publishing the reports into Power BI Service and sharing the dashboards to the Users.
Experienced in writing M-code in power query editor level.
Performance tuning of queries and reports calculations using Power BI (Performance Analyzer).
Optimize Power BI reports and data models in terms of performance and ensuring fast load times.
Experience on working with Oracle database objects like sub-queries Views, DDL/DML commands, set operators, Joins, views, User defined functions, stored procedures to facilitate efficient data manipulation and data consistency as well as to support the existing applications.
Good knowledge in Snowflake Cloud DB and willing to learn new technologies.
Involved in functional testing, cut over plans to discuss on the technical status of the launches
Excellent communication skills and interpersonal skills in working with senior leadership team and collaborate effectively with stake holders at all the levels

Work History
Organization
Period
Designation
Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Jan 2017 till date
Sr Data Analyst
Wipro Technologies
Dec 2013 – Jan – 2017
Senior Analyst
Wipro Technologies
July 2011 – July 2013
Senior Analyst
Technical Skills
Primary Skills
Power BI, DAX, M- code
Certifications
Certified MS Power BI Data Analyst

Database
MS Access, Oracle DB, Snowflake, Toad, MS SQL
ETL Tools
Power Query, SSIS
Reporting Tools
Power BI, Tableau, Excel,SSRS
Analysis tools
Power Pivot
Programming Languages
SQL, DAX, M-Query
Projects Summary
Company: Bank of America Merrill Lynch January 2017 – till date
Project Name: ICAN(insights and Control Analytics)/ BA&T ( Business analytics and technology)

Project Description: ICAN(insights and Control Analytics)/ BA&T ( Business analytics and technology) team is part of COO organization and caters to the simplification and centralization of reporting and dashboarding requirements across all lines of business within GBAMO including GBS. Team will deliver high impact dashboards and reports enabling risks or take strategic decisions.

Within the organization, the data is in various systems that are global, regional and local. In order to improve data correlational capabilities for the business, a scalable regional database solution is required to consolidate data from various sources A data warehouse is preferable to centrally process all business logics within the regional database, so that the logics can be efficiently re-used not only for reporting, but for other applications as well.

Responsibilities / Deliverables:
●Generated ad-hoc reports in Excel Power Pivot and shared them using Power BI to the decision makers for strategic planning.
●Involved in gathering requirements and preparations of technical documents.
●Connect, import, shape, and transform data for business intelligence (BI).
●Experience in developing Visualization reports and dashboards using Power BI
●Visualize data, author reports, and schedule automated refresh of reports.
●Implemented Visual Level, Page level, report level filters and pinning in dashboards.
●Written simple DAX calculation as per the requirement to maintain business measures.
●Worked on report permissions and dashboard permissions to provide access to different users.
●Used Quick insights to get various types of visuals to match the requirements.
●Collaborate with cross-functional teams, ETL developers, business analysts, and project managers, to ensure successful project delivery.
●Working closely with ETL team for generation of materialized views if required as database level
●Involved with ETL engineers on performance issues at the database level and working on the solutions to fix them
●Experience on relationship tab to provide cardinality between fact and dimension tables.
●Involved creating effective reports, dashboards and publishing into Power bi service.
●Creating the roles for the dashboards, sharing the developed dashboards to the client in power BI.
●Experience in creating content pack library for sharing the dashboards and reports to the colleagues.
●Developed best practices for database design and development activities.
●Worked with Sql server database objects like sub-queries Views, DDL/DML commands, Joins to facilitate efficient data manipulation and data consistency as well as to support the existing applications.
●Experience in scheduling refresh of Power BI reports, hourly and on-demand.

Project Name : WB-Loan Disbursement Analytics
Project Description:
Loan Disbursement analysis was performed as part of wholesale banking segment which considers the portfolios of each loan officers based upon the entities and regions in WB segment. Reports being developed as per the disbursements made by each officer and analysed the portfolios which are at high risk based upon the metrics provided by SLT . Development of financial reports from well-structured database to manage loans related data while helps the SLT in understanding the loan disbursements and the risk portfolio of each loan officer

Roles & Responsibilities:
●Designed and developed Power BI graphical and visualization solutions with business requirement documents and plans for creating interactive dashboards.
●Generated ad-hoc reports in Excel Power Pivot and shared them using Power BI to the decision makers for strategic planning.
●Gathering the requirements and writing the ad-hoc SQL query batches to update the data and metadata for delta and history loads.
●Utilized (Power BI, Pivot/View) to design multiple scorecards and dashboards to display information required by different departments and top level management.
●Created data marts and multi-dimensional models like Star schema and Snowflake schema.
●Implemented several DAX functions for various fact calculations for efficient data visualization in Power BI .
●Designed complex data intensive reports in Power BI utilizing various graph features such as gauge, funnel for better business analysis.
●Extensive use of DAX (Data Analysis Expressions) functions for the reports and for the tabular models.
●Created Power BI reports by using Joins in multiple tables from multiples database using complex SQL queries.
●Designed a Power BI data model with multiple fact tables and dimensions depending on the business requirements.
●Implemented custom visuals and groups creation in Power BI .
●Implemented scheduling refresh of Power BI reports, hourly and on-demand.
●Development of Performance Dashboards, Score cards, Metrics, Prompts, Drills, & Reports/Dashboards
●Integrating Custom Visuals based on business requirements using Power 81 Desktop
●Developed calculated measures using Data Analysis Expression language (DAX)
●Provided production support to Tableau users and writing Custom SQL to support business requirements

Company: WIPRO Technologies

Client – UBS
Role – Business Analyst
Duration – Dec 2011 – Jan 2016

Project Name : TROPS - Transaction Regulatory Reporting

Project Description:

Regulatory reporting involves reporting for many jurisdictions. Each jurisdiction has reporting requirements and controls. Reports and dashboards are prepared for each jurisdiction based on the requirements and the metrics provided by SLT. Within the organization, the data is in various systems that are global, regional and local. Database provides the trades which are submissions to multiple jurisdictions and holds acknowledgement from regulatory for trade repositories.

●Involved in gathering requirements and preparations of technical documents.
●Connect, import, shape, and transform data for business intelligence (BI).
●Creation of dynamic measures so that business users should be draw meaningful insights on the data which gets updated on day-on-day basis
●Experience in developing Visualization reports and dashboards using Power BI
●Implemented Visual Level, Page level, report level filters and pinning in dashboards.
●Written simple DAX calculation as per the requirement to maintain business measures.
●Worked on report permissions and dashboard permissions to provide access to different users.
●Used Quick insights to get various types of visuals to match the requirements.
●Experience on relationship tab to provide cardinality between fact and dimension tables.
●Involved creating effective reports, dashboards and publishing into Power bi service.
●Creating the roles for the dashboards, sharing the developed dashboards to the client in power BI.
●Experience in creating content pack library for sharing the dashboards and reports to the colleagues.

Education
Master of Business Administration in Marketing in 2011, from Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University, securing 82.3% with Distinction, Hyderabad, India.

Bachelor of Commerce in 2009, from Osmania University securing 78% with Distinction, Hyderabad, India
Certifications
Microsoft Power BI Data Analyst
Contact this candidate