Bisrat Kidane
United States 240-***-**** adzw4s@r.postjobfree.com
Fully Work Authorized No Visa Sponsorship Required Professional Summary
An Experienced Data analyst and Business Intelligence Developer with over eight years of experience in educational, engineering, trade and transport companies. Expertise in BI applications design, development, and maintenance using Power BI and MSBI. Skilled in creating reports, dashboards, datasets, workspaces, and data relationships, as well as managing Azure data services. Technical Skills
● Soft Skills: Crew Resource Management, Leadership, Decision Making, Teamwork, Analytical Skills, Attention to Detail, Communication Skills, and Continuous learning.
Performs senior-level responsibilities for the overall database architecture, design ETL and Reporting.
● Technical Skills
Tools: Microsoft Power BI, Tableau, SSIS, SSRS, SSAS, Power Apps, Power Automate, Power Virtual Agents
Programming Languages: T-SQL, DAX, Python, R, C++, C#, HTML,Node.JS,SQL
DB Tools: MySQL, CSV, Excel, Spreadsheet, Azure Data Factory,
Reporting Tools: Power Query, Tableau, Pivot Table Report, Power View, Power BI Desktop and Services,
Azure Data Factory (ADF), Azure Blob, Azure SQL DW, Azure Data Lake, Azure SQL Database
Row Level Security, Time Intelligence, Modeling, Incremental Refresh, Data Flow Task, Data Conversion, Merge Join, Conditional Split, Derived Column, Multicast, Lookup, Slowly Changing Dimension, Deployment, SQL Server Agent Jobs, Performance Tuning, Query Optimization, Debugging, Control Flow Task, Error Handling, Break Point, Check Point, Configuration, Expressions
Database Design, Development, Analysis, Integrity, OLTP, OLAP Data Warehousing, T-SQL, Store procedure, Trigger, Functions, Views, Index, Constraints, CTE
● Platforms
Windows server 2003
Windows server 2008
Windows server 2012
Linux
RHEL
Professional Work Experience
Microsoft Power BI Developer December 2021 - Present, Sholla consultancy, United States
● Requirement gathering and Analysis for reporting to improve operational proficiency.
● After gathering various requirements from Client and design ETL data load from different source systems and build reports on the data consolidated.
● Understanding and converting business requirements into functional requirements doc, review and sign off with the customer.
● Monitor intra-day SLA drive on key metrics like AHT, Call service levels & Aging calculation
● Developed and delivered over 50 reports and dashboards for WMATA transportation operations using Power BI
● Extracted and connected data from various data sources like Azure DW and on-premise DB sources,
● Designed and implemented complex dimensional data models and relationships in Power BI,
● Utilized DAX to create calculated columns, measures, and KPIs to track key performance indicators,
● Involved in performance tuning and code optimization of Reports. Data Analyst / Power BI Developer September 2019 - November 2021, Guna Trading PLC, Ethiopia
● Used advanced statistical methods and data analytics tools, such as Microsoft Excel, Python, and Cognos
● Connected to and transformed data from multiple sources, including SQL Server, Oracle, Db2, Azure SQL DW, and Flat Files, using Power Query and M Formula Language
● Improve data quality and consistency by using techniques such as data profiling, cleansing and governance policies.
● Enhanced data integration and increased efficiency and productivity using the ETL process, data connectors and APIs to automate data imports from external sources,
● Created customized interactive dashboards in Power BI using Marks, Action, filters, parameter, and calculations.
● Utilized Trend Lines, Reference Lines and statistical techniques to describe the data.
● Resizing data/ETL operation using Power Query.
● Created relationship between two different Data Source's by using Data- blending.
● Perform Unit Testing along with User Acceptance Test cases and resolve issues if any.
● Prepare User documentation and to support the team in preparing content for KT sessions. SQL / POWER BI Developer June 2017 – August 2019, Mesfin Industrial Engineering, Ethiopia
● Created KPIs, partitions, perspectives, and calculated measures using DAX queries and roles in Power BI
● Implemented page-level, report-level, and visual-level filters in Power BI,
● Published Power BI Reports in the required format and made Power BI Dashboards available in web clients and mobile apps,
● Designed and implemented SSIS packages to extract data from diverse databases and flat files and transform it for data analysis and reporting using SSIS transformations including lookup, merge and derived column transformations that enabled the team to streamline the ETL process and improve data accuracy and completeness for analysis and reporting purposes.
● Created views in the intake-database for MS Sales hierarchies to be used in stored procedures in the Staging database, improving the accuracy and efficiency of data analysis. SQL Developer / Professor October 2014 – May 2017, Aksum University, Ethiopia
● Designed and implemented database schema, entity relationship diagrams, and complex SQL statements to support data modeling, query optimization, indexing strategies and stored procedures.
● Implemented various triggers, data validation rules and custom scripts to automate data validation and maintain data consistency,
● Designed and implemented a complex data warehouse using SQL Server, to store and analyze large amounts of data efficiently, resulting in faster decision-making and improved performance.
● As a university professor, taught SQL programming to over 100 students and helped them develop strong skills in writing high performing SQL queries, designing and maintaining databases, and implementing ETL solutions using SSIS.
Education
● Bachelor In Computer Science from Aksum University, Aksum, Ethiopia - 2010 – 2014, CGPA 3.41 Courses and Certifications
● Google Data analytics
● Microsoft Power Platform
● SQL, Power BI
● Business Intelligence
Contact this candidate