Ian Frost
**** ******* ** *** *
San Diego, CA **116
619-***-****
nmgyut@r.postjobfree.com

“You are well received by your peers and have demonstrated great interpersonal skills on several occasions when asked to assist with newer staff…”

SUMMARY OF QUALIFICATIONS
Proven leader with a track record of success in providing project management, business administration, team leadership, web programming, data analysis, client satisfaction and training facilitation. Contribute to accomplishing objectives utilizing problem solving, analytical and strategic planning strengths.

Highly adept at articulating complex concepts and theories to diverse audiences while remaining cognizant of and adaptable to differing learning styles and abilities. Polished communicator, presenter and leader delivering highly technical training.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Self Employed – Design Firm
Project Manager / Principal Designer
San Diego, California – 2007 to present

1 Ensure the integrity in the production and management of deliverables on projects with budgets of $2K to over $6M by resolving roadblocks that impede on time and budget.

2 Utilize business intelligence (BI) tools to achieve goals, analyze trends and provide competitive market intelligence to refine approaches and results by adhering to annual business plan objectives.

3 Manage day-to-day financials, operations and track key performance metrics to maximize project success and profits by preparing and reviewing monthly invoices, progress reports and schedules.

4 Fuel achievement of time-critical milestones by developing standard operating procedures (SOPs) to optimize project management processes and workflow management support.

5 Implement QA unit, system and regression testing to ensure accurate, error-free data handling for web-based information management systems.

6 Conceptualize and develop successful strategies for projects by aligning client interests with market-specific trends and standards.

State of California
Lead Employment Program Rep.
San Diego, California – 2009 to present

1 Serve as a supervisory contact providing support to a 16-person unit that implements government policies with a commitment to providing outstanding customer service, assist with performance reviews, train employees and assign work.

2 Implement QC procedures and serve as a SME for new macro installations/updates, develop and document standard operating procedures (SOPs) to improve organizational efficiency and effectiveness.

3 Serve as the ‘go-to’ resource to provide workload management support to several different units by leveraging technological and analytical acumen to generate ad hoc reports in Excel to optimize resource allocation and support expense control.

4 Deliver training and coaching by leveraging educational background and business administration expertise to ensure complete operating compliance, adherence to department standards and achievement of productive performance.

5 Interpret, accurately apply and communicate state and federal laws, rules, regulations, policies and procedures to both customers and colleagues.

SKILLS
HTML, CSS, JavaScript, PHP, MySQL, Python, Agile, QA Testing, ERP Systems, CRM Systems, Database Admin, Analytics, Photoshop, Illustrator, AutoCAD, Micrsoft Office (Access, Excel, Outlook, PowerPoint, Word)

ACADEMICS
The Art Institute
San Diego, CA
Bachelor of Science in Design
With honors, GPA 3.7 – 2008
*Dean’s List, Peer Tutor

The Ohio State University
Columbus, OH
Business Administration
Completed 1-year toward degree

ADDITIONAL STRENGTHS
Business Intelligence, Data Analysis, Strategic Planning, Problem Solving, Coaching, Sales
Contact this candidate