JOSE BARBOSA (Joseph) – Senior Construction Project Manager and Civil/Electric Engineer, System Engineer, Data Center Engineer, Integration Engineer and Cloud/Data Science Professional/ Capital Management and Financial Asset Management.

Phone: +1-202-*-******
18359 Hallmark ct-House-Gaithersburg, MD-USA
http://linkedin.com/in/joseph-b-a0487286
Email: ad5egr@r.postjobfree.com
SUMMARY:
Senior Engineer and Project Manager, 30 years of experience, with a B.S. degree in Civil and Electric Engineering, Cloud Infrastructure Engineering, Safety Engineering (OSHA, ABNT, EU) and a MSc in Systems Engineering.
Experience in Project Management (Agile,Pmbok,Waterfall, Scrum),Estimation of projects and schedule ( primavera P6,Procore), IT Cloud Infrastructure, Cloud Cyber-Security, Integration Engineering, Systems Engineering, Change Management, Due Diligence, Big Data Science.
SKILLS:
1)IT integration, Cloud computing and infrastructure, system security programming and administration, hyper-scale data centers construction.
2)General construction of hyper-scale data centers, fiber optics and telecomm installations, electric substations, buildings, residences, condos, warehouses, restaurants, hotels, hospitals and outpatient clinics, electric substations, reservoirs, industrial waste facilities, industrial plants, storm water facilities, public schools, excavations, RCC, solar installations and wind electric generation, Geotechnical calculations and foundations, diaphragm walls calculation and execution, drilling processes, electrical systems distribution, fiber rollout, power generation systems, HVAC projects.
CAPACITIES:
Planning. Execution Methods. Project Management. Change management. Integration and Programming, Cloud computing and architecture,Data Centers, Drawings and Reviews, Cloud Cybersecurity Protocols, Security Awareness and enhancement management and program, Due diligence. Data Science. Industrial systems.
ACADEMIC FORMATION:
.B.S. degree in Civil Engineering-UFRJ-Federal University of Rio de Janeiro (www.ufrj.br).
.Post graduated in Electric Engineering-COPPE-UFRJ
(www.coppe.ufrj.br).
.MsC in System Engineering (www.coppe.ufrj.br).
.Safety Engineering and OSHA-University of South Florida (www.usf.edu).
. MultiCloud and DevOps- USA-2020
.Cloud AWS -2022/23
. Terraform, Kubernetes, Docker,Git, AWS Code pipeline,Ansible 2022/23
.Cloud DBA-2021
.Data Science and analysis-IBM Cognitive-2021
STANDARDS AND REGULATION COMPLIANCES
ISTS 3.1, ISO 9001, OSHA, EM 385.1.1-US Army Corps, Directive 89- 391 European Union, ISO 45001, ISO 9001, ABNT, ADA ACT Accessibility construction and compliance, WCAG compliance, ASHRAE, ANSI, ACCA, EPA, NFPA, TIA, NEC, NFPA70, ICC, IBC/IRC, CCR California, NBC, ABNT-Brazil.
SPOKEN LANGUAGES (NOT IT):
English-fluent/Spanish-fluent/Portuguese-fluent/French-fluent/ Italian-intermediary/German-basic.
CERTIFICATES
-B.Sc. and Msc.in Engineering.
- PM certification.
-IT Certifications

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:
AMAZON -AWS-Amazon Web Services. (www.amazon.com ) Contract -05/2022- actual
Security Project and Program Manager, Change Management, AWS Cloud, Integration and Data Centers Construction/Upgrade.-IAD (Dulles-VA) Region.
Budget: USD 280 million.

PARTNER LLC -White Plains, NY.
Contract- 01/2021 - 05/2023
Capital management and Financial Asset management to Bank Clients and Lenders, focus on new constructions and energy projects. Bank of America, Exelon, Amtrak, Morgan Stanley, etc.

WMATA-Washington Metro Authority- Washington, DC-USA. (www.wmata.com)
Contract -12/2021- 05/2022
Project Manager and planner/scheduler on restoration and construction of new metro stations, garages and buildings. Concrete pathologies and corrosion.
Budget: 220 USD millions.
VARADA/ Booz Allen Hamilton ( www.varadaconsulting.com) and (www.boozallen.com ) Vienna, VA and Washington -DC-USA.
W2- 01/2021- 11/2021
Construction and Integration Engineer.
Construction Engineer, Design Reviewer, Data Center Engineer, Integration Engineer and Architecture, IT Professional working to Healthcare Industry and Hospital Facilities under the Electronic Modernization of Systems (EHRM), Federal Program EHRM, OEHRM, Federal installations and compounds, with clearance credentials. Data centers renovations, Electronic Health Record Modernization Program, construction drawing reviews,
specifications and TIA/ ISTS regulations, at VHA. IT solutions and strategies procedures. Implementation of last technologies. Project Management, IT Operations and Service Management, Network and System Engineering, Cyber Security Analyst. Review of Drawings and construction estimates and costs in improvements. Implementation and support of new IT integration systems, data center, telecom cables, JSA (joint secure architecture), RACI matrix, ITS systems, Data center methods of Estimation (LCCE),UPS systems, CFD software analysis (computational fluid dynamics), N+1 redundancy conception and 2N design architecture for Data center construction and renovation, PTR (project tracking reports, Healthcare centers and support centers planning, WLAN, CERNER, CITRIX, HVAC to data centers, SIEER (site infrastructure efficiency rating procedures), TIA-569/ISTS 3.1 standards, for the “T4NG-Twenty One Total Technology Next Generation”, with the “HEFP- Healthcare Environment and Facilities Program”, under clearance credentials through US.Gov Contractors inside a 16 billion US$ program.
Budget: USD 16 billion
STRATA infrastructures LLC (www.stratainfrastructure.com) Manassas, VA-USA
W2-07/2020-03/2021
Project Manager
Conduct project at NIH-National Institute of Health in Bethesda. Improvement and changing of electrical substation gear and feeders. Restoration of General Electric installations, telecom, data and cable lines. Transit engineering improvements between NIH and Walter Reed Hospital. Architectural projects of improvement of general conditions of Accessibility and usage-ADA Act.
Budget: USD 30 million.

B&B Engineering- (general contractor), Rockville, MD-USA Contract- 01/2017 - 08/2020
Construction and Project Manager
● General construction. Business development. Codes and Accessibility Architectural renovation compliance with the DC new Construction Code and ADA Act), Maintenance on elevators, escalators, conveyor belts, even on hazardous areas (nuclear condenser pits and vaults, tunnels, windmills, etc.), industrial constructions, transit engineering appliances for IT data systems. Industrial maintenance. Energy field: construction and maintenance of windmills generators in EU, South America and USA. Solar energy maintenance panels and project drawing reviews. Energy solar projects. Ironworks, Roofing, Glazing, electrical renovations. Residential, Industrial and Commercial construction. Land development studies and planning for real estate projects. Electric substation renovations and construction. Construction of condenser pits and vaults in nuclear plants under Special Clearance Credentials. Building restoration under the LEED Seal. Solar panels installations. Geotechnical analysis and foundations. Primavera P 6 planning of execution, PROCORE usage, on site procedures, OSHA 30 planning and reports, conduct daily meetings to discuss technical constructive details, create cost estimation proposals and budgets for projects, write commercial proposals and bids, project schedules and submittals, project status using Microsoft Project software, create solutions to client needs, blueprints, plans and technical reports. Full profit and loss, weekly production, safety and quality reports. Organize teams of work, procurement with subcontractors. Local and international travels. Cost Estimator and Procurement. STERIS (SIEMENS) Boom surgery installation room constructed at Richmond Veteran Affairs Hospital. Church and Public Schools renovation working together with ScothLong Constructions LLC.
● Achievements: Developed the business of the company and created a customer portfolio. Created a scheduled routine of the maintenance and construction division. Decrease the necessity for urgent maintenance and catastrophic repairs. Developed methods of renovation construction in an economic and fast way. Acted as PM on many construction and pre-construction projects.
● HVAC installations, data centers and special laboratory environment renovation and construction. SRM-Supply Relations Managements and other methodologies.
Budget: USD125 million.

ESG-Global Solutions ltd-(www.esglobalsolutions.uk )–United Kingdom –UK.
Contract - 02/2016- 01/2017

Construction manager
● Responsible for all aspects of construction operational management of the Olympic Games of Rio de Janeiro, consisting of 12 different types of constructions and projects. Telecom, Fibers, IT, temporary stages, local regulations.
● Estimations, telecom and data installations, plans, general contracting, procurement, assembling and scaffolding systems, machinery, stage and arena construction, lightning, multi-language ground teams, water and sewer installations, substations and other electrical installations, safety and quality prevention and reports, daily meetings with organizer committee and sub-contractors.
● Achievements: As a construction manager, acting in support and advisory to 05 project managers. Followed the budget and the plans as contracted by the Brazilian Olympic Games Committee.
● Managed to present just in time and with high quality, all temporary, fixed and necessary buildings, compounds, arenas, technical studios, support installations, HVAC, Data, CATV and telephone centers and
other facilities.
● Responsible for all subcontractors, organized and coordinated field supervision, having motivated and managed a multi-language team of international workers from UK, Brazil, N. Zealand, Australia, France, Spain and Portugal with no work accidents reported under OSHA and Local regulations. Implemented day and night shifts, in the years. Accomplished to a300 million budget. Success with a worldwide TV transmission.

Budget: USD 125 million.

ABL Mall Co (w ww.ablshopping.com.br ) Brazil-Canada. Contract- 02/2014-01/2016
Data Center Engineer, Construction Engineer
● Responsible for the internal renovation of Plural
Investment Bank data center and offices and Building,
at “Botafogo 123 Building, with a budget up 7 million
USD. (www.brasilplural.com).
● Achievements: Worked under clearance credentials to install, repair and remold all security and data systems of Plural Bank central Office in South America.
● Routine to all subcontractors, such as telecom and data systems, drywall, plumber, electrical systems, HVAC, CATV and data systems all together increasing productivity. Daily meetings with all staff. Reports weekly to clients. Estimation and procurement. Management of day and night shifts work.
● Responsible for the renovation of North Tower at Plaza Niteroi Shopping Mall Offices (www.plazaniteroi.com.br ). Budget of USD 18 million.
● Responsible for the managerial reports and coordination of planning schedules, plans and budgets in the construction of a 200 million USD Mall project, “Nova Iguaçu Shopping Center” with 250 commercial stores, 45000 square meters of rented area, 2000 car parking area, 07 cinemas in Kinoplex system, telecom and data lines, 5 stage construction building, under contract with the international fund “Ancar-Ivanhoe ltd”-Canada.
● Achievements: Daily reports of production and quality, attended daily meetings with engineers and architects, performed plans and submittals under the budget.

Budget: USD 110 million.

Paranasa S/A, CSN, USSteel ( www.csn.com.br ) US and Brazil.
W2 and Contract-02/2012-01/2014
Chief Construction Manager
● Responsible for the construction of a 400 million USD project to implement a wagon changer and turner with wash machinery, a railway, a compound with a maritime harbor, conveyor belts to carry coal and transference towers, under supervision of USSteel Company -www.ussteel.com .
● Project with 03 shifts, 24 hours day and 7 days a week, 5000 workers. The implementation of the project began with the excavation of the site area in poor rocky soil. Demolitions with explosives and special equipment.
● Construction of Buildings, private hydropower generation dam (PCH), warehouse compound, transmission lines, electric substations, electrical and data/telecom systems and Power substations.
● Achievements: As a Construction manager acting in 03 shifts 24/7- day period, implemented OSHA30 and Local regulations labor rules to minimize accidents and to avoid common strikes between the 5000 workers and their Union Association.
● Implanted better labor conditions. Implanted correct models of excavation in rock soils and systems to prevent excess of dust in the site.
● Re-organized methods of working shifts and created a special team and staff to deal with operational delays in the timetable.
● Routine of machinery maintenance to avoid lack of operation machinery support. Created a critical path to deal with the huge heavy part of the construction, as railways, conveyor towers, underground tunnels.
● Budget achieved just in time. A routine of meetings with the 15 ground engineers, 173 providers, 120 sub-contractors.
Budget: USD 400 million.

M. Almeida Eng. Co- Argentina, Chile and Brazil.
W2- 02/2010-01/2012
Resident Civil Engineer
● Responsible and constructor engineer in charge of the UN-United Nations Army Training Center “Sergio Vieira de Mello”, in Brasilia and Rio de Janeiro, working with special clearance credentials. Telecomm/data systems installations in optical fiber, civil compound, “war room” Up to 80 million of US$ budget from United Nations-UN and 35 million US$ from local countries.
● Achievement: Budget under correct time and inauguration on schedule with the presence of The President of Chile (Mrs. Bachelet), Brazil and UN, USA Secretary of Defense Special Envoy and other military Authorities.
● Engineer in charge of the construction of FIOCRUZ-Special Vaccine Factory. Budget of US$140 million (www.portal.fiocruz.br). Project management of a 140 million USD fund raise (www.portal.fiocruz.br) to develop a sealed vaccine factory at FIOCRUZ LABORATORIES to be used in the production of “Dengue and Chikungunya” mosquito diseases. High complexity in sealed areas and operational laboratories. High complexity of technical systems and installations appliances with a data center facility.
● Achievements: Responsible for the planning of implementation for construction of special sealed areas for radiation and virus experiments, responsible for daily meetings with staff and subcontractors. Responsible for all reports.
Budget: USD 20 million.
LAFEM Eng. Co. (www.lafem.com.br)- Brazil
W2-01/2007-01/2010
Contract Engineer and Project Manager
● Civil engineer responsible for 03 projects:
● IBMEC University Barra. (www.ibmec.br ). ● Bodytech Compound Gym (www.bodytech.com.br ).
● Commercial Offices “Vila Aymoré” (www.villaaymore.com.br ). ● Construction, procurement, estimations, machinery facilities, budget and planning, reports, meetings, ground superintendent performance duties, quality, environmental procedures, regulations, licenses, technical support and advisory to special problems such as underground water level, diaphragm wall construction plans and
work methodology.
● Achievements: Responsible for a total budget of 70 million USD, performed just as planned.
Budget: USD 55 million.
FIMEL Ltd – ( www.fimel.pt ) Portugal, Brazil, Spain, Italy
Contract-01/ 2000-12/2006 - Project Manager
● Project manager in charge of the construction of Industrial installations and plants in Portugal, France, Spain, Italy and Brazil.
● Achievements: Introduction of electrostatic painting methods in public buildings, roads and ironworks, gun manufacturing, plane manufacturing and painting, wind power generators blades resin painting and maintenance. Coordinate of a team of engineers and installation experts. Reports. Regulations. Environment management methods.
Budget: USD 65 million.

CERON Power Supplier and Distribution Electric Co. www.energisa.com.br
Brazil, Amazonic Region, Rondonia State
W2-12/1989-12/1999
Geotechnical Civil Engineer and Electric Consultant
Chief Engineer Advisor
● Construction of Samuel Hydroelectric Dam in Jamari River, with 540 km2 reservoir, 52 km from Porto Velho, Capital of the State of Rondonia-Brazil, with actual 216 MW of installed capacity, capacity factor 85 MW assured output, with 3,200,000,000 cubic meters of reservoir capacity, cost excluding transmission 965 millions USD.
● EIA, RIMA impact studies with CERON and ELETRONORTE. ● Geotechnical Studies and blueprints.
● Initial operation of first five turbines july, 24th, 1989 until last turbines on august, 2nd, 1996. Remarks: See: “
www.researchgate.net”
See: “Samuel ecological station” and “Samuel Hydroelectric Dam “at www.en.m.wikipedia.org
See: www.uc.socioambiental.org
Budget: USD 2,8 billion.
DDD DOVER INDUSTRIES (www.dovercorporation.com )- NY- US. W2-08/1984-12/1989- Engineer● Engineer and Assistant Project Manager- New York City branch. Chemicals (Monsanto/Du Pont), Clean Energy, Pumps and Process solutions, Industrial Systems, Plant Constructions,climate solutions, IT-Software solutions, Fiber development, Plastic Manufacturing, oils, construction materials, PVC, Polyethylene, caustic soda, lubricants.
Attended Construction of warehouse at Zerega Ave, Bronx, Industrial Plants construction in Brazil, USA and France, Construction of a Polyethylene plant in Gap-France (www.sas-gap.fr) ( www.societe.com), plastic packaging manufacturing.
Budget: USD 140 million.

USA, Feb,2024.
Contact this candidate