Nathalie A. Fadel
Cell phone: 978-***-****
Personal email: adhjr4@r.postjobfree.com
EXPERIENCE
Syntactx, LLC, New York, NY.
Associate Manager, Data Sciences, April 2020 - present
● Managed team of two statistical programmers
● Communicated information between clients, internal departments, and team members in a timely manner
● Synthesized input from clients and internal departments to align client’s goals with Data Sciences departmental SOPs
● Performed internal acceptance testing on new database builds to minimize future analysis difficulties
● Assessed need and implementation of new tools and internal processes for programming team
● Participated in QA audits, providing documentation and future planning to adhere to quality standards Clinical Data Specialist, June 2019 - April 2020
● Programmed tables, listings, and figures in SAS for interim study reports such as DSMB meetings, Annual Progress Reports and Clinical Study Reports to the FDA, and weekly to quarterly safety reports for BfArM and the European Commision.
● Aided in statistical review and verification of tables, listings, and figures programmed by coworkers
● Communicated with clients in a timely manner for data review meetings and interim study progress updates
● Contributed data analyses to publications accepted by the Journal of Vascular Surgery
● Provided data analysis and statistical consulting support to internal colleagues
● Completed programming management tasks such as Issue Logs, changes to table shells, and program templates
● Trained data management colleagues how to program database edit checks in MS Access/SQL Columbia University Medical Center, Department of Biostatistics,New York, NY. Practicum project for Biostatistics degree requirements, May 2018-April 2019
● Conducted biostatistics imaging research on Alzheimer’s and cognitively-impaired study subjects compared to cognitively normal control subjects, who elected to submit MRI and FDG-PET images to the Alzheimer’s Data Neuroimaging Initiative database.
● Used a MATLAB package known as BSMac created by supervisor and colleagues that uses Markov-Chain Monte Carlo techniques to perform Baeysian statistical image analysis.
● Exploratory participant roster analysis performed using R
● Learned how to transfer files and computing jobs on university’s C2B2 cluster using Cyberduck, Mac Terminal and bash commands
● Communicated and collaborated with remote research supervisor Complexly, LLC, Missoula, MT.
Consultant and Script Writer, May-August 2017
● Created and wrote content on exercise and endorphin research for SciShow, an educational YouTube series
● Final video titled “What Is Runner’s High?” reached #24 on trending on YouTube.com on its release date
● Wrote and submitted additional pitches to the content team Boston Children’s Hospital, Division of Critical Care Medicine, Boston, MA. Progeria Research Coordinator, May 2015 - Jan 2017.
● Created a clinical trial budget for all trial-related testing done at BCH, tracked research billing in Excel database and in hospital Epic system
● Scheduled and coordinated study subject visits for numerous medical study procedures
● Managed Excel spreadsheets and case report forms based on investigator requests and recommendations for data
● Aided in the creation of an InForm database for the newest progeria clinical trial. Met with each investigator responsible for data collection, biostatisticians, and database programmers to incorporate desired data elements
● Aided in hiring and managed an intern from Northeastern University’s co-op program
● Created and submitted regulatory documentation to the institutional IRB and to the FDA
● Coordinated team of helpers and supplies during -80C freezer failure, ensured safe transfer of human specimens and freezer repair
● Communicated and cultivated relationships with pharmaceutical companies, Progeria Research Foundation staff, BCH research operations, and BCH clinicians
Dana-Farber Cancer Institute, Gastrointestinal Cancer Center, Boston, MA. Research Data Specialist, August 2012 - May 2015.
● Managed the collection and distribution of diet and lifestyle surveys for a CALGB group clinical trial for colorectal cancer
● Compiled sets of raw survey data from the CALGB study via SAS and ScanTools Plus programs.
● Wrote SAS program to compile, label, and organize raw data.
● Updated and completed regulatory documentation.
● Determined protocol eligibility of patients by reviewing medical records in the CAS LMR shell.
● Coordinated specimen collections
● Collected patient study measures in person including anthropometric measurements, walking tests, demographic surveys, exercise logs, and drug adherence logs.
● Routinely updated study databases and spreadsheets in Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Access, and InForm EDC.
● Approached and consented patients in clinic for clinical research studies
● Communicated and cultivated relationships with physicians, NPs, RNs, administrators, lab personnel, and other clinical researchers, from both inside and outside the institute. Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center, Hemostasis and Thrombosis Division, Boston, MA. Research Student, May 2011 - August 2011, June 2012 - January 2013.
● Contributed to research on human platelet fusion pore dynamics, platelet granule movement, dynamin-platelet interactions, and dynamin inhibition by palmostatins.
● Conducted experiments on activated human platelets in vitro labeled with fluorescein dextrans, and examined under flow cytometry and EPI-fluorescence microscopy. Image analysis performed using ImageJ program. University of Massachusetts Amherst Physics Department, Amherst, MA. Undergraduate Researcher, January 2010 – February 2011
● Conducted microtubule flexibility experiments on rhodamine-labeled microtubules in vitro under influence of thermal fluctuations, and examined using EPI-fluorescence microscopy.
● Analyzed images using Fourier mode analysis via MATLAB programs. EDUCATION
Columbia University Mailman School of Public Health, New York, NY. Class of 2019. MPH in Biostatistics, certificate in Chronic Disease Epidemiology Relevant Coursework:
Relational Databases and SQL Programming, Data Science I and II (in R), Statistical Computing with SAS, Applied Regression I and II (in SAS), Probability & Statistical Inference, Categorical Data Analysis, Design and Conduct of Observational Epidemiology, Cancer Epidemiology, Chronic Disease Epidemiology. University of Massachusetts Amherst, Amherst, MA. Class of 2012 B.S. in Physics, concentration in Biology and Biophysics, cum laude Recipient of John and Abigail Adams Scholarship, 2008-2012 RELEVANT SKILLS
● Programming languages: SAS, SQL, R, MATLAB, beginner in Python
● Technical Applications:GitHub, RStudio, MySQL, Microsoft Access, Microsoft Excel, Syncrony EDC, InForm EDC, Adobe Acrobat
● Clinical Applications:CITI certified, HIPAA, GCPs, EMR, GE-IDX, EPIC systems
● Foreign Language:Fluent in French, beginner in Spanish PUBLICATIONS
Koseoglu S, Dilks J.R., Peters C.G., Fitch-Tewfik J.L., Fadel N.A., Jasuja R, Italiano J.A. Jr., Haynes C.L., Flaumenhaft R. Dynamin-related protein-1 controls fusion pore dynamics during platelet granule exocytosis. Arteriosclerosis, Thrombosis, and Vascular Biology.33: 481-8. 2013 Jan.
Contact this candidate